What would you answer if you are asked about your principles in daily life In Japan many people would answer It is 3R that I always keep in mind. 3R has already become an international word it means reduce reuse and recycle. It is playing an important role in tackling the garbage disposal issue in Japan. However most people fail to take action although they know that garbage could cause various kinds of pollution and the process of garbage incineration could lead to more carbon dioxide emission. Then how can we practice these 3Rs First one of the ways of reducing garbage is to make it your custom to buyminimal foods and goods and chose recyclable or recycled packages. For example you can buy three tomatoes sold loose instead of a set of three on a plastic tray. If you buy canned food you can choose a can with a recycle code on it. This kind of constant effort could lead to cutting down consumption and garbage. Second the representative way of reusing is to use a shopping bag which can be used repeatedly instead of choosing plastic bags offered by a supermarket. In addition you can buy a reusable mug in some coffee shops so that you can reuse it every time without throwing away a disposable cup. Inside house you have a lot of things that you can reuse. For example you don't need to don't have to use plastic wrap when you keep food in a refrigerator. Instead you can use a set of plastic boxes and lids like Ziploc. The awareness that there is lots of room for reuse could have a good effect on our daily habits and it could lead to reducing garbage. Third recycling is the most troublesome for us but it would be best for us to start with separating recyclable garbage from others. Each municipal government has its own website which encourages establishing a sustainable society in various ways. Surprisingly there are diverse options on websites about recycling goods from small trash like mixed paper to bulky garbage like a television. We need to dispose of recyclable materials according to the instructions of your community so that recycling companies can properly make new materials from them. Finally these three actions could create a better environment without retrogression. However we still have a long way to go to perfectly practice 3Rs in the present situation. What we should do is start with the most accessible way in everyday life such as placing plastic bottles in a recycling bank. Otherwise potential valuable materials will be transferred to a landfill and eventually we could suffer a more toxic environment in the future. I hope that all of us recognize that The longest journey begins with a single step and take one step forward from now.
