The Use of Cloning Methods to Produce Human Tissue Human clone issue has been an ardent argument since a lamb named Dolly as the globe's first cloned mammal which born in Scotland. Most people think human clone will destroy human life and violate some cultures and religions. So some issues have examined both the scientific data and the ethical implications of current and future adult and embryo stem cell research include the use of cloned embryos. Most of countries such as the U. S supported a Union Nations Organization's ban which asked all of the nations prohibit providing clone technology to human experimentation. However people need to clarify that the use of cloning method to produce human tissue can envision medical breakthroughs using stem cells to solve the human diseases. Clone is an asexual reproduction which made by artificial way. Human clone technology included three different types of clone with three different goals Embryo cloning Adult DNA clones Therapeutic clones 1. The third type's goal is to produce a healthy copy of a sick person's tissue or organ for transplant such as producing a copy kidney for a kidney patient. So using clone technology helps people solve many difficult medicinal problems. For example heart disease is one of the most mortality diseases in the U. S and others country. Scientists believe that human clone technology could be used to treat heart attack victims. Clone themselves healthy heart cells and inject them into the areas of the heart instead of being injured cells. Therefore some scientists believe that can make a breakthrough of treatment also the administration need to produce a guide standard for human cloning instead of against all human cloning. Different countries have different points. If cloning methods have more benefits for human health improving these methods are good things. Many countries prohibited the cloning of human embryos such as the U. S. On January 22 2003 the President Bush said I also urge the Congress to ban all human cloning. We must not create life to destroy life. Human beings are not research material to be used in a cruel and reckless experiment. In his January 28 2003 State of the Union speech the President said Because no human life should be started or ended as the object of an experiment I ask you to set a high standard for humanity and pass a law against all human cloning. 2 However some scientists believe that human can get more benefits from human clone technology such as paralyzed walk again and childless couples. Also Human cloning technology could be used to reverse heart attacks Simon Smith wrote a contributor on the HCF website ANON_URLSITE_accumulates comments from all over the world in support of human cloning. 3 If scientists use human clone technology reasonably it could be a milestone in human life. In future many diseases would be solving though clone technology. Resource 1 ANON_URLSPAGE_2 ANON_URLSPAGE_Developments in Congress 3 ANON URLPAGE
