Everyone of us is famous special important and interested in somebody else. Mother Teresa poor nun and Princess ANON_NAME_0 as a powerful woman that's sound totally different they were different in social life but they were so similar and maybe without difference inside the body. Their lives tell us stories forever. Poor Albanian woman Agnes who joined the sisters in Loreto as a missionary in her teenager's age. She also chose the name Teresa after the patron saint of missionaries. She didn't have life and young times like young people today. She led a calmer life and was promised to the faith in God. On the other hand Princess ANON_NAME_0 known as a Princess of Wales had a teenage age when she was young as from fairy tail. She could have everything what she wanted she was well educated and she had many hobbies and interests like young women have today. While Princess ANON_NAME_0 studied in University Mother Teresa started to teach children in poor India. Also after receiving permission in Vatican she became one of the missionaries of charity. Its mission was to care for hungry the naked homeless the blind ill people who feel unwanted unloved uncared for society. Approximately at this time Princess ANON_NAME_0 married Prince Charles of Wales. She gave births her two beautiful sons. As one of the most famous women in the world started to work for the Red Cross and she campaigned the world of land mines. As we know there are a lot of orphanages AIDS hospices and charity centers everywhere in the world. Mother Teresa was the first woman who opened the first Home for the dying people. She had a huge heart full of love for suffering people and she was trying to keep them alive. Her lovely opinion was that suffering people would bring people closer to Jesus. Both of these women loved and helped children. Poor Mother Teresa tried to create new homes for lost children while Princess ANON_NAME_0 helped children in hospital by supporting money. She can support charity projects when she wanted and felt. Princess ANON_NAME_0 had unbelievable great power but her work was always with people not on a political level. She lived between the people on the highest level and she was also one of the celebrities touching ill people. Even she belonged to high leveled people she touched people infected by HIV. She had visited and met lot of sick people in the hospitals. When mentioning about their interests or hobbies Princess ANON_NAME_0 had many of them. She loved fashion cinema music and traveling. Her friend Mother Teresa didn't have any hobbies or interests. She was strong catholic believer she was poor she didn't earn money. She didn't have free time for herself like ANON_NAME_0 but both of them traveled through all over the world to assist to the hungry and poor countries. They were every time on the right place and at the right time. Even I don't remember Mother Teresa I personally met her in one of the hospital in my country. My parents told me that she was holding me in her arms when I was 2 months old and she told me lucky baby . Both of them with big hearts did many things for other people. They died as heroines. Mother Teresa was ill and she died. Princess ANON_NAME_0 died tragically by a car grave accident as a very pretty and young women. Everyone of us remembered that shocked day and also day of big loose. Mother Teresa is also a holder of several awards one of them is a Nobel Peace Prize. What is really interesting generous and what I like about her is that she gave all the money from award to the poor in India. These two women have been memorialized through museums and books. Also some churches are called after mother Teresa. All in all people have different feeling thinking about celebrities or famous people but these two women are two of my favorite. They and everything beautiful and rich about them died at the same year. It is unbelievable that it is the same year. I think that they should deserve to be remembered. I have heard and read about them and their work a lot. I am interested in learning more and more about them. Many things that people do are wrong and destroy peace in the world. I would like to hear about more people like these two women in the future because if there were people kind nice generous and helpful everything would be seen different.
