How to buy a car Buying a car isn't a simple thing especially for a used car. Although a used car is always cheaper than a new car choosing a good deal is a big problem. How do you know the car you focus on is a good deal or a lemon You can collect information through Internet test drive some used cars and discuss the final price with the owner. There is a great lot of information about used cars on the internet. How do you take more valuable information You can choose some authoritative websites. Indeed ANON_URLSPAGE_a website which provides lots of useful information about used car including photos reviews and reliability of almost every model make and year. Through this website you can look for the car's information you focus on. The most important information is the owner's review. We need to notice the reliability too. It is about how much you will pay for this car after the purchase. . Another useful website is ANON URLSITE. It applies some information about price you can check the average private party value in your area. It is very important and useful. Step 2 is the driving test. If you aren't a seasoned driver you can ask your friends. During the test drive listen to the noise of the engine. If the noise sounds weird the engine could have some problems. Try to accelerate and brake and observe the tires and body. Don't forget some details for example the air conditioner and windows. Although these details may not lead to a safety problem they will lead to a comfort problem. Finally you should bargain over the price with the owner. You can list some small problems as the reason why take a lower price. Apply the information you collected on the internet. Tell the owner the KBB price. I am used to buy a used car from a private owner. At beginning he asked 10000 dollars for the car. I told him the kbb private value just is 9000 dollars. Moreover his car would need a big maintenance in the near future. It would cost about 1000 dollars. As a result the final price is 8500 dollars. Overall the more you know about the car the more possible you can take a good deal. Actually the above workings will spend lots of your time. If you are really busy in my view the important step is second driving test. No step 1 and 3 maybe you would spend more money on your car but no step 2 the thing you spend would be safe. If you have enough time follow the above steps I believe that you can have a good used car.
