Chinese calendar The Chinese calendar is a traditional calendar. In this calendar each month follows one cycle of the moon and the fifteenth day in every month is the full moon date. In china today the western calendar is used for most day to day activities but the Chinese calendar is still used for marking traditional Chinese holidays such as Chinese New Year Spring Festival Duan ANON_NAME_0 festival and the Mid Autumn Festival Moon Festival . According to legend the Chinese calendar developed during the third millennium BC. Wikipedia tell us The earliest archaeological evidence of the Chinese calendar appears on oracle bones of the late second millennium BC Shang dynasty. From that time Chinese calendar was adjusted till the Western Han dynasty 104 BC . Today the times of the astronomical new moons and the sun entering a zodiac sign are determined in the Chinese Time Zone by the Purple Mountain Observatory outside Nanjing using modern astronomical equations. Usually each year has 12 regular months as the western calendar which are numbered in sequence 1 to 12 . Every second or third year has 13 months. The added month's name is Run month which may come after any regular month. And this year is named Run year. This rule results from the difference days one year between Chinese calendar and Western calendar. To assist farmers to decide when to plant or harvest crops the drafters of the calendar put in 24 seasonal markers which are called Jieqi . Jieqi can be translated as Nodes of Weather. Some markers are related with seasons. For example start of spring start of summer start of autumn and start of winter. These four dates just mean that one season starts here according to the Chinese definition of a season. And the other markers describe nature for instance awakening of insects when hibernating insects awake minor snow means snow starts falling. Chinese traditional holidays are all defined by Chinese calendar. The most important festival is Chinese New Year the first day of Chinese calendar. At that day families gather and celebrate for 15 days traditionally. The last day of Chinese New Year celebration is Lantern Festival another traditional holiday. Some Chinese traditional holidays are related to weather for example Double Ninth Festival usually is middle of October in Western calendar. At that day people always climb the mountain hike and have a flower show. The cause of these activities is weather. Another holiday is similar with western holiday. The month 7 day 7 in Chinese calendar is a festival for lovers equivalent to Valentine's Day. Till now Chinese calendar has an effect on people's life in food clothes and activities. In some specific dates Chinese eat some traditional Chinese foods. Chinese think these foods are healthy for body. Definitely Chinese calendar is an important part of Chinese culture.
