Brain training In Italy people refer to a big and stupid man as all muscles and no brain making a contrast between the brain and the muscles. I'll leave it to you to find the positive and the negative one. But how much are muscles and brain different Are you sure that the brain could not be fed like a muscle For muscles and brain nature plays a very important role deciding the basic features that could prejudice the whole future of both of them. However beyond the nature there is a more important component that influences the life of the brain the environment or better the interaction with the environment. Looking for the etymology of the word intelligence one of the definitions states the ability to read something among other things . For example on the Online Etymology Dictionary ANON_URLSITE_is asserted that the origin of the word goes back to the union of inter between and legere pick up choose read . Starting from this point even if there is a nature base in the brain that influences the presence of abilities as learning to read a book is possible so learning to read among things is not impossible. But how a man can nurture his brain How is it possible to improve the skill in reading between the lines Studying working and experiencing the life in all its forms are three main ways by which is possible to interact with the surrounding environment and reach the goal. Studying is maybe the first approach to exercise the mind exposing it to new things obligating the brain to find the right way. Studying implies the reaching of an objective as for example becoming able to write an essay. So it implies the need of answering questions. Maybe while an answer is being found out another question is encountered another question mark that needs to become a period but it isn't necessarily a trouble it could be a positive challenge. In fact the real goal of studying is hidden behind the reach of the skill. The real gain is in the entire dynamic process of learning in the whole series of questions answers and mistakes. Yes mistakes. As one of my teacher said you can learn more from a mistake than from a correct answer . The first time I heard this phrase I remember that I was very puzzled what do I have to learn from a mistake After I understood. Sometimes the brain works in a way that is not always easy to control. When a mistake occurs you receive a feedback and an incentive to find where your reasoning failed at which crossroad your mind took the wrong way. So studying finding answers reaching goals and making mistakes are the means to hone the mind and above all to build up the experience that is needed to find more complex answers. Like studying also working helps the brain to increase its ability of reading among things . When you start a job you don't know how to complete your tasks or better you don't know how to complete them in the best way wasting as little time as you can. This is not a fault it is an opportunity a chance to stimulate the brain. The more you cope with a problem the more you nurture your brain you expose your mind to logical reasonings. Surfing the difficulties that a problem carries with itself means to see ways and improve the skills of predicting and inferring things also when they are more obscure. Someone calls this experience and it is true this feature is more frequent among experienced workers but I prefer to call it intelligence. In fact what is given by working experience is the ability of read in advance what will probably happen. By these predictions is possible to avoid mistakes or choose the track that will lead more probably to the goal. The best way to gain time is not to waste time in other words find as soon as possible the right and shorter way. From the previous work experience you can learn something that could help you in reading among the specifics or the requests of your boss where and how find the answers that you need. As it is true that working and studying help the growth of the brain so everyday life works. In fact what is the oldest school in the world It is life isn't it Every single day there is something to learn from life even if you don't work or even if you have accomplished your education. But how does what is learned during the life help the intelligence The reason is ancient and belongs to our survival instinct. Learning as soon as possible how to read among life's events may distinguish who will survive from who will die who will win from who will loose. Day after day experience after experience is possible to gain the means for reading the next time how to predict the effects of a move. It is like a chess game and as you can become a good player game after game your intelligence can become better and better as you play your life game more. Well even if sometimes the idea of an innate intelligence seems to be correct simply having a look at the heritage that our ancestors left to us through the language we can find a different answer to the dilemma between nature and environment about the most important component of the intelligence. The wisdom of our precursors suggests that the intelligence is a special form of ability in reading and inferring meanings even when they are well hidden that can be learned as the more common reading skills. The possibility of acquiring this ability and so the opportunity of hone the brain by studying working and experiencing life is granted by the specific kind of skill. Nature helps this process giving us in different way and in different measure the basic ingredients to improve our intelligence. The personal efforts and the firm belief in the goal that could be attained by the decision to cope with challenges do the remaining and most important part of the process.
