The Event That Changed My Career Choice How many times have you heard children said I will be a doctor when I grow up I will be a pilot when I grow up . What is your choice Most of the time people believe that they choose what they will do when they grow up. However some events can at any time turn their choices around. Being born into a family where everyone is doing business my choice was to study business and become a business owner. However I got a scholarship after my master's degree in business to pursue my study in economics in a prestigious international program. This event changed my choices about my future career in many ways my goal about my education my eagerness to speak English fluently and my dream to serve my country at upper level. First getting a PhD in economics became my main goal since I finished my post graduate study. The fact of being taught by famous teachers from all around the world has prompted my desire to get a PhD and teach in the future. Since I decided to teach like these scholars the first step to become like them is to get a PhD. In addition I learned with them that there is a great pleasure knowing complex issues and being able to lecture to some people especially students about these issues. Furthermore having done research for my dissertation has made me be aware of how wonderful research is. So at first a Master's degree in business was my target but this event changed my educational goal which is now earning a PhD. Besides prompting my desire to get a PhD this post graduate program made me be aware of the necessity for me to speak English fluently. Before this event I was satisfied with my French. However in the science world English is the main language. Therefore most of the scientific articles are written in English. For example I was obliged to read with tremendous difficulties some articles in English while I was writing my post graduate dissertation. Also because of the widespread of English in the world knowing English will allow me to teach in many Universities mainly in Africa where I plan to work. Overall since I decide to get a PhD learning English has become a minimum condition. The most important thing this event has created in me is the dream to be able to serve my country at upper level. I learned in this program that my country needs high quality teachers for its universities. For example I learned in two years more than I learned in four years in my country simply because the famous teachers made things easier to understand. Also this program taught me how to do research. I experienced this work and I liked it more than doing business. Therefore teaching and doing research has become my goal. Furthermore I am passionate about international trade and teaching and doing research in this area will allow me to be an advisor for my country in the international trade negotiations that is my ultimate goal for the short term. In conclusion the international graduate program I attended introduced me a new sphere that changed the way I would like to orient my career in the future. Being seemingly predestinate to work in the business world since this program I am now oriented to be a scholar. This volition made English supersede French for me. Also I am now concerned about serving my country at upper level. In life we can choose the way we want to live but some events can radically change our choices.
