The event that has changed my career choice How many times did you hear children said I will be a doctor when I will grow up I will be a pilot when I will grow up . What is your choice Most of the time people believe that they choose what they will do when they will grow up. However some events can at any time turn around their choices. Being born and grew up in a family where everyone is doing business my choice was to study business and become a businessman. But I got a scholarship after my master's degree in business to pursue my study in economics in a prestigious international program. This event has changed my choices about my future career in many ways my view about my education my eagerness to speak English fluently and my dream to serve at high level my country. Getting a PhD in economics became my main goal since I finished my post graduate study. The fact of being taught by famous teachers from all around the world has prompted my desire of getting at least a PhD. The first step to pretend to be like these scholars is to get a PhD. In addition I learned with them that there is a great pleasure to knowing complex issues and being able to lecture sometimes to some people about these issues. How fun is to know things that seldom are people who know them because of their complexities! Furthermore having done some researches in which I wrote a dissertation has made me know how wonderful the researches are. Targeting at first a master's degree in business to work in the business field this event changed my educational target which is now a PhD. Besides prompting my desire to get a PhD this post graduate program made me be aware of the importance of English. Before this event I was self satisfied with my French. But in the science world English is the main language. Therefore most of the scientific articles are written in English. For example I was obliged to read with tremendous difficulties some articles in English while I was writing my post graduate dissertation. Overall since I decide to get a good PhD learning English has become a minimum condition. The most important thing this event has created in me is the dream to be able to contribute for the development of my country. I learned in this program that my country needs high quality teachers for its universities. For example I learned in two years more than I learned in four years in my country simply because good teachers make things easier to grab. Also this program taught me how to do research. I experienced this work and I liked it more than doing business. Therefore teaching and doing researches has become my will. Furthermore I am passionate about the international trade and teaching and doing researches in this area will allow me to be an advisor for my country in the international trade negotiations. In conclusion the international graduate program I attended introduced me in a new sphere that has changed the way I would like to orient my career in the future. Being predestinate to be a businessman I am now oriented since this program to be a scholar. This volition made English supersede French for me. Also I am now concerned about contributing to the development of my country. In the live we can choose the way we want to live but some events can change radically our choices.
