INTERNET In the past people said someone who doesn't know how to read or write is an ignorant today people says someone who doesn't know how to use the Internet is an ignorant . Therefore it happens nowadays for someone who is very well educated to be an ignorant based upon this criterion. The Internet is a collection of interconnected computer networks linked by copper wires fiber optic cables wireless connections etc. Internet is fast becoming a basic feature of global civilization so that what has traditionally been called civil society is now becoming identical with information technology society. Making the Internet widely used is everybody responsibility starting from governments to companies end by individuals. In order to widespread the use of Internet we need at least three major milestones to be done making it cheap available and get people ready for it. Making Internet cheap is governments' responsibilities so everyone can afford it. Actually it is one of the recent challenges to widespread the Internet between citizens. In order to achieve that the governments have to build a new solid infrastructure to support new technologies push the involved companies to lower the prices and encourage businesses to transform to E businesses by offering the services over the Internet for ease of accessibility plus other advantages like saving time and money and making the society up to date by eliminating the digital divide. Having said that cheapness dose not mean bad quality by any means! High speed internet is essential and as important as exciting the internet itself since some recent statistics talk about internet congestion within two years with the current infrastructure. Accessing the internet anytime and anywhere and for anyone is what is called availability. Being able to access the internet anytime means you can reach it 24 7 while supporting the internet from anywhere means to allow people to access it at last mile in addition to access it through different mediums e. G. Dialup DSL cable TV and even by new wireless technology like WiFi or WiMax and anyone can access the internet at his her end without any limitations. Availability is a big issue in many countries since some of their infrastructures are not ready yet and may need to start a new digging all over the cities. Availability in other words means diversity and redundancy so in case of failure of on link the other is ready immediately. For the internet to get widely used being cheap and available are not enough though. People need to get used to it mostly internet users tend to be the young people but still all people must be involved in this matter. Some governments have started public programs and awareness campaign to get the citizens used to the internet by offering free computer courses or cheap PCs with free internet connection. Some other countries started new initiatives by supporting the portals contents to attract people to use the internet offering all public services on the internet either through their portals or by other companies. We can see today some tangible result of internet spreading everywhere so everyone finds his special world in the internet. Internet is an evolving technology in different prospective and every day a new invention related to it is made up. So to keep up with latest technology we must catch up the new technology in the market since it is growing faster than any thing else. The three milestones we mentioned in the article cheapness availability and readiness are continuing challenges in the world of the internet which adds more and more duties on governments companies and individuals.
