Brain Training People often refer to a big muscular man as all muscles and no brain making a contrast between the brain and the muscles. I'll leave it to you to decide if this is a positive or a negative relationship. However how different are muscles from the brain Is it possible that the brain can be trained like a muscle Looking for the etymology of the word intelligence one of the definitions states the ability to read something among other things . For example the Online Etymology Dictionary ANON_URLSITE_asserts that the origin of the word goes back to the union of inter between and legere pick up choose read . Learning to read is not an innate task but after much practice one is able to develop the skill. However how does one nurture and develop their brain How is it possible to improve skill reading between the lines Studying working and experiencing life in all its forms are three main ways by which it is possible to interact with the surrounding environment and reach the goal. Studying is perhaps the first approach to exercise the mind and expose it to new realities obligating the brain to find the right way. Studying implies the reaching of an objective as for example becoming able to write an essay. So it implies the need to answer questions. Maybe while an answer is being found out another question is encountered another question mark that needs to become a period but it isn't necessarily a problem. It could be a positive challenge. In fact the real goal of studying is hidden behind the reach of the skill. The real gain is in the entire dynamic process of learning in the whole series of questions answers and mistakes. Yes also mistakes are important components of the process. As one of my teachers said you can learn more from a mistake than from a correct answer. . The first time I heard this phrase I remember that I was very puzzled. What do I have to learn from a mistake Afterwards I understood. Sometimes the brain works in a way that is not always easy to control. When a mistake occurs you receive feedback and an incentive to find where your reasoning failed at which crossroad your mind took the wrong way. So studying finding answers reaching goals and making mistakes are the means to hone the mind and above all to build up the experience that is needed to find more complex answers. Like studying working helps the brain to increase its ability for reading among things . When you start a job you don't know how to complete your tasks or more specifically you don't know how to complete them in the best way wasting as little time as you can. This is not a fault it is an opportunity a chance to stimulate the brain. The more you cope with a problem the more you nurture your brain. Surfing the difficulties that a problem carries means seeing ways and improving the skills of predicting and inferring things even when they are more obscure. Some call this experience but I prefer to call it intelligence. In fact what is given by working experience is the ability to read in advance what will probably happen. By these predictions it is possible to avoid mistakes or to choose the track that will more likely lead to the goal. The best way to save time is not to waste time in other words to find a right and shorter way as soon as possible. From previous work experience you can learn something that could help you in reading among the specifics or the requests of your boss where and how to find the answers that you need. As it is true that working and studying help the growth of the brain so the experience achieved through everyday life works. In fact what is the oldest school in the world It is life isn't it Every single day there is something to learn from life even if you don't work or even if you have accomplished your education. Everyday we are embedded in scenarios that require us to make decisions. Even if these decisions are not always meaningful or even if these decisions don't imply big changes in our life they build our life experience. Relating the outcome of a verdict with the decision taken can highlight how our actions that influence our life. We can see life experience like a personal database a collection of relations between causes and effects that can leads our next process of decision making. However how does what is learned during life help intelligence The reason is ancient and belongs to our survival instinct. Learning as soon as possible how to examine life's events may distinguish who will survive from who will die who will win from who will lose. Day after day experience after experience it is possible to gain the means for reading and the next time how to predict the effects of a move. It is like a chess game and as you can become a better player game after game your intelligence can become better and better as you play your life game more. In conclusion we have the opportunity to hone the brain by studying working and experiencing life. Even if sometimes the idea of an innate intelligence seems to be correct simply having a look at the heritage that our ancestors left to us through language we can find a different answer to the dilemma between nature and environment about the most important component of the intelligence. The wisdom of our precursors suggests that intelligence is a special form of ability in reading and inferring meanings even when they are well hidden that can be learned just like the more common reading skills. Nature helps this process giving us in different ways and in different measures the basic ingredients of our intelligence. The personal efforts and the firm belief in the goal that could be attained by the decision to cope with challenges do the remaining and most important part of the process.
