How to Make the Internet Used Broadly In the past people said that someone who doesn't know how to read or write was ignorant today people say someone who doesn't know how to use the Internet is ignorant. Therefore it happens nowadays for someone who is very well educated to be an ignorant based upon this criterion. The Internet is a collection of interconnected computer networks linked by copper wires fiber optic cables and wireless connections. The Internet is fast becoming a basic feature of global civilization so that what has traditionally been called civil society is now becoming identical with information technology society. Making the Internet widely used is everyone responsibility from governments and companies to individuals. In order to ensure widespread use of Internet we need at least three major milestones to be done making it cheap available and getting people ready for it. Making the Internet cheap is the governments' responsibilities so everyone can afford it. Actually it is one of the recent challenges is to widespread the Internet among citizens. In order to achieve this the governments have to build a new solid infrastructure to support new technologies push the involved companies to lower the prices and encourage businesses to convert to E businesses by offering the services over the Internet for ease of accessibility plus other advantages like saving time and money and bringing society up to date by eliminating the digital divide. Having said that cheapness does not mean bad quality by any means! High speed Internet is essential and it is as important as exciting the Internet itself since some recent statistics talk about Internet congestion within two years with the current infrastructure. Accessing the Internet anytime anywhere and for anyone is what is called availability. Being able to access the Internet anytime means you can access it 24 hours 7 days a week while supporting the Internet from anywhere means to allow people to access it at last mile in addition to access it through different mediums such as dialup DSL cable TV and even by new wireless technology like WiFi or WiMax and anyone can access the Internet without any limitations. Availability is a big issue in many countries since some of their infrastructures are not ready yet and may need to start digging all over the cities. Availability in other words means diversity and redundancy so that in case of failure of one link the other will be ready immediately. For the Internet to get widely used being cheap and available are not enough though. People need to be familiar with it most Internet users tend to be young people but still all people must be involved in this matter. Some governments have started public programs and awareness campaign to get citizens used to the Internet by offering free computer courses or cheap PCs with free Internet connection. Other countries started new initiatives by supporting the portals contents to attract people to use the Internet offering all public services on the Internet either through their portals or by other companies. We can see today some tangible results of the Internet spreading everywhere so everyone finds his special world in the Internet. The Internet is an evolving technology in different areas and every day a new invention related to it is created. So to keep up with the latest technology we must catch up with the technology in the market since it is growing faster than any thing else. The three milestones of cheapness availability and readiness are continuing challenges in the world of the Internet which puts more and more duties on governments companies and individuals.
