Influences of the Internet How many hours a day do you spend on the Internet Have you even thought what you can do if you do not have the Internet I think no one can deny that the Internet has dramatically changed people's lives. Without the Internet people's lives must be boring or no fun. Nowadays people are relied on the Internet for fun work and relaxing. The Internet brings people the convenience to gather various information helps people deal with trifles and provides people with chances to contact friends easily and make different kinds of friends as well. First of all the Internet brings people the convenience to gather information. Before the development of the Internet people always looked up the information they needed in books journals magazines or newspapers. They might have to spend a lot of time finding the reference materials and also they might need to stay at libraries a whole day. Now however we just need to sit in front of computers and we can find out various information. For example I had a lot of assignments and papers during my university life. I always found the helpful materials online. I just typed what I need online and then related information would be displayed. The related information has many opinions of view which helps me to create new ideas. Due to the space the materials must be constrained at library. The materials at library are not so many as those on Internet. Therefore the Internet not only is easy to find various information but also saves people a lot of time. In addition the Internet helps people deal with trifles. People might be busy so they do not have much time to deal with the trifles in their life. Because of it more and more companies supply online service gradually. We can make a reservation online we can make payment online and we can shop online as well. For instance I need to deal with several bills every month. I change my paper bills to be electric bills if possible. After I got the bills I just need to make payments through the payment system of bank. The system will transfer the fee to the companies for me at the day I selected. I will not worry about which day is the due day and also I do not have to send the checks to companies every month. It also saves me money and time. At last the Internet provides people with opportunities to contact friends easily and make different kinds of friends. At present people are busy on working so that they overlook contacting their friends. Now people might be able to contact friends or get their friends' news through blogs or e mails. Even though people do not contact their friends often they still could share their pictures or life with their friends. Also the Internet can be used to facilitate new friends who have different backgrounds and cultures from you. People can meet other various people at chat rooms. They can share their different lives cultures and hobbies with each other. I like to browse the strangers' blogs when I have leisure time. I can experience their special cultures their ideas by reading their articles or diaries. Sometimes I left message to them and they replied to me. It is a good way to know the different friends. Making different friends is able to make people widen their minds and lives. Nowadays the Internet is used widely and people rely on it so much as well. It has already changed people's lives. First it is convenient people to gather various and wide information. People find out the information or materials online instead of at libraries. It could provide people with various information. Besides people can deal with trifles such as bills online. They do not have to worry about the due time. It saves people a lot of time and avoids a lot of troubles. In addition the Internet is a good tool for people to contact friends and make different kinds of friends. It is easier to keep touch with friends even if you do not meet him or her often. You can just send a brief email or leave a message. Also it is a good way to know the new friends. Making new friends can make people's lives become wider.
