Influence of the Internet How many hours a day do you spend on the Internet Have you even thought what you could do if you did not have the Internet I think no one can deny that the Internet has dramatically changed people's lives. Without the Internet people's lives would be boring. Nowadays people rely on the Internet for fun work and being relaxing. The Internet brings people the convenience to gather information helps people deal with problems and provides people chances to communicate with friends. First of all the Internet brings people the convenience to gather information. Before the development of the Internet people looked up the information they needed in books journals magazines or newspapers. They had to spend a lot of time finding the reference materials. Also they might need to stay at libraries a whole day. Now however we just need to sit in front of computers and we can find out various information. For example I had a lot of assignments and papers during my university life. I always found helpful materials online. I just typed what I needed online and then related information would be displayed. The related information had many opinions which helped me to create new ideas. Due to space materials are constrained at the libraries. The materials at libraries are not as many as those on the Internet. Therefore the Internet not only finds information easily but also saves people a lot of time. In addition the Internet helps people deal with problems. People might be busy so they do not have much time to deal with problems in their life. Because of this more and more companies supply online service gradually. We can make a reservation online we can make payments online and we can shop online as well. For instance I need to deal with several bills every month. I change my paper bills to be electric bills if possible. After getting the bills I just need to make payments through the online payment system of the bank. The system will transfer the fee to the companies for me the day I select. I will not worry about which day is the due date and also I do not have to send the checks to companies every month. It also saves me money and time. Last the Internet provides people with opportunities to contact friends easily and make different kinds of friends. At present people are so busy working that they overlook contacting their friends. Now people might be able to contact friends or get their friends' news through blogs or e mails. Even though people do not contact their friends often they still could share their pictures or life with their friends. Also the Internet can facilitate to make new friends who have different backgrounds and cultures from you. People can meet other various people in chat rooms. They can share their different lives cultures and hobbies with each other. I like to browse strangers' blogs when I have leisure time. I can experience their special cultures and their ideas by reading their articles or diaries. A few times I left messages for them and they replied to me. It is a good way to meet the different friends. Making different friends is being able to make people widen their minds and lives. Nowadays the Internet is used widely and people rely on it a lot as well. It has already changed people's lives. First it is a convenient way for people to gather various and diverse information. People can find out the information or materials online instead of at libraries. It also could save people a lot of time. Besides people can deal with problems such as bills online. They do not have to worry about the due date. It saves people a lot of time and avoids a lot of troubles. In addition the Internet is a good tool for people to keep in touch with friends and make different kinds of new friends. It is easier to keep in touch with friends even if you do not meet him or her often. You can just send a brief email or leave a message. Also it is a good way to make new friends. Making new friends can make people's lives become richer.
