The Effects of Electricity upon Human Society What do you think is the most valuable invention for the past few centuries Rosalie E. Leposky stated that a wave of electrical inventions dramatically changed the world as the 20th century progressed. In fact since Thomas Edison found out how to produce electricity the human amazingly has improved their cultures and qualities of life a lot and today people depend entirely upon electricity for most of their lives. There are three biggest and most important effects of electricity upon human life increasing riches making life more convenient and improving human health. First of all the human became rich as nowadays by using electricity. People began to use electric bulb soon after use electricity and using electricity helped them use night time which they couldn't help spending for sleeping before. People could work far more than the past with this as a necessary consequence they could own more riches than in the past. The invention of electricity also promoted the Industrial Revolution and those made machines produce a great number of materials at the same time. This caused rise of average income of the human. As a result most people of today don't need to worry about their food clothing and shelter. They just think about how to become richer than now. Second electricity made life for humans more convenient. People had pursued the study of electricity and finally found out how to produce electric energy. From then they have been able to enjoy convenience. For example they devised the electric heater and air conditioner so that they could live comfortably all through the seasons. People also didn't have to work hard as the past because electric machines work instead of them. In case of traffic many kinds of vehicles were invented such as the automobile motorcycle train ship and airplane in the communicational aspect all sorts of machines of communication including the telephone were invented. Furthermore improvement of the study of electricity led to the Informational Revolution. All of these things made the world smaller got people in the world closer each other and got anyone can have all the information whenever the person want. Finally electricity has made the human get healthier and healthier. Invention of electricity has improved various areas of science especially the medical science. The machine which effects the development of the medical science was a computer. The computer was naturally used in human daily life but it was used to develop the practical science. The development of the medical science produced many kinds of useful machines such as MRI Magnetic resonance Imaging CT Computer Tomography and they have contributed to save numbers of lives. Added to this the development of the medical science from the invention of electricity has lengthened the average length of life of the human. As you can see electricity has influenced human society in the various beneficial aspects since it was invented. Because electricity is used in almost all parts of human life most human societies must be going to be functionally disordered without it. In addition the importance of electricity as a replaceable energy is getting bigger and bigger as resources in the earth are drained. In conclusion sustaining development of electric technology will continue to make human societies affluent as it has done.
