The Effects of Electricity upon Human Society What do you think is the most valuable invention since the past few centuries Rosalie E. Leposky stated that a wave of electrical inventions dramatically changed the world as the 20th century progressed. In fact since Thomas Edison found out how to produce electricity the human amazingly has improved their cultures and quality of life a lot. Today people depend entirely upon electricity for most of their lives. Three of the most important effects of electricity upon human life are increasing riches making life more convenient and improving human health. First of all humans became rich by using electricity. People began to use electric light bulbs soon after the use of electricity and using electricity helped them use night time which they couldn't help using only for sleeping before. People could work far more than in the past with this and finally they could own more riches than in the past. The invention of electricity also promoted the Industrial Revolution which made machines produce a great number of materials at the same time. This caused a rise of average income. As a result most people today don't need to worry about their food clothing and shelter. They just think about how to become richer. Second electricity made life for humans more convenient. People pursued the study of electricity and finally found out how to produce electric energy. Since then they have been able to enjoy convenience. For example they devised the electric heater and air conditioner so that they could live comfortably all through the seasons. People also didn't have to work as hard as in the past because electric machines work instead of them. In the case of traffic many kinds of vehicles were invented such as the automobile motorcycle train ship and airplane. In the communicational aspect all sorts of machines of communication including the telephone were invented. Furthermore improvement of the study of electricity led to the Informational Revolution. All of these things made the world smaller got people in the world closer each other and made it so that anyone can have all the information whenever the person wants. Finally electricity has made people get healthier and healthier. The invention of electricity has improved various areas of science especially the medical sciences. The machine which effected the development of the medical science was a computer. The computer was naturally used in daily life but it was used to develop practical science. The development of medical science produced many kinds of useful machines such as MRI Magnetic Resonance Imaging CT Computer Tomography and they have contributed to save numbers of lives. Added to this the development of medical science from the invention of electricity has lengthened the average life span of humans. In conclusion electricity has influenced human society in rich convenient and healthy aspects since it was invented. Because electricity is used in almost all parts of human life most societies must be functionally disordered without it. In addition the importance of electricity as a replaceable energy is getting bigger and bigger as resources in the earth are drained. Sustaining the development of electric technology will continue to make human societies more affluent just as it has done in the past.
