The Greatest Inventions in the Twentieth Century Computers and Internet You've got mail! You just checked it from your computer through the Internet. Can you imagine life without computers and the Internet When we talk about what the greatest inventions are in the twentieth century different people usually have different answers. I think computers and the Internet are the greatest inventions in the twentieth century. Although the basic function of the computer is computing and the basic function of the Internet is to connect they have changed our lives greatly in many ways such as computing communication and also entertainment. First of all computers and the Internet have changed computing ways from paper and manual labor to computers and online. Before the invention of computer so much computing had been done only by manual labor on paper. Nowadays we can do lots of computing work quickly and easily by using computers. You can create documents and edit them easily on a computer. Before the invention of the Internet you could not share data as easily as today through the Internet. Now you can share data easily through the Internet. You can do research on the Internet. Also we can do some tremendous computations at different locations all around the world through the Internet. The method has been changed and speed has been great accelerated. What the greatest inventions the computer and the Internet are! Secondly computers and the Internet have changed communication ways. In the information age computers and the Internet are the key nowadays you can use web meeting and web cameras to make better communications. Computers and the Internet allow us to stay in touch with people who live on the other side of the street the country or even the world. Computers and the Internet give you access to the world. You can email your friends. You can read news on some website. You can attend some meeting and conference just sitting in your home through the web meeting. You can know everything that happened without even walking a foot. Computers and the Internet give us great convenience. How could this happen without computers and the Internet Finally computers and the Internet have also changed our means of entertainment. There are a lot of computer games and on line games. You can enjoy the music you love on a computer. You can watch sports games you love which may take place in another country through the Internet. If you want to see a performance you can check online where and when the performance will be presented and also can book in advance and order tickets through the Internet using a computer. If you want to see a movie you can just sit at home turn on your computer connecting to the Internet search a movie and then download to your computer or just watch the movie on your computer without leaving your home. Depending on the computer and the Internet our lives' quality can improve greatly. Could you imagine life without computers and the Internet Since the invention of computers and the Internet there are so many things that have changed. We can live easily and in high quality with them. It's really hard to imagine life without computers and the Internet. Computers and the Internet have changed our computing communication and entertainment ways greatly and have improved our quality of life tremendously. In short nobody can deny that computers and the Internet are the greatest inventions in the twentieth century.
