Computer Game Computer game is a computer program which people use when they have time or need some rest. Computer game can help people to have fun and relax whereas computer game can make people who play too much more concentrate and long times have more stress. There are many kinds of computer game strategy game sports game action game puzzles game adventure game and simulation game. A programmers who build the game want people get some useful from their games. There are a lot of benefits when we play the games. First when we interested in games we can learn about new technology which programmers used for creating game because they are trying to build games which are not real but look sound and feel as real while we are playing games. While we are playing game we can improve a lot of skills. Strategy game such as War Craft Battlefield or Command Conquer helps players think systematically because these games are war game so they need to be a clever commander while their army is fighting in battle field. This kind of game also helps them improve in language skill because there are movies that tell them about the goals in each mission so they have to listen understand and solve how to reach the mission's goal. Furthermore simulation game such as The Sim City or The Sims 2 also helps players know about economics and can manage their limitable resources. Human have many imaginations in their life. Most of them want to change their life or do something that they cannot do in real life. That is a thing that game creators know and they want to respond this desire so they can build many kinds of game. Some people want to be a good racer in Grand Prix or a good manager in restaurant. In addition some people want to have a strong army or a warm family. As a result varieties of game are launched from game's producer all the time. For example The Sims 2 a popular simulation computer game just has a new expansion which called Pets . We can play as a person who lives in a city and can control its life style which we want. We can buy pets feed them and teach them everything which we want or we can go to party with our friend and make a relationship with someone. These look like we live in real life and can do anything that we want. For this reason The Sims 2 is a very popular and famous computer game. On the contrary there is one kind of computer game that is created by organization to let people know about some problems which are happening in the world. Food Force is conceived and developed by the World Food Program which is a frontline agency for fighting world hunger. Food Force was released as a free internet download on ANON_URLSPAGE_WFP in April 2005 to teach young people about the problem of global hunger and what humanitarian organizations do to fight it. Exceeding all expectations the game now has nearly 4 million players world wide and is considered cool among the 8 14 year old gaming sector in nearly 200 countries. No other game of its kind has had this much success in terms of number of players and widespread awareness Justin Roche a WFP's Food Force project manager said. However computer games are useful for people in many ways but they can give bad effect to people who play computer game seriously for long time. That makes them concentrate on their playing all the time. Some people who spend all the time with computer game sometimes cannot distinguish between games and real world.
