Nature and Nurture Which nature and nurture contributes most to the intelligence of human beings The nature and nurture debate has been a never ending issue for writers and educators. Regarding this issue we can find historical examples. In the sixteenth century philosophers were divided into two groups the empirical school Nurture represented by Locke Hume and Mill and the continental naturists Nature like Hobbes Rousseau and Kant. From the whole twentieth century until now it has been popular that humans acquire all or almost all their behavioral traits from nature. However recently adoption and twin studies performed by behavioral geneticists show that nurture does not effectively explain the variance for most traits of humans. Admittedly some prodigies help people to consider the possibility of generic effects. Nevertheless is it claimed that the intelligence of human beings is completely decided by their natural genes If these prodigies had no education or no learning could they keep their talent or intelligence On the contrary if they are trained and educated can all people be geniuses Considering these debates and studies we could believe that both nurture and nature play an important role in our intelligent development. First education could be considered as the factor of intelligence. As English empirical educationist and philosopher John Locke postulated that the human mind was a blank slate known as tabula rasa education or learning could be a factor influencing the formation of intelligence. Additionally according to the research performed by the University of Zurich 2003 the Korean has the highest IQ in the world. When we consider the result of this research and the highest rate of literacy and the higher education fever of Korea we can draw the possibility of the correlationship between IQ and education. More specifically the educational fact can be divided into two parts the contents of education and the moment of education. Regarding these two options we can think about the intellectual ability of elementary school students being different from that of university students. This intellectual difference probably results from the different educational curriculum which is designed to provide appropriate information according to the social development of human beings. According to Erik H. Erikson Jewish German developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst the environment in which a child lived was crucial to providing growth adjustment a source of self awareness and identity. Therefore it could be alleged that the intelligence of humans is changeable and intelligence is shaped by the conditions of nurture like the contents of education and the moment of education. Second it might be suggested that nature is the other factor of intelligence. Although the traditional idea and many theories have added weight to the importance of nurture some recent research provides meaningful evidence presenting the importance of nature. In order to remove the ambiguousness between nurture and nature behavioral geneticists performed the adoption and twin studies. These studies indicated that family environmental factors may influence childhood IQ accounting for up to a quarter of the variance and by late adolescence this correlation disappears. Also these studies indicated adoptive siblings have no more similarity in IQ than strangers. As another evidence for the impact of nature the argument of Judith Harris may be mentioned. According to her Pulitzer Prize nominated book The Nurture Assumption nurture does not effectively explain the variance for most traits in the general population of the United States. These studies and theories illustrate the restrictive effects of nurture and thus emphasize the expanded role of nature in human intelligence. Consequently it can be said that the intelligence of humans is under generic features and thereby nature contributes to shaping the intelligence of humans. In conclusion based on these datum mentioned above we can say that both nurture and nature contribute to humans' intelligence and these two factors are not independent each other. Therefore as the answer to the question which nature or nurture is more influential to humans' intelligence we can refer to Donald Hebb a famous psychologist who said which contributes more to the area of a rectangle its length or its width
