Friendship Never End One of the most important things that changed my life is that I went to China Medical University and lived with 9 roommates for 5 years. They are my classmates best friends and sisters. I learned a lot of things from this experience. Like most children in China I am the only child in my family. I had never lived with someone who was my age before I left home for college. In that 5 years I learned what is sharing what is helping and what is love for whole life. . Sharing is difficult but it is the most magical thing in the world. It brings you more than you give. Before I left home I'd never really shared anything with other people. I am the princess of my parents. They bought me almost everything I wanted. I didn't need to give my toys or books to a younger brother or sister. What was my was mine. However things became different when I began to live in the dormitory. When one of my roommates gave some fruit to me I felt so strange and happy. I knew she wanted to be friendly and I was supposed to give something back but it just felt so difficult to do that. Actually I was not the only one that had this problem. After one year things became better. I began to like sharing especially when I got some really good things. For instance When my Mom sent me a lot of chocolate for my birthday the first thing in my mind was I wanted everyone to feel the love from my Mom. I shared the present from my Mom immediately and became much happier. That five years are unforgettable because I found my second family. When I began to treat my friends as my family members I hoped they never get hurt and I wanted to help them whenever they needed. I still remember the night when one of my roommates was sent to the hospital because of appendicitis. I was so afraid. The other 8 girls and I spent the whole night in the hospital and just wanted to make sure that everything was good. When the hospital told us that the surgery required 3000 RMB deposit otherwise they can't do it we paid it immediately because we knew the life of my friend is more important than money. We didn't even think about if she could pay it back at that moment although we knew her family was poor. In five years there were many times that someone was sick but no one felt nervous or sad because there were always 9 lovely girls who really loved her and wanted to take care of her. The love between my friends and I never ended even when I left China. After coming to the United States I missed them so much. Actually on the day when I graduated I didn't feel that sad. Maybe it is because in my heart I hadn't accepted the truth that we wouldn't see each other in a long time. Apparently it looked like a normal vacation when we said goodbye to each other but one month later we reunite again. However when I got home and thought that I may never see some of them again I cried a lot. Now I write to them frequently and hope that one day I can see them again. Five years is too short for me to be with nine good friends. I learned sharing helping and love from them which I can't learn from books. They helped me to grow up. Although I don't have any siblings I am luckier to have nine sisters. From the bottom of my heart I believe my friendship will never end.
