Friendship Never End One of the most important things that changed my life is that I went to China Medical University and Lived with 9 roommates for 5 years. They are my classmates best friends and sisters. I learned a lot of things from this experience. Like most children in China I am the only child in family. I had never lived with someone who is in my age before I left home for college. In that 5 years I learned what is sharing what is helping and what is love. Sharing is difficult but it is the most magical thing in the world. It brings you more than you give. Before I left home I'd never really share something with other people. I am the princess of my parents. They bought me almost everything I wanted. I don't need to give my toys or books to a younger brother or sister. What is my is mine. However things become different since I began to live in dormitory. When one of my roommates gave some fruits to me I felt so strange and happy. I knew she may want to be friendly and I was supposed to give something back but I just felt so hard to do that. Actually I was not the only one that had this problem. After one year things became better. I began to like sharing especially when I got some really good things. For instant When my Mom sent me a lot of chocolate because of my birthday the first thing in my mind was I want everyone feel the love from my Mom. I shared the present from my Mom immediately and became much happier. The five years is forgettable because I found my second family. When I began to treat my friends as my family member I hope they never get hurt and I want to help them whenever they need. I still remember the night when one of my roommates was sent to the hospital because of appendicitis. I was so afraid. The other 8 girls and me spent the whole night in the hospital and just want to make sure that everything is good. When the hospital told us that the surgery needs 3000 deposit otherwise they can't do it. We paid it immediately because we knew the life of friend is more important than money. We even didn't think about if she can pay it back at that moment although we know her family is poor. In five years there are many times that someone was sick but no one felt nervous or sad because there are always 9 lovely girls who really loved her and wanted to take care of her. The love between my friends and me never end even I left China. After coming to the United States I missed them so much. Actually on the day when I graduated I didn't feel that sad. Maybe because in my heart I hadn't accepted the truth that we wouldn't see each other in a long time. Apparently it looked like a normal vacation that we said goodbye to each other but 1 month later we reunion again. However when I got home and thought that I may never see some of them again I cried a lot. Now I write to them frequently and hope that one day I can see them again. Five years is too short for me to be with 9 good friends. I learned a lot of things from them which I can't learn from book. They helped me to grow up. Although I don't have any siblings I am luckier to have 9 sisters. In the deep of my heart I believe my friendship will never end.
