Global Warming In the greenhouse plants can live even though outside weather is winter. If greenhouse wall is made by glass of plastic solar heat can pass to ground or air of earth. That solar heat makes plants to grow. This a phenomenon also presents in earth. This phenomenon called greenhouse effects . Solar heat comes to air and makes earth's surface warmly. When the surface becomes warm this heat also makes air warmly so that we can live in good climate condition. In atmosphere the thing that absorbs this kind of heat is greenhouse gas . We have many greenhouse gas like vapor CO2 CFC Chlorofluorocarbon and etc. Recently because of increase of these gases global warming occurs. Global warming is a phenomenon that surface of earth's average climate becomes growing. It has many reasons and one of them is CFC that used on air conditioner spray and refrigerator. CFC is a very stable substance so when it goes up to ozone layer it can't resolve. Instead it destroys ozone layer which intercepts ultraviolet rays. If ultraviolet rays come to earth directly except filtering on ozone layer it will raise many problems. Dr. Mario Molina who gets Nobel Prize because of ozone layer's study said that ozone layer makes ultraviolet rays to intercept. Also Ultraviolet rays make many effects to living things including human. It makes skin burning and if it continues it'll be reason of skin cancer. Also it can damage to corps he said. Another important reason of global warming is increasing CO. After Industrial revolution happened amount of COincreased. Because we use oil and coal for materials almost time. Ordinary a forest consumes CO. But for many years a forest is ruined so that it can't consume many amount of CO now. In this way CO in atmosphere increased and held heat for a ling time. Following a study they said that temperature of earth rises to 6 for 20 centuries. In 2005 it was second hottest year in earth's whole history. The temperature was 5 more than average of other years. If temperature goes up more and more it makes many problems of ecosystem. For instance a glacier can melt so that sea level will be going up. And climate change can be different severely. Finally a tropical disease can happen everywhere. To prevent these many problems the most important thing is our efforts. We should try to reduce our increasing greenhouse gas .
