ELECTROMAGNETIC WAVES EXIST ANYWHERE Due to the number of people using cell phones more and more people begin to care much what electromagnetic waves are and whether electromagnetic waves affect human bodies. Someone even sees them as monsters which are the product from the modern technologies and attempts to escape from them. Unfortunately there is a surprising fact that everyone is surrounded and is being passed by a number of electromagnetic waves anytime and anywhere except living in a deep cave or a completely closed chamber if possible. Before human beings appeared there were already them in the universe. Actually they are not so horrible after knowing them and understanding how to treat them. An electromagnetic wave is a format of energy having a frequency and propagating in the electromagnetic field. It is a kind of qualities of natural phenomena. Every electromagnetic wave has a specific frequency and wavelength a size of radio wave. Based on different wavelength it has an ability of broadcasting its power over different distances. People can not see them feel their existence and even touch them but observe them only via equipment. The light of the sun for instance composed of a set of electromagnetic waves with a variety of frequencies. If the sunlight passes through a prism the colored lights human can see will appear. Compared to the electromagnetic wave used on a cell phone because the wavelengths of the sunlight are much shorter than that of the cell phone it can not pass through materials very well. Therefore there is no sunlight in the basement while the cell phone can receive signal. Since scientists found the characters of electromagnetic waves they have been inventing a lot of electronic equipment to make human life more convenient such as microwave ovens cellular phones and radars. People gain the advantage of electromagnetic waves. At the same time some scientists are experimenting on the effect of using it to animals and plants. Scientists point because exposing animals and plants to a large amount of the energy of electromagnetic waves could cause the genes mutating many countries make up a lot of kinds of standards FCC NPC CE etc. To restrict the level of energy on every kind of equipment in order to protect the environment human beings live. National Council on Radiation Protection and Measurements NCRP reported that the electromagnetic waves could cause the change of the human behaviors. Some researchers explain they even avoid seeds germinating. Although until now there is no powerful evidence supporting how serious it is if people use the equipment which produces electromagnetic waves under the restriction by these standards some ways are recommended to lessen the damage to human beings. First for the high power of electronic appliances or equipment such as microwaves hot plates when they are turned on keep them away a distance. Don't live near high power electricity lines because the high level electricity could radiate high power electromagnetic waves from the cable. For using a cell phone if possible avoid holding it on to talk. Instead it is better to do so via a connected phone line or a piece of wireless equipment and do not talk too long. In reality electromagnetic waves exist anywhere human beings live. Because they can pass through most of materials it is impossible to find an environment without electromagnetic waves. What we can do is to avoid ourselves to expose in the adverse environment where there are the sources producing high electromagnetic power. There is extra information according to the research about electromagnetic waves in the websites such as Word Health Organization Science Magazine IEEE Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc. .
