Smoking addiction Generally smoking Addiction is a person who cannot stop the smoking or may be it is difficult to quit smoking the tobacco. Most people who smoke cigarettes cannot leave their feelings toward the cigarettes. However it depends about how you started smoking especially in the first place. For instance if someone you like died in an accident you might start smoking after that. Starting smoking in these cases might cause you a lot of harm such as wasting money addiction and losing your life for nothing. Therefore if you did not start smoking yet do not even think about but if you have already started smoking you really should try to think how to quit now. Every thing in this life has advantage and disadvantage. However the only advantage of the smoking is to relax and be social with the smokers. In the other hand the main disadvantages of the smoking are wasting money and killing your self. There are some differences between the smokers and people who do not smoke. People who do not smoke enjoy by good healthy and even some of them sometimes do exercises to remove the extra fat. In contrast smokers who cannot stop smoking they will die 10 to 15 years earlier than they would have died from other causes . In my opinion you really have to think about it before you get inside this depression. In fact it depends on you. If you start doing something and you cannot get ride of or you will not be able to stop this thing it is going to cost you a lot. Although of wasting a lot of money and you will have a bad healthy. Addiction with these kinds of drugs can be difficult effort to stop this problem that you made it by yourself. In fact the numbers of this people who stop smoking is still low Most people try to quit smoking several times before they're successful. Only 2. 5 Percent of smokers successfully quit each year . In additional a few people who used to smoke realize how Sources http ANON_URLSPAGE_dangerous this drugs in the body. Without a doubt nobody would die earlier than their normal age if they notice who risky this drugs. People like to life longer in their currently life especially if you have a nice life a nice family and a nice house. Some people realize how the life is nice not money or appearance can effort you this wish. Furthermore a lot of people cannot think in the same way those others can think about it. This means if you were has a nice job and a nice healthy you might think in different way that who does not have a job as yours or may have a bad healthy I think he is going to think in different way. If you really cannot give up to smoke or find it difficult to reach that goal you should try to reduce your smoking and think about your body that you will destroyed it if you are keeping continue to smoke. However if you want to stop smoking you should choose the time and the day that you are going to stop. Then you should try to keep a way from the smokers which it is the most point that you have to think about it. After this if you were still thinking about you might chewing gum or other aids to keep your brain away from thinking about smoking. Your future depends about you and your healthy. If you have a bad healthy it is going to effect on you future. Smoking is not a difficult effort to quit especially you have already known about it. There are a lot of things that important for to think about it such as money and your healthy. Also your time is much important for you than other things. Reaching this goal can be much easier if you realize how important your life that other things.
