What makes a movie flop Oddly enough a book that sold more than sixty five million copies all over the world translated in forty four languages and a record on the bestseller list has generated a movie flop. This has been the result of the phenomenal outstanding success of Dan Brown's most famous best seller The Da Vinci Code. How could this have happened How could a cult story not assure the same success to the most eagerly awaited movie of the year What really causes a movie flop There is a primary and seemingly easy question what is a flop Although the most common meaning of a flop is a financial failure compared to the producer's expectations it could include apart from the economic aspect an image failure that involves the director and the whole team. A flops can generally be said to misjudge the public mood. A movie flop could be caused by the quality of the movie a lack of recognition of the director and cast a mistake in budget planning or a wrong promotional campaign. In this respect it might be interesting to analyze the unique case of the movie version of the Brown's novel. It could be considered a total fiasco a failure at the box office with critics and audience. Because of the difficulty of the task I think that a good way to proceed it might be to examine its elements. As for the story and the source of inspiration I believe that the enormous success of the novel revealed by the millionaire profit on the sale doesn't need to say more suiting totally the audience tastes. And its extraordinary he success spared no expense. The traditional Hollywood saying is the most you spend the most you earn . It has been the most expensive movie of the year two millions of dollars only for the production. For the sets Howard went so far as to rent the Louvre Museum for fourteen days spending forty thousand dollars a day. Only the shooting in the museum raised the badget of more than five hundred thousand dollars. As for the shooting in studio 150 painting copies were commissioned. Besides of that despite the lack of special effects there was the director's ambitious project of making more than four hundred shots only for flashbacks. And the dear cast is the best on American and France markets Tom Hanks Ian Mckellen Alfred Molina Jean Reno e Audrey Tatou. They are all first class actors star of recent successful movies. The other and last fundamental ingredient to success is an effective promotional campaign. After the hit of the book The Da Vinci Code was regarded as the most eagerly awaited movie of the year. Regardless of the unnecessariness of a big advertising campaign the investments in promotion were no less than a blockbuster. Moreover an entirely unique element helped the movie advertising campaign the much discussed issue risen by the religious circles. In spite of all that at the fifty nineth edition of Cannes Festival where the movie was presented as the opening event the projection finished with no applause. The day after serious criticism appeared on the magazines. From that moment the movie turned out to be a flop. Why The most likely reason is that the product didn't live up to the feelings created through the promotional campaign often referred to as hype. However the mismatch between audience expectations and reality is very frequent when a director makes a film out of a novel especially if the book is a good one it's so rare that the director's and the moviegoer's sensations felt during the reading fit together. Going to watch a movie like this means to look at the novel through an out sider's eyes and often the director's figment of imagination didn't match with the audience's one. If the director instead of creating another book inspired but different work tries to dramatize the novel for the screen the result is almost always disappointment. The reasons of a flop depend undoubtedly on the case every flop movie has its causes. They could be several and sometimes difficult to find but a right way to investigate them is analyzing the constituents elements described herein. There must be a real reason that didn't arouse the audience's interest and curiosity. As for my curiosity I'm look forward to watching how Howard get through the adaptation of the other successful Brown's novel Angels and Demons which should be released the current year.
