Have you ever bought anything on line If yes then you are involved in the circle of e business. Since computers and the Internet have been invented our lives and world are changed tremendously. E business is one of the biggest transformations in the business market. Unavoidably it brought some effects into our lives. There are four major effects of practicing e business changing the trading customs binging companies and customers closer together making the interaction between business and buyers become much better and making your shopping more personalized. First of all e business changes the customs we buy things. There are more and more virtual stores stores without physical storefront on line. For example the biggest virtual bookstore ANON_URLSITE_changes the way people buy books. Before we could only go to a bookstore and buy books. But now we can just stay at home use our computers go to ANON_URLSITE_click on books we want to buy and few days later the books will be sent to us directly. Secondly it shortens the distance between companies and customers. Before you can only buy things in your country however you can buy almost everything from all over the world on line now. For instance when I was in Taiwan I could use my computer and credit card to buy things sold in the United States. Although it took much more time and more expensive I can buy things without going to the US. Furthermore it makes the interaction between business and customers become much better than used to be. When you had any questions or problems need to be solved you could only write a letter to the company and wait for a long time for a response. With e business you can have two way communication or talk to and get responses from the company instantaneously. For example when you want to buy something at ANON_URLSITE_you can communicate with sellers directly and vice versa. Lastly e business can also make your shopping more personalized. For instance I am a member of a Taiwanese virtual shopping store and I did shopping once. Then they memorized my shopping customs and preferences. The next time I log in the website they show some items that I might like. This can make your shopping easier. To summarize e business has been influenced the business market and our lives thoroughly. There is no way for us to change this new situation. Consequently let's enjoy your shopping on line!
