Two Faces Of The Same Coin What is the best way to look at something Is it better to have a wide and comprehensive vision or is it better to have a selective and focused one Actually the answer to this question comes from a complete understanding of the main characteristics of the object under observation. In Electronics there are two different views that lead to two different approaches one that is more general and one that is more specific. However in this context general stands for wide open comprehensive point of view it doesn't mean superficial. The main areas in which it is possible to investigate these two points of views are education work and the whole market of products and services. With regards to education especially in Europe a general and theoretical approach to a subject is more common than a focused approach. Differently from the typical education system founds in the United States in Europe the universities try to forge a sense of professionalism and tying together a strong background in the basic subjects of a profession. This different philosophy found in Europe makes a distinction from a more focused and work oriented American programs. Furthermore more than preparing young people to manage the common work situations via the study of practical problems the European universities try to teach the means on how to find answers. Moreover there is a new trend in the European educational system which is trying to evolve and to adapt its consolidated method of teaching in a more modern method that is quite similar to the American system. This change is influencing the education in Engineering too thus influencing all the branches that are fields of engineering such as electronics. For example in Italy the change consists of coupling a three year degree which is comparable to a Bachelor's degree and a two year Master's program . Usually the first degree in Electronic Engineering gives a well structured base on Mathematics Physics and the main subjects related to the Electronics. The second degree is more focused on a particular field of application even though there is still a willingness to maintain a general approach to the problems. Looking at programs that are equivalent to the American educational tracks it is clear that the specific point of view prevails for all the duration of the program. For example all the subjects are selected with a direct purpose that would prepare the students for a specific field of application in the Electronics environment. This fact leads for sure to a better understanding of the dynamics and the problems related to the specific area and so it can be more useful for the direct impact with the work's environment. In other words the trend in Europe is almost generic while in America it seems to be more specific. However looking at the wide spectrum of job opportunities and applications related to the field of Electronics throughout the world an education that is directed upon achieving a more general view of the problems while at the same time giving the means for further analysis seems to be the best way. The other view point of this reasoning is that with a general approach it is difficult to breakdown a problem at work directly. There tends to be a minimum time of experience that is needed to fill in the practical lacks. Notwithstanding when there are the correct means it shouldn't be so difficult to complete the professional track. Most of all the main advantage of a general point of view in education is in the priority that is given to the fundamentals of subjects that open the mind and make it easier to add other skills. In reference to the Electronics' work environment it is possible to recognize two main differences of approach to a project a more general approach and a more specific one. In particular the general way refers to the organization of an electronic system viewing it as the means to implement specified function by the implementation of a complex structure. Usually a system results from the assembling of a certain number of different components that implement a macro function all the components cooperate as a singular big device. To build up one of these systems it would be required that there is a minimal knowledge of the singular parts but most of all there is a requirement in the ability of dominate a wide range of problems. For example two main problems could be the timing of the operations among every single part and the correct communication between two connected sub systems. Generally the problems belong to more than one specific area so it would be better to have a generic approach supported by the understanding of how every single component works. To project a system could be similar to direct an orchestra the director has to know his musicians but most of all has to know when and how each musician has to take part in the concert. On the hand we have a specific approach by which it is possible to investigate accurately a single field of application of the Electronics. For example this approach tends to give good insights in digital transmission computer science or a fabrication of devices. This very focused track of a single specialization creates a highly specialized but confined professionalism. In fact the field of Electronics is in continuous evolution and it will be changing as far as science will continue to progress. Assuming that technological advances continue to occur it would be better to achieve as many skills as possible trying to focus on a more general and fundamental basis adding at the same time the specific skills that from time to time are needed to complete a project. Even if it's more difficult to find a difference in it also in the whole market of products and services that could be categorized as Electronics there is a generic point of view and a specific one. Actually the market of products and services is the outcome of any kind of research study or investment that is related to the Electronics. So in this market we can find most of all the results of the efforts that a generic or a specific approach had implied. Analyzing the electronic products and services it's possible to notice clearly that most of all the products with a high added value belong to a wider point of view. An example of this kind of approach is the I Pod. This music player is capable of storing more than one kind of music format and is able to store 160 GB of data in the newest versions. However there are also other features such as complete software with an easy and useful graphic interface a special protocol of communication with all computers a high performance battery et cetera. Looking over this abridged list of the main characteristics even if not all the terminology will be clear for everybody it is possible to notice that the list is composed of things that belong to different fields of studies such as memory devices software developing digital communication and electrical engineering . In each category there are specific and well focused skills required in order to reach high performance results. For example a memory device that is able to store 160 GB of data. However a better insight into the problem can show that even if a single high performance device could be a great goal for sure a system that results from the collection of more high performance structures is a great success. The market needs high performance single components as well as high level complex systems since both of them cooperate in improving the condition and the lifestyle of everyone. In conclusion there are three main areas in which it is possible to find evidence of the general versus the specific approach to Electronics. These three areas are education the work environment and the whole market of services and products. Starting from the consideration of how complex and changing the world of Electronics is the best way to investigate the subject and build a career in this field seems to be the one that focuses on a general point of view. The goal of a more general approach is to give and reinforce the fundamentals that can give direction towards the comprehension of crucial dynamics of an Electronics environment. The continuous process of education which following the university can lead to a successful career through work experience allows one to gain the specific means to approach problems that belong to more than one area. If adding skills on a well based structure does not seem to be very difficult maybe attempting to do the contrary could be more difficult and less successful.
