The Effects of 'High Food Mileage' Just after 9 11 many restaurants in New York encountered with an arduous and unexpected situation shortage of food supply. Because of the suspension of traffic the supply of food from the outer area was blocked. However ironically the New York state is a famous agricultural state which has vast agricultural land and plenty fisheries. This situation shows us the hidden aspect of global food trading system. A lot of food travels long distance although they do not have to be. Some scholars such as Brian Halweil a senior researcher of WORLDWATCH Institute explain this situation in the terms of 'Food Mileage'. Food mileage refers to the distance that food travels from producing area to consuming area. This is a new concept that represents the global environmental aspect of food. Nowadays food mileage is becoming higher and higher. Imagine apples in any grocery market. They might be beautifully shiny. However many of these apples were polished in the Republic of South Africa. Only for the 'shiny appearance' the apples uselessly traveled almost half of the world. Higher food mileage can cause some negative influences to global environment society and economy. There are three serious effects of high food mileage difficulty of controlling the food quality waste of every and economical absurdity. High food mileage causes troubles in controlling food quality and safety. It is natural that the longer distance food travels the less safety of food is expected. Because long traveled food has to survive for long time they need special treatment such as some chemicals or even genetic engineering. Recently in Japan dumplings from China were revealed to contain some agricultural chemicals. This kind of problems often leads the troubles in diplomatic relationships between countries. In addition some kinds of tomato are genetically modified only for the longer resistance not for the better quality. High food mileage inevitably causes waste of time waste of money and waste of energy because high food mileage means that food travels long distance. Of course it is often necessary to import or export food countries to countries. However in many cases food trading with high mileage is not necessary. For instance the U. K. Imports milk from other countries and exports almost the same amounts of milk to other countries. The U. S. Imports cookies from Denmark and Denmark imports cookies from the U. S. This is just a zero sum game that wastes tremendous energy. The most serious problem of this ridiculous situation increasing of high mileage food is that it accelates global warming very much. As we know global warming is stimulated by emitting of greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide. The tremendous transportation of food lead tremendous emitting of carbon dioxide. Moreover high food mileage can play a very harmful role to stimulate the economic absurdity the monopoly of global food market by some multinational companies and some negative side effects of this monopoly. As mentioned above although it is not necessary global food exchange is becoming wider and wider. The higher food mileage requires the consumers to spend much money. The biggest victim of this situation is often producer. The money consumers spend does not go to the farmers. Instead of farmers some multinational companies make vast profit by monopolizing transport processing wrapping and selling. For example Cargill one of the biggest food companies in the world is monopolizing almost 80 of the global trading of grains. The problem is that they try to control the whole grain market as they want. They enforce farmers to use specific seed. If a farmer uses other seed he cannot sell any of his production. Through this monopoly this company can take a lot of profit. Nowadays we are eating the food from all over the world. In other words the food we eat traveled thousands of miles to reach our tables. May this food be healthy Well maybe yes maybe no. Even though the food is good for human health because it is organic or safely treated it can be unhealthy for our environment society and economy. For this reason many people worry about these troubles caused by high food mileage. What can we do to solve this problem One possible alternative is the 'Local Food Movement'. It is an environmental movement insists on eating local food. This movement means every kind of practical activity such as direct trading between farmers and consumers providing local food to school. Indeed some schools in the U. K. And the U. S. Began to use local food instead of high mileage food. With our continuous efforts our meals and environment can be healthier.
