Writing 5s February 24 2008 Plane Changed Our Lives When you want to go to another city what is the first thing that comes to you mind. It must be 'I need to get a plane ticket'. You cannot imagine a life without plane. A businessman may say 'I spend most of my time on planes'. In old time people use trains boats or horses while in modern society we can't survive without planes. What planes bring us were convenience global business and safety. Since plane were invented people can go to almost anywhere in a very short time. It is unbelievable convenient. Before there were planes people spent months to cross ocean by steamer. We all know how danger the ocean is and how helpless people will be when they are trapped in a storm. Even they finally crossed the ocean they may get lost already. Imagining the first people that found the American I have to say they are so lucky that after months or years on the sea they found what they needed successfully. Unfortunately not everyone had that luck. I believe travelling across the sea to see a new world was an impossible thing to most people in old time. However even using train to travel in land is not that optimistic. In order to use trains to travel around people need to spend a lot of money time and labors to build railroads first. If there is a place that has many mountains the job will be incredible hard. After the railroads were built they still need regular maintain and that will be another big expense. Another trouble with train is that most people cannot tolerant the boring on a train especially in a long trip. However things changed after we had planes. When I came to the U. S. From China it only took 16 hours by plane. I know it is a little bit long but I almost crossed half of the earth which took months in the past. You may say we need to build airports to make the whole thing work but don't forget we have helicopters which are widely used in some place that so not have big airport. For example they can land on the top of hospital which means they save patients' lives. You can tell the big difference between with and without planes. The use of planes promotes the global business. In old time business was limited in small areas because it was hard for people to communicate from long distance. Also it was impossible to transport commodities that easy to spoil like fruits and vegetables. In old time of China people used horses to transport silk and porcelain to other countries but definitely not America which was too far from China. They couldn't bring too much products because they needed to bring food or clothes and they travelled a long time. That was the reason that the price of these silk and porcelain were much higher than jewelry. I figure that wouldn't be a good business for general people. In contrast we have global business today and we can transport anything we want. A businessman in New York can plan to sign a contract in the next day in Japan and don't need to worry about he cannot go back to spend weekend with family. You can buy the freshest fruits from other countries almost in very supermarket. What is better is that the prices of the import commodities are more acceptable because we have planes. Otherwise the planes also support the travelling business. People have never travelled that much like now in the history. You can go anywhere you are interest in Australian Canada or Europe and you won't be unpleasant due to tiredness of long travelling. The planes do make our lives colorful. Finally not as most of people think the plane is the safest vehicle. You may hear a lot about the crashes on newsreport but the percentage of it is pretty low comparing to other kinds of vehicles. It is true that when people thinking about travelling by plane the first thing comes to them is the crash. However the reason is not that plane is unsafe but is almost no one can survive from a crash so every crash is so impressive that there is no way to forget them. However do you how many people dead in accidents every day. It is even the first reason of death in China. We also have a lot of train or boat accident. The most famous one is the sinking of Titanic. Who can predict that this great boat sank on its first trip However sea is more powerful and dangerous than sky. You may think there is bad weather in the sky just like on the sea but plane flies in the stratosphere where there is no air moving so there is no bad weather or even a little wind. In addition there are strict policies about flying. The staffs work in airport check every plane carefully every day and won't let them go if there is serious weather. I am not saying there is no danger to take a plane but the possibility that you get a crash is very small. In sum the plane has a lot advantages and makes our lives better although it use oil which is not good. Maybe one day we can find another better energy for it. However no one can deny that we need plane very day. It makes our life convenient makes the global business easier and it is the safest choice if you want to travel. When the first plane came out it could only fly 10 minutes. This 10 minutes do changed the history and totally set human free.
