The effects of using a barter system We take for granted of using money everyday everywhere but what will happen if we don't use money anymore That's so called 'barter system' which means exchanging with goods. So what is the effcts of using a barter system In my opninion using a barter system will effect on three aspects purchase goods evaluation and economic development. Firstly using a barter system will cause a inconvenience on purchase. People may not feel inconvenient if they just use a barter system between some special people such as friends or schoolmates but if barter system completely replace money things will not like that anymore. For example every week when I go to Walmart sometimes things I brought are too many to put in my car so let's imagine if we were using a barter system we have to bring as much goods as we want to buy with us to exchange. So the result is that people's wallets can no longer be put in their pockets but have to be put in their cars' trunks. That will be inconvenient when people want to go shopping. The second effect of using a barter system lies on the goods evaluation. It will be hard to evaluate different goods under a barter system. Of course there will be no obstecle if people use the same thing exchange same thing with others. However if people want to estimate how many chairs equal to a table things will be hard. What's more in nowaday's society lots of goods are no longer real things that can be seen and touched many virtual and abstract things become goods for these ones it will be harder to evaluate them under a barter system. For example technology literature music painting people have some specific and clear principles in evaluating theses kinds of goods under money system however people will be reach wit's end if they want to evaluate these kinds of goods in a barter system. As a consequence using a barter system will lead to some obstacles in evaluating goods. Last but not the least all the countries economic development will be confined by using a barter system. As everyone knows economy is a sophisticated subject. It needs accuracy but a barter system can not be enough accurate. For example every tiny change of interest rate will exert a great influence on economy but how can we make a interest rate change under a barter system. One table is a table but a half table is rubbish. That's why a barter system can not be enough accurate. In addition it is hard for government to make a clear budget under a barter system and it will also stands in the way of economic development. Thus barter system will lead to some problems in the world's economic development. In sum barter system has three main effects. They are inconvenience on purchase obstacle of goods evaluation and confining of economic development.
