Thrift is a great revenue. These days I have repeatedly reminded myself of this saying in order to save more money for my trip to Las Vegas. There are a lot of ways to reduce our living costs and some people try to decrease the cost of utility bills. However it would boil down to few gains even if you try to turn off an air conditioner earlier at night than usual. So it would be better for us to choose costs that we can reduce effectively in a short term. I would like to touch upon my favorite ways that I have tried. First it is important to analyze your household expenses. What is the largest percentage of your expenses If it is food is there any room for reducing waste in it If it is entertainment like buying a couple of DVDs in a month is it deadly indispensable to you You can identify what item you really need and how much waste you usually you can reduce. Second it is necessary for you to target on what you spend more money on than others at once. For example some people find out that one of their largest expenses in a month is food. Then they might try to buy each vegetable and frozen food at a bargain price in a supermarket. The Cost of 60 dollars in total might be 45 dollars because of 25 percent discount from the original prices. On the other hands they might not give up buying their favorite cake at 15 dollars even though it is not really necessary for daily meals. In this case it is much easier to save 15 dollars if they don't buy the dispensable cake since its price is equal to the total discount of all of the discounted foods. In short it is best to think much of an absolute amount that you can save whenever you buy something. By rule of thumb the costs of entertainment like hobbies fashion and extra food could be the candidates that you can effectively cut down on. In my case I have stopped buying any cakes and any tickets like concerts and musicals for two months. In addition I declined several offers of dining out from my husband against my wish. In fact it is much more practical to save extra money rather than to pay attention to a small discount in daily life. In conclusion you can take a short cut to saving enough money for your trip if you learn about your expenses and carry out this saving method putting up with life with less entertainment in a short term. Most people would perceptibly reduce their expenses in this way and eventually they can enjoy several trips in a year.
