The Invention that Changed Life. Necessity is the mother of invention. Can you imagine your life without having a microwave In 1946 Dr. Percy Spencer did not know that his radar research project would lead him to a valuable discovery namely the microwave oven. The peanut chocolate bar in his pocket melted during his work on the project. Several years later the microwave has been modified in order to meet the increasing demand of customers all over the world. Its use first became popular in the 1970s. Back then this appliance was larger in size and had more complicated internal pieces than those we utilize nowadays. It's the appliance that facilitated the life of many. Thanks to the scientists and their dynamic minds and efforts which were directed toward the improvement of our lives. The microwave has become a very significant appliance in every house over the past years. Its invention has contributed a lot of changes to our lives. It has many advantages and disadvantages. There are many advantages of using the microwave oven. It is a time saving appliance that cooks or heats foods rapidly. For that reason it is a miracle for those who work and have less time to prepare their daily meals. It can cook or heat food evenly. Other ovens can burn the surface of food leaving the bulb cold. Contrary to the microwave the radiation generated penetrates deeper inside the food resulting in an even cooking. Because the function of the microwave does not depend on heat generation it is not difficult for young persons to operate this appliance. Among other advantages is that the microwave consumes less energy than ordinary ovens. It could be used with either food or beverages with high efficiency. As with any technology many disdvantages can arise due to the excessive use of this invention. Several studies have shown that the chemical composition of food can remarkably be altered due to its contact with the microwave's electromagnetic radiation. This would lead to various health problems at the long run. Besides people would deprive themselves of freshly prepared food which promotes the body's general health and definitely support normal growth and development of our immune systems. The final consequence is poor health especially to children whose body is in need of all necessary nutrients. Furthermore closed containers are subjected to explosion if the heating process results in evaporation to the enclosed contents. The vapor would be trapped inside the tightly closed can its build up increases the pressure inside the can causing an immediate explosion. On the other hand overheating for even seconds can burn the food in a blink of an eye. Nobody would like to eat fast burned food. In brief the use of the microwave oven is crucial to our daily life. However it has numerous advantages and disadvantages. Regardless of its disadvantages it helps people every day saves their time and also their efforts. Researchers are in progress to improve and enhance the performance of the microwave in order to diminish the possible side effects arising from using it. More research will probably continue to investigate the safety of the prolonged use of this innovative indispensable technology.
