There is a wild world out there some people are living in interesting lives and having some interesting customs that you have never heard of. In Tibet there are three types of marriage which are allowed in Tibetan society monogamy polygyny and fraternal polyandry. Monogamy is suitable for all society polygyny maybe seems a little unusual in Western society but it does exist in somewhere and the rarest marriage which is not uncommon in Tibetan society is fraternal polyandry. What makes this tradition continue Tibetan's marriage point of view can be divided by two men's outlook and women's perspective. First of all all brothers who were born in one family marry jointly a wife in order of doing so they believe that it will keep all of family members and property together and reduce the family segregation. For example it is common that the oldest brother inherits the family's property or people portion out the property and everyone has a piece. But in Tibetan society a family as a package inherits the family's estate. If a brother is discontent about his wife or family he can leave the family without carrying any treasure which belongs to the family. It is imprudent of the brother to leave his shelter because in Tibet the weather is very harsh for one single person to survive Tibetan people as nomadic people are not able to work all by one individual. Also the lands are scarce and sterilized it is not easy to seek a fertilize land for a person. Second of all for women's perspective of fraternal polyandry they do not consider that the aspect of sharing a wife is bizarre or deviating morality. Alternatively they think that a great pleasure in life is having many brothers to work for her and her children. In Tibetan society Tibetan women normally have to treat her husbands equal and they are not allowed to have favorable affection and sexuality toward to each of the brothers. It is kind of cruel for women to treat everyone equally. Because a wife usually spends a great amount of time to be with the older brother she might have some special feelings about the older brother than other brothers. She might dislike the younger brothers because the younger brothers are childish aggressive or immature vice versa the younger brother might not think an aged wife is attractive. It would cause a great problem when it comes to joint marriage when the younger brothers do not have a choice left. However it seems that Tibetan men and women are advanced standpoint of marriage even though their fraternal polyandry marriage based on economic value. In spite of economic values family conflict is inevitable when a wife cannot able to treat one another fairly. Although it is strange for brothers to share a wife in this modern society we still need to pay our respect and admiration to them because they can do what we can not and dare not to do.
