What causes Chinese college students' psychological disorder On September 27 2003 China Education and Research Network started an investigation on the causes of college students' psychological disorder. By February 13 2004 a total of 1 786 enthusiastic net friends had participated in the survey vote. The survey result showed that 34. 94 Percent of readers believed the psychological disorder of Chinese college students was mainly due to the overprotectiveness from parents. At the same time 31. 12 Percent of readers believed the pressures of studying and finding a job was also a major psychological barrier for college students. Besides 12. 5 Percent of readers thought that the barriers in dealing with interpersonal relationship decided college students were easy to have psychological problems. From this survey we can find that the main causes of Chinese college students' psychological problems include the overprotectiveness from parents the pressure of studying and finding a job and the barriers in dealing with interpersonal relationship. In China parents always give students too much attention and protection which make students lack the abilities of confronting difficulties and suffering pressure. Today 48. 8 Percent of college students in China are the only child in their families. The fierce competition in the college entrance examination almost makes them into a world where there are only practices and examinations. They don't need to worry about other things because parents have arranged everything for them. However once away from parents and entering universities students need to confront the new collective the new lifestyle and the new study mechanics. They must make decisions all by themselves. For this reason some university students especially the freshmen always have a sense of the panic and emotionality which can make them have frustration inferiority complex loneliness anxiety and other psychological problems. For example my cousin is 20 years old and also the freshman of a university in China. When he was in high school in order to make him be dedicated in studying his parents never let him do housework and participate in other activities which resulted that he did not know how to take care of himself and became more and more taciturn after entering university. That has been a very common problem in Chinese college students. Chinese college students need to face the pressure of academic and employment competition. In China we always call universities ivory towers . That means the universities are places where only outstanding students can live. However as the development of Chinese economy the college students are also pushed to the platform of competition. Just tasting the joy of success in entering ivory tower students had to face the heavy school work immediately. However because of unsuitable study mechanics although many of them have paid a great deal of time and made a lot of efforts their grades are still mediocre some students even also have to worry about whether they can graduate on time. That is a very big difference to their performance in high schools. This expectational gap makes them have excessively sense of self accusation anxiety pressure and depression. On the other hand college students are also facing new challenges in career life. They are eager for competition and hope to find the ideal jobs to prove their value through their own efforts. Nevertheless the fierce competition makes them consider the failure of the competition worry about the risk of making decisions fear of confronting the obstacles. For this reason the fear anxiety and impatient always exist in their mind. College students have barriers in dealing with interpersonal relationship. Usually students desire more friends and more understanding and love from other people. However due to their age most of them always are shy antisocial and sensitive. Without good interpersonal relationships some students begin to fear of communicating with others. Even a small number of students have a strong sense of alert and self protection. They always try to cover their real thinking and feelings. Although they still desire friendship and love they also hesitate in taking the initiative to open their hearts. This conflict can easily lead to psychological depression loneliness and even neurasthenia. In a word because of the overprotectiveness from parents the pressure and the interpersonal barriers a lot of Chinese college students have more or less psychological problems. In order to change this circumstance universities and the government should improve mental health education system to prevent these problems and develop the psychological consulting services. It is no doubt that Chinese college students will become more and more energetic and healthy.
