Differences between the American doctorate and the Francophone doctorate in economics Which country would most students in the world choose to go to study Western countries universities are competing every year to attract international students all around the world. In that competition the US universities are seemingly the universities that lead the international students market sharing. Most students in francophone countries dream to be graduated from an US university. This dream is mostly observed with graduate students especially in economics. In fact there are many differences between the US doctorate and the francophone doctorate in economics. These differences are conspicuous in the definite time it takes to be graduated the content of the doctorate program and the stereotypes associated to each doctorate. First the definite time it takes to be graduated as a doctor is different between the two doctorates. The time it takes to be graduated is clearer in the US universities than in francophone universities. In general it takes three to five years to get a doctorate in economics in most of the US universities. This time is precise in each program so that a student who is enrolled in a doctorate program knows when he will be graduated. This definite time is mandatory for both the student and his or her supervisor. This fact compels the student to work hard in order to finish his or her doctorate according to the time allotted by the university. For example the doctorate program in economics at Carnegie Mellon University takes three years and the doctorate in economics at the University of Pittsburgh takes five years. On the other hand the francophone doctorate takes at least five years in theory. This theoretical time depends on many factors. Some of these factors are the mood of the student's supervisor who decides when the student is ready or not to present his or her dissertation the student willingness to work hard to finish quickly the supervisor availability to supervise the student work. Most of these factors cannot be controlled by the student and are really aleatory. For example I saw a student who spent twelve years to get a doctorate in economics. This student had spent four years before to get a master's degree in economics. This case is extreme but gives and idea of how aleatory is the time it takes to get a doctorate in francophone countries. The faster exceptional student I have ever seen spent 6 years to get the doctorate in economics in Burkina Faso. The second difference between the two doctorates is the content of the doctorate programs. The US doctorate in economics strengthens the knowledge acquired during the four or five precedent years spent to get the Master's degree. In other words a student in a doctorate program will spent most of his or her time taking courses in many branches in economics. Only the last year of the program is reserved for writing and defending a dissertation. For example a student in a doctorate program in economics in the US will take classes in macro economics micro economics monetary economics international economics On the contrary in francophone educational system a student in a doctorate program is not supposed to take classes. He is focused on one subject during five to sometimes more than ten years. The different courses are supposed taken before the student gets his or her Master's degree. The accent is put on the study by oneself on a specific subject that the student chooses. For example a student will spent his or her time for the all the doctorate program working on the international trade or in the monetary economics. In brief the content is one of the most obvious differences between the two doctorates. The third difference between the two doctorates is the stereotypes associated to them. These stereotypes refer to the values of these doctorates. In effect the US doctorate is considered as practical. This is a stereotype well known in the world especially in French speaking countries. People believe that a doctor in economics from a US university is more focused on the practice of the theories than the theories themselves. This belief is somewhat corroborated by the scientific journals from American universities they are small and plenty of data and mathematics developments. Conversely the francophone doctorate is considered as theoretical. This stereotype presumes that francophone countries put the accent on the theories than the practice. The practice in economics requires a lot of mathematics. However many economists in francophone countries are believed to have feared of mathematics. For example I met doctors who ignored the basis knowledge require in math for all economist. Would these doctors get the doctorate if they studied in an US university May be! Overall the stereotypes associated to these two doctorates are deeply rooted in people believes in the world. To summarize there are a lot of differences between the American doctorate and the Francophone doctorate in economics. These differences refer to the precision of the time it takes to be graduated as a doctor the content of the doctorate program and the stereotypes linked to these two doctorates in fact most people believe that the American doctorate in economics focuses on the practice whereas the Francophone doctorate in economics focuses on the theory. However I believe that the ideal doctorate must be focused equally in both the theory and the practice.
