A time when I lost my wallet or purse One thrilling experience I have ever had with money happened in 2006 when I studied in Hong ANON_NAME_0 University as the exchange student. Before the last one week when I left Hong ANON_NAME_0 I invited my parents to visit Hong ANON_NAME_0. I chose visiting Ocean Park as their first activity. It has been build on a hill adjacent to the South China Sea has been known as its beautiful scene and various activities including relaxing or stimulating suitable for everyone no matter who is old or young. After I bought two tickets for my parents I just remained a little cash so I decided to take 2000 HK dollars from a HSBC bank near the agent. I went into the hall with my mother. It was the first time for them to visit Hong ANON_NAME_0. Everything was fresh to my mother. She was excited to keep telling me what she saw and what she thought when we was waiting in line. And for me I hadn't met her for almost half a year so I entirely concentrated in our conversation. It was my turn to take money. I inserted the debit card and typed my password and waited for several seconds then took back my card. I was too careless to pick bills up until walked outside the bank for several miles. It was my mother who reminded me. I rushed back into the bank however bills were already taken away. I inquired a staff in the bank in anxiety she told me two possible results for my mistake one was that somebody took my bills and the other was that the ATM picked them back automatically and this function usually took effect after 20 seconds when nobody took away bills. I felt depressed by my neglect. Actually I was a careless person. I had lost a great deal of staff including countless keys three cell phones and several bicycles etc. I always forgot to check when I finished one thing for example when I left home I should have checked if the door and window were closed when I left library I should have confirmed everything was put my bag. This experience also was not an exception. Fortunately I eventually got my cash back due to no one took them away.
