Culture In Saudi Arabia it is usually said the fingers of one hand are not equal . The world has diverse cultures which infer customs of the countries. Saudi Arabia and the United State American cultures have some issues are similar and others different. The most three cultures issues which are explaining some similarities and differences are social life education system and government system. The first culture issue is the social life which is the most issue that infer on the culture of any country or nation. In the kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United States American there are several similarities and differences between some of the social life. Family lives eating habits and human relations are the most three examples that represent the social life. First of the all the family lives have several situations are similar and different. For example in Saudi Arabia there are no legally relationships without get married. Family must be stated after got married rather than here in the United States that maybe it is started before that and sometimes they have babes without official parents or fathers. Single mama is one of the results of that situation in the U. S. Regarding the rules of relationships in both culture the father in Saudi Arabia is the officially responsible for take care and spend on his wife and children and some time his parents. On the other hand usually in the U. S. Both parents or one of them who has a custody are the responsible for their children up to they get 18 years old before they independent in the usually situations. The other point about the family lives in Saudi Arabia is countable wives. The man can have more than one wife up to four as the maximum but he must fair between them. That usually is happened for some reasons. For instance he get married another one when someone's wife couldn't have baby for some reason and he wants children and in the same time he dose not like to part if she wants that also. Another example for that when a family of someone dead needs to care often one of the close relative like his brother or his cousin marry the woman after she agree and he will take care for her and her kids. In contrary in the U. S. It is not allow more than one wife. The other example of the social life is eating habits which are mostly similar in the two cultures such as number of meals and eating places. For example there are three meals a day in both cultures and it can eat in a house or a restaurant. The small different is the meal time especially the dinner which is usually had after 9 pm in Saudi Arabia while it is had after 6 pm in the U. S. Culture. The human relations are the last example of the social life. In this time when the world comes open as one world as result of traveling and media exchanges like internet an TV the human relations are more similar especially inside an organization which has a lot branches or business in both country that were helped to decrease gaps between the two cultures. The second point is the education system. It is mostly similar in both cultures and there are several differences. For instance we have 12 levels same as here and they are divided into three kinds of school elementary intermediate and secondary schools. On other hand we have fewer universities than here. That is the reason for increasing the number of scholarships. The last cultural issue is the government systems such as political and economic systems. The politic system in my country is kingdom system. That is a huge difference from here. We have a king who has all authorities and control on all ministries and government programs. For economy the system is the same as here. But it has some exceptions for instance there are some rules for internal foreign investments and participation. Finally we can say there are a lot of similarities and a little of differences between the two cultures in the social life education system and government system that will become more similar in the future if the world is coming without strangers.
