Innate and Acquired immunity An Overview. Our bodies are sophisticated complicated living machines. It constitutes a lot of organized systems comprising of many tissues. These tissues are made up of billions of cells operating collectively in a harmonious manner. They unite in order to perform vital functions required for the growth development and defense thus the maintenance of life. Among these systems is the immune system whose principal role is to protect our bodies against invading substances. Ubiquitous number of microorganisms are present in our surrounding environment which if becomes in direct contact might give rise to serious infections and many diseases. The immune system as an adaptive technique provides two types of immunity innate and acquired immunity. They differ from each others in their origin specificity memory occurrence of response their active elements and medical applications of both. First difference is the origin of innate and acquired immunity. Innate immunity which is often regarded as natural immunity as implied from its name present by birth. In other words it is active and expressed genetically in newborns. On the contrary the acquired immunity or known as adaptive immunity is not active at birth but rather activated later in life. Another difference between the innate and acquired immunity is the specificity. The innate immunity is not specific. Instead it's only effective against microorganisms trying to gain access into the body. It acts on many organism without toward the invade. Whereas the acquired immunity exhibits higher degree of specificity. Third difference is the degree of response to microorganisms and its occurance. On subsequent exposure to microorganisms the natural immunity degree response remains unchanged. This means that the intensity of the response is not enhanced by repeated exposure to foreign substances. For example if the body becomes in contact with a microbe A for the first time it would respond in the same way each time the body face it. Conversely acquired immunity is exaggerated with repeated exposure to foreign agents that has previously been encountered by the body. The occurrence of the natural immunity is instant such immunity is active at birth so the period between exposure and the election of response is considerably short. However this period is much longer to some extend with respect to first exposure. The relationship between the exposure to harmful agents and the exposure is positive that is as the times of exposure increases the response becomes faster each time. As a matter of fact the adaptive immunity components retain a memory of previous exposures mediating rapid response and recognition. The components that each type of immunity comprises are also different. The natural immunity is considered to be the first line of defense through acting as a mechanical barrier at the body surfaces. Such barriers are skin and mucous membranes. This manner of defense is called exterior defense because it removes harmful substance before advancing through the body systems. It is represented in many forms. External secretions such as saliva tears mucous wax and urine. These secretions are found to contain specific antibacterial agents called lyzosome which is an enzyme specialized in hydrolyzing and destroying foreign materials. In addition coughing and vomiting expel harmful agents from the respiratory tract and the gastrointestinal tract GIT respectively. Besides the acidic medium of the stomach that effectively degrades any microorganism enters the stomach through food contamination. Inflammation Inflammation is one of the first responses of the innate immunity to infection or irritation. It is stimulated by chemical factors released by injured cells. Also the rise of temperature following infection is an innate defense mechanism. However the elements of the acquired immunity are much more complex than those of the natural immunity. It is composed of a huge number of cells and achieved via many successive complex steps and mechanisms. These components are a certain group of proteins and specialized cells. Furthermore the proteins are called immunoglobulins or antibodies and they constitute a great deal of plasma proteins. Antibodies provide external defense against bacteria their toxins and viruses before they penetrate deeper into cells. Additionally there are two types of cells that produce acquired immunity B lymphocytes and T lymphocytes. First B lymphocyte which grow and differentiate in the bone marrow. Secondly T lymphocytes which mature in the thymus. These cells have potent effect against AIDS Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome . Moreover T lymphocytes provides intracellular defense contrary to B lymphocytes. Finally the different medical applications of innate and acquired immunity. Because the natural immunity present in all individual at birth there's no significant medical application for it. Whereas the acquired immunity phenomena is used solely for immunization. Vaccines introduced into the body are weak microbial agents that are not capable of producing disease but instead can enhance acquired immunity. In conclusion there are two types of the immunity which are innate natural and acquired adaptive . They are different in many aspects including origin specificity memory occurrence of response their active elements and medical applications. Even though they have different component and mechanisms they protect our bodies against foreign enemies that would disrupt the body health and result in physiological imbalances.
