Merits and Demerits of a File in a CD and a MP3 File What is the hardware you most frequently use when you listen to music Though there have been many kinds of hardware such as Mini Cassette players CD players Mini Discs MP3 players since the LP Long playing Record was invented the two things that most used extensively until now are CD players Com pact Disc players and MP3 Medium Playing record players. That's because that people have become prefer to a small portable one as science and technology have been developed. Both the people who prefer CD players and MP3 players have their own reasons based on their merits and demerits. In fact using CD players and MP3 players to listen to music may look very similar to each other however they have several differences. Their differences basically are from the differences between a file in a CD and a MP3 file. The main differences between them are price the size of files the quality of sound and the possibility of reproduction. First of all there is a great difference between the price of a CD and MP3 files. The average price of a single CD is 3 times higher than the same numbers of music as MP3 files. That's because collecting music as a CD is considered more valuable than as MP3 files in general. Actually there are many people over the world who enjoy music have been collecting music as CDs. They say that collecting CDs absolutely is far more meaningful comparing with MP3 files because a CD includes a musician's profile lyrics of the music more information about the music and suchlike. In contrast the price of a MP3 file is very cheap. Also unlikely CDs MP3 files are separated as a piece of music. For that reason the people who prefer MP3 files can download the music which they only want. Most of them are not interested in collecting music but enjoying many kinds of music. Because downloading MP3 files is far cheaper than purchasing a CD and available whenever they want they can pick the music they only want to listen out of a package of music in a CD and delete them easily to replace the music by newest music. Second the size of a file in a CD is very different from the size of a MP3 file. The size of a file in a CD generally is about 8 to 14 times bigger than the size of a MP3 file. Because of that the maximum number of music in a CD is around 20. In other words to listen to various kind of music the CDs which include the music are needed. Hence the people who prefer to listen to music with CDs can not help listening to music inside where there the CDs are to enjoy various music which are in different CDs. Otherwise they have to carry all the CDs which include the music they would like to listen to when they are outside. It's very uncomfortable to carry CDs whenever they move from one place to another. On the contrary the size of a MP3 file is very small. Because of the small size MP3 files could be carried so easily. More than 200 files normally are kept in a pretty small MP3 player which has a GB Gigabyte 1024MB or Megabit . As most MP3 players today have 2 to 50 GB the people who prefer to listen to music with MP3 files are able to carry at least 400 to 20 000 pieces of music at a time. They can also keep a lot of pieces of music with just small space in the hardware of a MP3 player or a computer. For them carrying and keeping music are quite simple. Third a file in a CD and a MP3 file have different qualities of sound from each other. The quality of sound of a file in a CD is 1411Kbps Kilobits per second which is about 11 times higher than a MP3 file's. The reason that the quality of sound of a file in a CD is high is that a file in a CD is produced by being recorded the original playing sound as it is. That is the quality of sound is almost same with the original sound so the people who prefer to listen to music with CDs can enjoy the music which has the almost equal sound with the music which the musician played directly whenever they listen to music. On the other hand the quality of sound of a MP3 file is created by being changed the original playing sound. All the People have AF Audible Frequency the range that a person can hear a sound and they only are able to sense the sound within the range of AF when they listen to music. In fact however a piece of music has very wide frequency which includes the range that people cannot sense at all. Since the sound of a MP3 file consists of only the range of AF with deleting the other wide range the file could be extremely small with high quality of sound. Actually it is greatly hard for even experts in music or sound to distinguish the difference between the quality of sound of a file in a CD and the quality of sound of a MP3 file. However there is an obvious gap between the two kinds of files in addition some experts have pointed that MP3 files are so far from a natural sound so that listening to them gives people harmful influence. The last difference between a file in a CD and a MP3 file is the possibility of reproduction. Because a file in a CD is very close to the original sound it could be reproduced or changed to other kinds of files including a MP3 file as many times as you want without losing the quality of sound. However the size of the file that is from a CD has to be bigger than a MP3 file to maintain the original quality of sound. Also the CD always is needed to reproduce other files. In contrast it is hard to reproduce a MP3 file because of the low quality of sound. If you reproduce a MP3 file you will be able to recognize that the quality of sound is decreased as it is reproduced. Instead a MP3 file could freely be moved between many kinds of hardware or devices and exchanged between people. The easiness of shift is the strongest advantage of a MP3 file. In conclusion there are certain several differences between a file in a CD and a MP3 file. They both have each merits and demerits so you can choose one of them which best answers on your purpose. Though CD players and MP3 players which have both their own merits and demerits lead now the world music market more superior and ultramodern hardware and files will be produced from now on. In the future there might be a file which has low price extremely small size very high quality of sound and is reproducible as many as you want.
