Internet and Information Democracy In his book The Third Shock American writer and futurist Alvin Toffler argued three types of societies based on the concept of 'waves'. According to him in the third society our current post industrial society most resources can be substituted by information and the gap between producers and consumers of information can be bridged by technology. That is we are living in the information oriented society and Internet became the main technology. If it is so what has been changed since the invention of Internet What differences are between before and after the Invention of Internet Internet has led information democracy in three points the quantity of information the way of communication and the period of information monopoly. To begin with the quantity of accessible information could be a major difference by the Internet. Only a decade ago to obtain information we had to go through several steps. First we found similar sources to right information within our given knowledge fool. Second we went to libraries or book stores and then read all sources reached. Finally we selected the nearest information within them. Therefore this obtained information was limited by the amount of knowledge we already knew by the number and condition of libraries or book stores we could reach and by the amount of time allowed to us. On the other hand with the Internet as the meaning of 'www' we can retrieve information required through a worldwide digital network with a click. As the report of the United States Commerce the merging digital market 1999 in those days we could access to 2 700 newspapers and 3 600 magazines and when the largest traditional book store provided 150 thousands ANON_URLSPAGE_2. 5Million books with brief description of books and book reviews. Now with the Internet although we are not a well informed or have fragmentary elementary knowledge we can collect most information related to information required within a few seconds. As long as we can access to the Internet we can reach publicly available worldwide information beyond time location and the amount of knowledge already obtained. Next when it comes to the way of communication communication style was converted from the one way to two way. In a strict sense communication happens in a relationship between information givers and information receivers and this communication process can be divided to three parts production distribution and acceptance. Since the birth of information most information had been produced by only the elite as the leading group of a society like philosophers scientists or artists and then passed to the general public. As if the strict vertical social structure of the middle age was information was distributed and well controlled under a top down system. However since the invention of the Internet information has been created and shared by both the elite and the general public. Although some information and knowledge still have been produced by the elite these information and knowledge sometimes have been examined by the public. In addition to the public has suggests new idea or thought on the web like blogs homepages or replies without the elite's permission in a bottom up system. That is to say the flow of information is changed from the vertical one way communication to the horizontal two way communication. The coexistence of these top down and bottom up systems has helped that the average person openly express and distributes own opinion as new information. Therefore the Internet contributes to democratizing the information democracy from the standpoint of communication style. Third we should regard the shorted period of information monopoly as the element of information democracy. In the past because information was provided and distributed by a privileged minority information monopoly was possible and thus the period of the monopoly was also able to be controlled by the elite. However with the emergence of the Internet the concept of information was shifted from a matter of being possessed to a matter of being accessed. If the development of mass media and transportation changed the world to one day zone in aspects of information distribution on the contrary the Internet opened the era of one second zone. This speedy distribution of information is supported by a worldwide digital transmission system and a number of internet users' participation under the horizontal communication. For instance if we access to the Internet we can know what is happening in other countries far away. Although information hiding steganography is intentionally modified it can be easier and faster broken by anonymous someone hackers than the past. It is so to speak the information democracy in the period of information monopoly. In conclusion it can be said that the Internet result in information democracy in aspects of quantity the way of communication and the period of monopoly. With the Internet we can access to unlimited information advocate and accept new information more freely and faster share information. Although the problem of digital divide is raised this problem is not from the invention of the Internet but from the use of the Internet. However to be more integral information democracy this imbalance resulting from the use of information should be solved.
