After finishing an elementary school in Komenskeho School in Cadca I had a difficulty to decide what kind of high school I will attend for the next few years. Becouse of having good grades in the elementary school I decided to go to the Bilingual gymnasium secondary school in Cadca where the spoken and teaching language is only English. Every subject was taught only in English. This school is the best of the top five schools in Slovakia. There were students from other three different countries Hungary Poland and Czech Republic. At First I was so excited to teach there but as times went I started to have some problems with studying because of some difficulties in the family. My mum was dianosed serious desease after that my father lost his job as a policeman. T was a difficult time for me while I was studyin in such difficult hih school. My rades were so bad it was my fourth year on the school I should have tried to study a lot but unfortunately I couldnt. My thouhts were only with my mother I was tryin to help her so much that I found a part time job and my school was on the other side. Remember this time very well it was hard time for everyone of us from my family. At the end of my fourth year in the school I thouht that because of my rades I will not able to enter next level on this school. I was tryin to do many thins at the same time toether but it didn't work. After some time everythin ot riht form and my life turned to appropriate position. My mother was feelin better my father found a new job and could concentrate only on my school. I continued to the next level and my rades turned to the best one in the class. I couldn't believe it but now I know that everythin is possible and when you try to do your best you can catch your dream even there were and still be difficulties. I successfully raduated after finishin fifth level in the school. My other plans were to study at the university in the capital city. Ut because of financial problems in my family I couldn't attend university which I had chosen. As time went and I didn't know what to do the next it has happened. My uncle brother of my mother called me and offered me education in the united states. I was too excited so I took it. Now I am here studyin aain enlish at the university of pittsburh. I think I am doin well and I hope my uncle is proud of me. What are my plans for the future well after finishin enlish I would like to study law in pittsburh or in slovakia. I have to decide with my uncle what will be my next steps throuh my life and future. I hope that my dream will became reality once.
