At the time I was born my parents were very busy of their work because they just built up a company from scratch. My parents quite often absented form my childhood and we could scarcely have quality talk like other children did. As a result I did abundantly mischievous things because I starved attention of my parents. A very crucial moment occurred to me and changed my life entirely my parents employed a tutor for me. I was not a very please child so I was not pay attention to her entire time and then she gave me a scolding lecture. After that experience I behaved myself and started our relationship ever since. She was the one that let me realize what my interests are I love math photograph and art. I had very good logic to figure numbers and things out but I lack of organization. She spent countless time to train my brain such as math activities Boggle and math puzzles. I love math and art because those subjects can slow me down when I want to do everything in a rush. Because of my training I was able to achieve my goals like attaining all of accounting licenses except the last one I have to get it from the US. In addition I was very introverted unsociable and had a little bit melancholy when I was little. She had me participate some outdoor activates for my own good such as go hiking camping and surfing. I started having connected with other people instead of myself I found out that my insight personality was very lovely I like socializing and interacting with others. After I grew up I have voluntarily taken part in as diversity as activities I could and known as many verity as people. I have already drawn a big picture of what I want to be when I was little I always want to be an accountant and amateur photographer. Now I am following the last step of my dreams to obtain my last accounting license from the US and then my dream will eventually come true. After I have achieved my dream I will go back to help my tutor's company and my family's company and I will have a chance to appreciate what my parents and my tutor have done for me.
