Some people say they want to return to their university days with feeling of regret. They said that if they were undergraduate students again they would do their best and make big success. However in my case I am not sure whether I can do my best or not if I became an undergraduate student again because I already did my best when I was an undergraduate student. At that time I was really active and enthusiastic. The most dynamic period in my life might be the university days when I worked for the newspaper of the university. During this period as a newspaper writer even though I was an amateur writer I learned many things met various peoples and changed a lot. I became to be interested in environment very much. My major chemistry was helpful to understand many environmental issues. In addition my personality changed to more active and positive direction. At that time I had to find out interesting and important issues of university or even society. I also had to read lots of books and newspapers to understand and write news reports. Moreover meeting various people such as professors politicians musicians painters gays and the homeless made me have more various points of view about the world. This experience is my treasure. In the university despite I dedicated myself to the newspaper publishing I had gotten scholarship for the whole university period. It was not easy but I did all my best. I also got scholarship during my whole high school period because I was selected to be best student when I graduated from my middle school. After graduating from the university I entered a company. I worked at the department of computer programming as a programmer. It was not easy to find a job in my field chemistry with only a bachelor's degree. I studied hard and became to familiar to computer programming. My job was developing ERP Enterprise Resource Planning programs using Oracle database and tools. It was suitable to me because it required logical and precise way of thinking. Now I can use some programming languages and tools and manage some database maintenance well such as oracle ERP developing tools p l SQL ASP java script Informix 4gl etc. I also have a master degree of Education of Science. I would like to be a teacher in middle school or high school. I have many experience of teaching. I taught students when I was an undergraduate student individually or even a private academic institution. In addition when I worked at the company I often taught computer language to freshmen. I like to teach because it makes me happy and feel worthwhile. I think my all experiences above are helpful to me to be a good teacher I hope.
