Ten years ago when I was seventeen years old I stepped into the way to the Sun Yat sen University which was 2000 kilometers from my home. The experience at the University was an absolute new life for me. The free studying atmosphere the diverse activities the kind teachers and classmates everything was attracting me. However I did not use this good environment well. During my first and second academic years I never went to the library. I had been enjoying the free life at the University until I met Chunlong ANON_NAME_0 a new graduate student of my University who now is my husband. He grew up in a very different environment than me. He just told me Complacency is the enemy of study. His words woke me up. Then I said to myself Why did I choose to enter business school What's my dream From that time on I realized I must change myself. When I was a junior student I chose my major to be accounting and auditing. My professor Mr. Xue rou Li lead me to enter this area and I loved it! He told me If I wanted to be a professional accountant or auditor I must be able to understand and use all the knowledge about both accounting and auditing as much as the knowledge in other areas such as Management Economics and Computer Science. During the last two years of my University life I studied diligently. Where there's a will there's a way. I improved my GPA and had many special experiences during the team study. After graduating from Sun Yat Sen University in 2002 I was employed by the Fok Ying Tung Foundation LTD. The following four year work experience offered me a good opportunity to give full play to my creativity intelligence and diligence. I worked as the assistant accountant for the Foundation. My duty was to manage develop and maintain all aspects of finance accounting foreign exchange dealings marketing and data processing of the China Restaurant which belonged to the Foundation in the Nansha area. At the same time I also completed the internal auditing of different subsidiary companies which belonged to the Foundation. I found that I must face many challenging situations and solve many different problems never learned from books After having worked in business area for four years I came to the United States to accompany my dear husband. The United States is an active country. I am interested in continuing my education by pursuing a Master's degree in accounting. I have practiced my professional expertise in accounting and auditing and perfected my communication skills while working in China. But I still want to be trained more vigorously in scientific methods of analysis and management. There are a lot of opportunities and challenges in the world that I do not yet feel fully confident to seize. To get a good education in your University will probably become a new experience for me. I understand there are a lot of difficulties in front of me but my passion for acquiring new knowledge will never end.
