When I was about 12 years old the most interesting activity for me is to go to my father's company and 'help' him. It is a manufacture company that makes machines which is used to produce plastic bottles. I liked to play with his machines. I usually did something that troubled him but he seldom scolded me. What's more I begin to get familiar with computer since I was in elementary school because my mother is a electronic engineer she often took her work back home. When she was doing her work I liked to sitting beside her and just watching her typing I knew I didn't know what she was typing but I think it develop my sensitivity in computer coding and I developed a strong interest in designing machine from these experiences. So I chose electronic engineering EE as my undergraduate major. I spent 4 years to get my bachelor degree in Beijing Jiaotong University. Although it is not the Top10 School in China its EE program has a number 5 rank in China. As my study went further I found myself enchanted in computer work such as coding system designing etc. When I was in junior year I attended a big project held by a professor of Chinese Railway Science Institution. The whole project was aim to design a signal control system. My group was in charge of designing the power supply of the system. That was my first time to entering such a big project so I felt much exited and pressure as well. In that days my group almost lived with computers. Finally we succeeded. Our power supply worked we felt like win the Nobel Price. This experience strengthens my researching ability and team work. After my graduation I wanted to get a further degree and improve my English at the same time. So the best choice for me is to study abroad. In the future if I could get my master degree in University of Pittsburgh with honor I will go back to China and help my father with his business. He is 52 years old now I really hope I can do something really help him without quotation mark. That is not only my responsibility but also my interest career perspective.
