I have observed a lot of interaction between Physical Therapists and patients at different levels i. E hospital clinics ets throughout my professional career as a Physical Therapist. From these interactions I learnt professional ethics that how to interact with a patient in good manners and get the confidence of the patient. I learnt how to make differential diagnosis how to get the history assessment of the patient and intervention for the condition. I also learnt how to prepare the short term and long term plans for the patient and finally the outcomes. These interactions played an important role to enhance my professional capabilities and opened a new horizon to learn new techniques regarding patient guiding counseling and caring. As I mentioned in my CV I have the more than three years experience in the one of the biggest Asia's Rehabilitation center. As you know a devastating earth quick came in Pakistan. We have no rehabilitation specialist physical therapist in Pakistan and there is no course available in Pakistan related to Master of Health and Rehabilitation Sciences MHRS . As the medical field is becoming more and more saturated here so it is important to have advance studies to make my position better in this field. As we have only bachelor degree therefore I decided to get admission in this course. This course sets out to provide best clinical practice in Physical Therapy and to science that underlies this. Certain medical conditions and there prevention and treatment will form the cornerstone of the course. However the course will also cover a wide range of related medical topics and provide grounding in relevant areas. The role of Physical Therapy in maintaining and improving the general well being of individuals including those with illness or handicaps will be covered. This course is designed to my area of interest. The MHRS framework has been set up to be flexible to suite the specific needs of the individual student. Throughout this MSRS program I can learn the key principles and practice for prevention assessment intervention and rehabilitation of Physical Therapy needed patients. This course will equip me that how Physical Therapy can contribute to the general health of the population and key aspects of physical Therapy treatment Consequently I will find a very prosperous career in the University of Pittsburgh because this is a prestigious university in USA. I found information about this course program after utilizing quite a bit of time. It is due to these reasons I have selected this course. I have chosen USA because of quality of education and study standards in USA rank amongst one of the highest in world and qualifications are widely recognized and accepted distinguished record of teaching and research. After completing my education from University of Pittsburgh it has benefits including improved knowledge and career prospects .
