Hierarchical Structure vs. Flat Structure How would you manage a company if you were a CEO of a company Some people might want to completely control their employees but some people might give their employees freedom to achieve their assignments. Which organizational structure should choose is a big deal for a company and a organization. It depends on the management's attitude the culture of the organization the phenomenon of the industry and even the influence of society. There are several kinds of organizational structures. The flat structure and the hierarchical structure are the two most common and popular structures at present. Nevertheless these two structures are completely different types of management for companies. The notable differences between these two structures are the organizational system the organizational communication and the flexibility of the organization. First of all the organizational system of a company with the flat structure is different from that of a company with the hierarchical structure. The organizational chart of the company with the hierarchical structure is presented as a pyramid. There are several classes between top management and subordinates. The supervisors are responsible to the management and control their subordinates' performances. This kind of class could help a company to be more systematic. Everyone under the hierarchical structure has the concept of the class so they will follow the policy strictly. The relationship of the class can help the company with hierarchical structure become a firm and strong organization. On the other hand there is no supervisory class in the organizations with the flat structure. That means the top management manages the subordinates directly without the supervisors. The organizational chart of the flat structure becomes much flatter than that of the hierarchical system Therefore general speaking the size of the organization with the hierarchical structure is bigger than that of the organization with the flat structure because there is no supervisory classes in the flat organization structure. Furthermore the employees are empowered completely by the top management. Obviously they do not have to follow the regulation of company strictly. Compared with the company with the hierarchical structure the company with the flat structure could become loose. In addition organizational communication is another significant difference between the flat structure and the hierarchical structure. As I mentioned before supervisory class places between the top management and employees in the hierarchical structure. If employees want to express any ideas and suggestions or problems to the top management they must transmit their ideas through their supervisors. It takes a lot of time to pass the information which makes the company inflexible. It is a serious problem if inflexibility happens in a company. The top management cannot know well the problems that the employees meet and the real situation that the company faces so they will not make decisions to solve the problems immediately. For example an employee thinks the output would increase if the process of production were changed a little. He talks to his supervisor but his supervisor could not change the process casually so the supervisor must ask to the top management. Transmitting information must take them some time which means that they waste time as well. Also the supervisors could pass the wrong information to the top management because they might misunderstand their subordinates' ideas or problems. It would result in the difficulty in communication of the company and the misunderstanding between upper class and employees. However employees can communicate with the top management directly so they do not have to pass their opinions through the supervisors. It saves a lot of time which is able to make the company more flexible. The top management could make decisions to cope with the problems right away when they receive their subordinates' responses. As the previous example if the employee could talk to the top management directly the management allows him to change the process of the production soon which might improve the output and bring the company more profit. Besides the subordinates can talk to the top management directly and they can communicate with each other in person. Talking face to face can avoid unnecessary misunderstandings. The last difference between the flat structure and the hierarchical structure is flexibility of the company. Under the hierarchic structure subordinates should follow the supervisors' and top management's requirements even though the requirements are not applicable reasonable or flexible. They may give their superiors advice but their superiors might not accept their ideas especially when their management is stubborn. This situation would lead the company to be inflexible. Conversely the employees at the company with the flat structure are empowered completely by the top management. They do not have to follow the regulation of company strictly. All they have to do is to reach goals of their company. They could adjust their processes and make decisions by themselves as long as these changes are beneficial for them to achieve their goals. When they face problems they could deal with the problems immediately. It can help the employees to do their jobs efficiently. Moreover the flexible work environment can not only help employees to finish their jobs easily but also stimulate them to create more ideas. The more ideas employees have the more innovative products produced. The more products produced the more profit made. To summarize the hierarchical structure and the flat structure are quite different in terms of the organizational system the organizational communication and the flexibility of the organization. The companies with the hierarchical structure could have stronger systems than those with the flat structure. Besides the hierarchical structure could not provide communication ways to the employees and the top management. However the flat structure could offer a good communication because of its flat organizational structure. Finally the hierarchical structure could not become flexible organizations due to its hierarchy. Conversely the flat organizational structure can make companies more flexible to deal with any problems. Apparently the type of management affects a company or organization greatly. Therefore choosing the appropriate structure is very important for a company or an organization to become successful.
