Internet and Information Democracy In his book The Third Shock American writer and futurist Alvin Toffler argued three types of societies based on the concept of 'waves'. According to him in the third society our current post industrial society most resources can be substituted by information and the gap between producers and consumers of information can be bridged by technology. Therefore it is possible that we are living in an information oriented society and Internet is the main technology of this society. If it is so what has been changed since the invention of Internet What differences are between before and after the Invention of Internet The Internet has led information democracy in three points the quantity and quality of information the way of communication and the period of information monopoly. To begin with the quantity and quality of information could be a major difference by the Internet. Only a decade ago we had to go through several steps to obtain required information. First we found similar sources to right information within our given knowledge fool. Second we went to libraries or book stores and then read all gathered sources. Finally we selected the nearest information within them. Accordingly the quantity and quality of obtained information was limited by the amount of knowledge we already knew by the number and condition of libraries or book stores we could reach and by the amount of time allowed to us. On the other hand with World Wide Web we can retrieve information required through a worldwide digital network with a click. As the report of the United States Commerce the merging digital market 1999 we accessed 2 700 newspapers and 3 600 magazines on the web and when the largest traditional book store provided 150 thousands ANON_URLSPAGE_2. 5Million books with brief description of books and book reviews. Now with the Internet although we are not a well informed or have fragmentary elementary knowledge we can collect most information related to required information within a few seconds. As long as we can access the Internet we can reach publicly available worldwide information beyond time location and the quantity and quality of our schema . Next the Internet converted communication style from the one way to two way. In a strict sense communication happens in a relationship between the givers and the receivers of information and this communication process can be divided to three parts production distribution and acceptance. Most information had been produced by only the elite as the leading group of a society like philosophers scientists or artists and then passed to the general public. As if the strict vertical social structure of the middle age was information was distributed and well controlled under a top down system. However since the invention of the Internet information has been created and shared by both the elite and the public. Although some information and knowledge still have been produced by the elite these information and knowledge sometimes have been examined by the public. In addition the public has suggested new idea or thought on the web like blogs homepages or replies without the elite's permission in a bottom up system. That is to say the flow of information has been changed from the vertical one way communication to the horizontal two way communication. The coexistence of these top down and bottom up systems has helped that an average person openly expresses and spreads his or her own opinion as new information. Therefore it can be say that the Internet contributes to democratizing the information democracy from the standpoint of communication style. Third we should regard the shortened period of information monopoly as the element of information democracy. In the past because information was provided and distributed by a privileged minority information monopoly was possible and thus the period of the monopoly was also able to be controlled by the elite. However with the emergence of the Internet the concept of information was shifted from a matter of being possessed to a matter of being accessed. If the development of mass media and transportation changed the world to one day zone in aspects of information distribution on the contrary the Internet opened the era of one second zone. This speedy distribution of information is supported by a worldwide digital transmission system and a number of internet users' participation under the horizontal communication. For instance if we access the Internet we can know what is happening in other countries far away. Although information hiding steganography is intentionally modified it can be easier and faster broken by anonymous someone hackers than the past. It is so to speak the information democracy in the period of information monopoly. In conclusion it can be said that the Internet has resulted in the information democracy in aspects of the quantity and quality the way of communication and the period of monopoly. With the Internet we can access to unlimited information advocate new information more freely and faster share information. Although the problem of digital divide is raised this problem seems not to come from the invention of the Internet but to come from the wrong use of the Internet. However in order to establish more integral information democracy this imbalance resulting from the use of information should be solved.
