Comparison of Advantages and Disadvantages of ESI and APCI Two Forms of Sample Ionization in Mass Spectrometry Do you know what the most powerful analytical technique is that can be used in environmental food testing pharmaceutical applications forensics and clinical research If you are not familiar with these fields perhaps you don't know that. It is Mass Spectrometry briefly and most often abbreviated as MS . Mass Spectrometry is an analytical technique that measures the mass to charge ratio of charged particles. It can be used to identify unknown compounds to quantify known compounds and to elucidate the structure and chemical properties of molecules. It can provide valuable information to a wide range of professionals physicians chemists and biologists to name a few. It is most generally used to find the composition of a physical sample by generating a mass spectrum representing the masses of sample components. The mass spectrum is measured by mass spectrometers which in general consist of three basic parts an ion source a mass analyzer and a detector system. There are several types of ion sources Electrospray ionization ESI Atmospheric pressure chemical ionization APCI Atmospheric pressure photoionization APPI Matrix assisted laser desorption ionization MALDI Inductively coupled plasma ICP and more. The most often used two methods of sample ionization are ESI and APCI. The following will discuss about advantages and disadvantages of these two forms of sample ionization that are ESI and APCI. To begin with discussing about advantages and disadvantages of ESI and APCI the meaning of these two terms should be clearly stated. ESI is the abbreviation of electrospray ionization which is a technique used in mass spectrometry to produce ions especially useful in producing ions from macromolecules because it overcomes the propensity of those molecules to fragment when ionized. For ESI a sample exists as ion in the liquid phase. In the meantime APCI is the abbreviation of atmospheric pressure chemical ionization which is an ionization method that used in mass spectrometry that is a form of chemical ionization which takes place at atmospheric pressure. Sample is ionized in the gas phase. Both of them are called as ion source which is an equipment used to ionize analyte molecules and free them from the solid or liquid phase. In the first place both of ESI and APCI have their own advantages but they are different in some way such as the range of analytes thermal liability and volatility fragment of molecular ion and sensitivity. The advantages of ESI and APCI are discussed respectively as follows. ESI can be applicable to a wide range of analytes. Thermal liability and volatility usually is not a problem for ESI method. It will produce minimal fragmentation of molecular ion. High molecular weights can be analyzed multiple charging . This method has high sensitivity. As responding to ESI APCI has the different following advantages. Low polarity molecules can be ionized. It has a wide dynamic range 4 5 orders of magnitude . It has the characteristic of mass sensitive flow rate dependent detection dependency. Higher buffer concentration allowed in the APCI. In the second place both of ESI and APCI have their own disadvantages too but they are also different in some way too such as ionization suppression sensitivity. The disadvantages of ESI and APCI are summarized as following respectively. ESI has the main disadvantages such as ionization suppression competition for the ions to get out of the droplet. In addition mobile phase composition can affect sensitivity. As responding to ESI APCI has the different disadvantage. Analytes must be thermally stable up to 130 150C . In addition analytes must be volatile. Electrospray ionization is the primary ion source used in liquid chromatography mass spectrometry because it is a liquid gas interface capable of coupling liquid chomatography with mass spectrometry. While APCI is basically gas phase ionization it is unlike ESI which is a liquid phase ionization process. To make a conclusion both of ESI and APCI have advantages and disadvantages. ESI and APCI are the most often used two methods of sample ionization. How to choose the ion sources depends on what kind of molecules to analyze.
