Saudi Arabia and American Cultures In Saudi Arabia it is usually said the fingers of one hand are not equal . The world has diverse cultures which infer customs of the countries. Saudi Arabia and the United States cultures have some issues are similar and others different. Social life education system and government system are the three points which explain some of the similarities and the differences between Saudi and American culture. The first culture issue is the social life which is the most issue that infer on the culture of any country or nation. In the kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United States American there are several similarities and differences between some of the social life. Family lives eating habits and human relations are the most three examples that represent the social life. First of the all the family lives have several situations are similar and different. For example in Saudi Arabia there are no legally relationships without get married. Family must be stated after got married rather than here in the United States that maybe it is started before that and sometimes they have babes without official parents or fathers. Single mama is one of the results of that situation in the U. S. Regarding the rules of relationships in both culture the father in Saudi Arabia is the officially responsible for take care and spend on his wife and children and some time his parents. On the other hand usually in the U. S. Both parents or one of them who has a custody are the responsible for their children up to they get 18 years old before they independent in the usually situations. The other point about the family lives in Saudi Arabia is countable wives. The man can have more than one wife up to four as the maximum but he must fair between them. That usually is happened for some reasons. For instance he get married another one when someone's wife couldn't have baby for some reason and he wants children and in the same time he dose not like to part if she wants that also. Another example for that when a family of someone dead needs to care often one of the close relative like his brother or his cousin marry the woman after she agree and he will take care for her and her kids. In contrary in the U. S. It is not allow more than one wife. The other example of the social life is eating habits which are mostly similar in the two cultures such as number of meals and eating places. For example there are three meals a day in both cultures and it can eat in a house or a restaurant. The small different is the meal time especially the dinner which is usually had after 9 pm in Saudi Arabia while it is had after 6 pm in the U. S. Culture. The human relations are the last example of the social life. In this time when the world comes open as one world as result of traveling and media exchanges like internet an TV the human relations are more similar especially inside an organization which has a lot branches or business in both country that were helped to decrease gaps between the two cultures. The second point is the education system. Each country looks after the education as one of the basics of the infrastructure. The education is influenced by the culture without changing the fundamental of the education system. For example the subjects that are used to construct the curricula are inspired from the country's culture. The education system in Saudi Arabia is mostly similar in the United States because the majority of the system is imported from the U. S system especially in the university's systems except some issues. For instance the system in Saudi dose not allow males and females studies together that the reason to have twice school of each university's school. In addition there some fields of school in Saudi's universities are only for female like sewing and design school and other only for male like engineering school. On the other hand the American culture also influence in the education system because there are multicultural that effect on. For instance there are some special type of schools and universities like Carol University that is only for females while the system dos not make that. The last cultural point is the government systems such as political and economic systems. The system in Saudi Arabia is Royal system rather than the system in the United States. The culture influences the system such as leadership and economy systems. For example all of the government's cabinets are occupied by males contrary in the U. S. In addition the economy system has a lot of rules depend on the culture. For instance the system prohibits any commerce or business in Alcohols products that are coming from the religion which the most culture inspired from. There are some traditional events and holidays coming from the culture. For example in the U. S. Some holidays like valentine day that people celebrate in. In contract in Saudi people do not celebrate because it is not in their culture and there are some rules prevent people to celebrate in public. Finally there are a lot of similarities and a little difference between the two cultures in many aspects such as the social life education system and government system that will become more similar in the future if the world becomes without strangers.
