The World after Inventing the Airplane Inventions That Changed The World is a BBC production I have been following for a while every episode they present a new invention such as guns computers etc. One of the best episodes I have seen in the show was the episode talked about airplane and how this invention has changed the world. Before inventing the airplane people were traveling using different ways such as trains cars ships horses camels or even on feet which made traveling really tough thing to do for many reasons. After inventing the cars and trains traveling had improved a lot in different aspects but once the airplane invented the whole people life has changed not only traveling and that appeared in different aspects time speed distance cost and convenience as we will be discussing each of them in this essay. In the past before airplane era people spend days and may be months in traveling from place to place take for example if you wanted to travel from Pittsburgh to Washington DC this would take around eight to nine days walking assuming that the road is flat any convenient and you walk ten hours a day. If you travel by horses then you will short the time to one or two days and by car it is even better since it would last for four to five hours depends on the speed. In the other side when it comes to airplane it is something completely different within the same distance this would last for one hour or even shorter. Time saving by traveling through airplane would be extremely valuable when it comes to overseas traveling for example the time you will spend to travel by ship to Japan might be one month could be done by airplane within hours! Interestingly even the long flight might different from one to another according to what is called tail wind which is if you fly against the wind would take longer time than if you are in the same wind's direction so the pilot has to adjust the high level according to the same direction for time and fuel reasons. What has mentioned has led people to travel more often and made people travel different flight in on day which could not be done in the past except in months. Talking about the time in traveling would lead to talk about speed since it is related somehow. We are now in the speed age and every thing goes fast not mention the travel which is the most important thing to be fast. Speed is various as in time the slowest way is traveling on feet and humans average is three miles per hour while on horses it goes up to fifty miles per hour and on cars it can go up to one hundred fifty miles per hour. In airplane the speed also is something way different in the commercial airplane the average speed is five hundreds miles per hour and it can get up to 1000 mile per hour in the advanced jet engines. Talking about time and speed will lead also to talk about distance. Traveling on feet or by any ground transportations are constrained and limited in terms of the distance you can cross for example valleys mountains rivers seas oceans etc the obstacles you encounter when you travel on ground are not there if you travel in the sky. Moreover those obstacles not only will limit you or delay you it also will make the distance far way since you need most of the time to go around in order to avoid them. Some other problems you may face in ground travel are not existed in the fly like detoured roads or work roads. Although the airlines are not all directed from point to point to avoid airplanes accident it is though straighter than ground roads since there are nothing in the air to avoid. Being a cost effective in travel is an important issue in the old days if you want to travel from place to place you need to take everything with you which make it hard to travel alone since you can not carry every thing with you so you may travel with caravan. Traveling in cars or by trains has it is cost as well despite it is not the same cost in traveling with caravan but still it has its cost especially one the long ways though it is vary from case to case. In airplane travel the cost is various too and it sometimes cost from one hundred up to 10 000 depends on the distance class season number of luggage and many other factors. But the cost now is competitive with the new economical airlines companies that offer the less service with best affordable prices. All the differences we talked about time speed distance and cost results in the convenience. How convenient the travel in airplane is If you know that you could travel from east cost to the west cost within the same day and finish your job and return back in the same day and the only thing you need is a slip written on it the flight number and the seat number called ticket you will no this is could not be easies what so ever. And before inventing the airplane if you told someone about this story he will believe you are an idiot but it is real now!
