Although the widespread publicity of many plane crashes planes are still one of the safest methods of transportation. The fear of flying has risen dramatically in the past few years. Whenever there is a crash there is usually a large loss of life involved. Airplane crashes have their own characteristics and each broken airplane has its own story. Airplane terrorism is a very real and fatal subject. The flight team should be properly trained and qualified for the fight. The flight team should be tested for the presence of alcohol and illegal drugs. Airplane crashes include weather mechanical failure design deficiencies fuel tank explosions human factors and many crashes still have unknown causes. The leading cause of airplane crashes is mistake by the flight team. The flight team includes every single person who involves in flight. The most important are engineers pilots person operating the signal system and fuel changers. Recently an airplane crash happened on February 13 2008 at Los Rogues Venezuela. The airplane ran off the end of the runway while attempting to land causing the lending gear to collapse . Another example was on February 7 2008 at EL Sebio Dominican Republic. Plane crash occurred during landing while losing its engine. The weather is another cause of airplane crashes. Although bad weather is being announced but in spite of that the weather is unpredictable and uncontrollable. For example airplane crash occurred on February 1 2008 at near Trinidad Bolivia. Because of bad weather caused the pilot to change its route to Trinidad. The plane ran out of fuel and crashed 5 km short of the runway. None of the 151 passengers or crew of 8 were killed. Airplane terrorism or high jacking is also another reason of airplane crashes. There are great rush of the passengers who are travelling by planes now a days. The airport security relies on the metal detector which is a machine so there may be some problem in it. For example the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie Scotland on December 21 1988 and another similar bombing on an Air India flight in June 1985 are forever fixed in our memories. Around 1 000 aircraft passengers have been killed in the past ten years due to terrorist bomb attacks on civilian airplanes. To avoid the airplane crashes it is the duty of the airplane companies that they should educate their flight team. They should select the new and good condition airplane. They should make their aviation system better. They should try to develop better weather detection system so that they can have bad weather information prior to an incident. They should enhance their security system. We can reduce the airplane crashes by solving the above problem. The web from where I get info about airplane crashed is ANON URLPAGE
