Traffic In Pittsburgh And Traffic In Seoul Korea One day cars look like having a race in the morning on the middle of downtown Seoul. Many cars are running very fast sounding the horn. It looks like that someone would give a prize if the cars drive the fastest on the road. The people never yield and even smile. The police officers and the drivers on the street are so busy they are not themselves. Before I came to Pittsburgh I used to drive my car and take a bus in Korea. Then arriving to Pittsburgh though I had taken a bus before I got a driver license I got a Pennsylvania driver license and became be able to drive here as well. Therefore I've experienced both area Pittsburgh and Seoul. There is no analogy between two cities but some differences transportations the style of drive and some emerging social problems. Wherever people live they should take a bus or subway before they come to be able to drive a car. In Korea many usually take a bus or subway. It is not only fast but economical. Although Seoul is several times as larger than Pittsburgh the subway takes people everywhere they want to in Seoul. For Bus there is the road only for buses on center of the road. Whereas most private cars get stuck in the much traffic buses can run much faster than the cars. Moreover if people want to take one of them most transportations run every less than 10minutes. On the contrary Pittsburgh is a little bit different from Seoul. There are the subway lines just in some area not everywhere in Pittsburgh. It is said that only a third of Pittsburgh areas have a subway lines. Also few buses run in Pittsburgh except the area of downtown and Oakland. Most people who drive a car in the morning have many complains about that and rather choose to drive. The cost of the transportations is also not that low so if they are not Pitt student or someone who is able to use them for free they should spend lots of money on the transportation. Second the style of driving in two cities is totally different. Seoul the capital city of Korea is very busy and traffic is also too busy. However the drivers drive so fast and roughly. It is said that Seoul is more crowded than New York. In downtown Seoul the sound of horn is endless so it is even not really easy to stay outside long time. People in Seoul big city tend to be rash and in hurry. Because every driver drives too fast and rough slow drivers cannot drive in Seoul and they drive with reluctance. Police officers sometimes block streets to catch people who drunk. Given the control many people try not to drink before they drive. However many people still die by DUI or car accident. The death related car constitutes majority of death in Korea. Korean government must think up an innovative regulation for the death by car. On the contrary however most drivers in Pittsburgh are so calm and gentle that people rarely sound horn unless they are in big danger. Also they are willing to yield each other and that impress some foreigners like Koreans. If a person sounds horn loudly the person must feel guilty of that. Many Asians are surprised to drive and cannot get used to the gentle drivers. Even people who were not able to drive in Korea because it is too busy are able to drive very well in Pittsburgh. On the other hand people who used to drive just in Pittsburgh are not able to drive in Seoul or have an accident because it is not easy to drive any more. Third there are many different social problems between two cities. Two big problems in Korea are Parking spaces and the expensive gas. One fifth of whole Koreans live in Seoul which is the capital of Korea and most family has at least one car. Parking fee is so expensive and even people struggle against their neighbors for parking space. It is funny that they fight each other for parking space but it's a big problem in Seoul. Some neighbors even use their public park as parking space. Seoul citizen have to give up their precious place for car parking. Also the gas which is another problem in Korea is so expensive. The cost of the gas in Korea is twice as expensive as that of the gas in the USA. That's why Korean people say Gas is Gold in Korea. For car Korean government should fix infrastructure of these problems. However it is good that Pittsburgh doesn't have to worry about these problems thanks to the US government and big area of nation. In conclusion there are several differences between traffic in Seoul and in Pittsburgh. For transportation Seoul is better than Pittsburgh because Seoul is a huge city and people like a speed. However for other things namely the style of drive and some emerging social problems Pittsburgh is much better than Seoul. So Korean should learn about gentle driving etiquette from Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh should learn about good system of transportation from Seoul. If so both must become great city about traffic.
