Obese Children This child is Fat. Chubby husky pleasantly plump roly poly words said to characterize childhood obesity and overweight in curricula language. But the question to ask Is the issue about names or is there much more to it that makes it of importance The fact is that Childhood obesity is a growing problem all over the world and specifically in the United States. It has been identified as one of the largest public health and nutrition concerns in the United States since 1970. Karp R. 1993 Recent data from the National Center for Health Statistics NCHS estimated 16 percent of children and adolescents ages 6 19 years are overweight. According to Stors M. Holt K. Sofka D. 2002 Obesity is a rising problem that includes other factors too these figures suggest that childhood obesity affects adult mortality and mobility. In this research paper I will be investigating the causes of childhood obesity whish are family influence mass media and child Psychology. Family Influence One of the first causes that affect child obesity is family influence. Immediate family members shape the child habits and food choice the regularity of healthy meals and healthy daily routine of life. They help the child develop good or bad eating habits by establishing the environment in which food is shared. The family will also create an attitude towards food be it a source for nutrition and health that has specific rules or a source of pleasure and snacking at anytime Stors M. Et al. 2002 . Mothers are the most important family members that play an important role in the child's' life and well being. The relationship between a child and a mother starts at an early age since the child is a fetus. As the child grows up he she adopts the mother's values and seeks her approval of his or her actions. She is the provider of milk at infancy and she continues to provide proper food for him to grow. In some cases the mother's role in the child's food and nutrition if affected especially if she is a working mother. In this case meal time and nutritional food is not always available. For example children of working mothers don't get to have regular breakfast they are usually awake after the time the mother is already out or they are left at home to choose from donuts or hotdog sandwiches that their mother hurriedly put on the breakfast table. Stors M. Et al. 2002 . Though this might be the general case there are however some working mothers who are able to find a balance between their work and children. They are able to provide nutritious food for their children. But in general working mothers can't seem to find the balance between their professional jobs and their roles as a mother. Children and Mass media It is known that Television has become an integral part of the daily activities of the American family Trahms C. M. And Pipes P. L. 1997 P. 90 . So media has its impact on the whole family not only the child. In addition to the fact that Americans are used to snacking while watching T. V. It has been proven through studies that children spend about 26 hours per week watching TV. This means that the average child watches three hours of television advertising per day and sees approximately 19 000 to 22 000 commercials per year. Trahms C. M. And Pipes P. L. 1997 . For example a study of Saturday morning cartoons shows that 71 of the commercials were for food products and 8 were for food of low nutrition value. What is emphasized during commercial is that sweetness and richness are the best characteristics of food. The child's choice of food will be based on these commercials and will eventually destroy a child's natural curiosity to taste other food like fresh vegetables for instance. Trahms C. M. And Pipes P. L. 1997 P. 192 It has been demonstrated that Television influences the family in three ways 1 When the family goes shopping they tend to buy the food that they have seen on T. V that is most probably low in nutrition and high in calories. 2 Commercials usually show the use of food as a measure if entertainment and not to satisfy hunger. 3 Rarely would we see an overweight child in these ads and that sends the message that inappropriate use of food has no impact on health and nutrition Trahms C. M. And Pipes P. L. 1997 P. 194 Therefore the consequences of media and television advertising are unavoidable and that is because those advertisements are specifically designed to target those little children who are so vulnerable to crafted messages of consumptions . Trahms C. M. And Pipes P. L. 1997 P. 194 . Obesity and Child Psychology Other factors like psychological stress and emotional depression can be a cause of childhood obesity . The factors can show up at an early age because a child usually expresses his her fears about self image and being overweight. Wilds C. L 2006 . However signs of psychological problem are usually associated and discovered with adolescents than younger children. Factors that contribute to that are that an obese child is usually isolated and are less likely to be chosen as friends. It is known that approval from peers is particularly important to the development of self esteem in adolescents Wilds C. L 2006 P. 38 . So friends' rejection in addition to lack of family support to solve the problem of being overweight can result in a child feeling discriminated against and depressed. An obese child has increased sadness loneliness and nervousness when compared to a non obese child Wilds C. L 2006 P. 45 . These factors can lead to high risk behaviors like smoking and drinking alcohol Wilds C. L 2006 P. 44 . Some others when asked about their life in relation with Quality of Life have a very bad image of themselves and equated their Quality of life similar to children and adolescents diagnosed with having cancer Wilds C. L 2006 P. 42 Diabetes and Obesity If obesity has psychological effects and long run complications on a child's health and wellbeing then it also has a physiological effect on the child's body and that is type1 Diabetes formerly called juvenile diabetes . Diabetes type 1 can affect children regardless of whether they are obese or not because it occurs at an early stage of life. Diabetes type 1 is a chronic disease of the autoimmune system and the body doesn't produce the insulin hormone. Insulin hormone is important because it is needed to carry sugar to the cells and in turn cells produce the energy needed for daily activities. A child's life with type 1 diabetes might be different usually the child is dependent on his her parents to manage their glucose level food intake physical activity on daily basis Stors M. Et al. 2002 . An affected child will be in need of a family member to help in administering insulin injections and parents may have some problems monitoring their child especially at the time he she spends at school. We now also see cases where a child or a teen with diabetes type 2 which usually affect adults ANON_URLSPAGE_. The reason for that is unknown but still it is recommended that children with BMI greater than 85th percent should be screened for type 2 diabetes as well. Conclusion To conclude obesity prevention is everybody's task. Parents are not the only ones responsible for child's health. Since the problem is on the rise efforts should be put together to provide a healthy environment for the child to grow fit and healthy. Governments should make the policies school and various organizations should help in applying these policies. Consequently the community collaborates to support those legislations and policies to guarantee success of the plan . It is only by combining these efforts together that children of the United States will find the right environment to grow into healthier productive adults. They will be able then to serve the country and prepare the proper environment for many generations to come after them those children suffering from obesity problem now will help in the protection of the future of children once their problem is solved.
