Youth is the nicest period of the time even it brings several difficult problems. Drugs are one of the most serious problem facing today's young generation. Why do some teenagers use drugs Teen drug abuse can occur for many reasons some of which are low self esteem misunderstandings and being without parents and helping friendship in the group. At first teens often begin using drugs because of low self esteem. Teens are very sensitive during adolescence. Usually at this time they received so many new information about the life like first love kiss problem and many others. They are trying to understand everything by self and they don't want to have help of the other people. That's why they start to use drugs to be more powerful strong and brave enough to solve many situation quickly. They don't scared of anything because they are under influence of drugs which means they often smile and giggle inappropriately talk incoherently act tired and hallucinate. It gives them lot of energy to feel better free and stronger again. Secondly other reason why teens start to use drugs is because parents aren't with them all the time. We know that in many families both of the parents work outside the home so they often come at home too late in the middle of the night or they don't come. Parents have also many problems and difficulties how to take care of children to earn enough money for family or to give the best education for their children. Because they are trying to do a lot of things for the family and also for children they don't notice that their children are loosing in front of them. They don't pay attention to their children's other needs because they don't have time to talk with them. It happens in many families that children starts to do what they want. Teens stop to study in school or the worst they stop attend school because they want to be in heaven or another world. They spend less time at home what leads to the situation that they exactly don't study enough. Even they show warning signs to their parents parents may not be aware of it. I think parents should give most of their time during adolescence because later parents opinions will be more different from the opinions of their children and this is the reason to argue. Third the most often reason using drugs is keeping friendship in the group. They are using drugs to gain respect in a gang. The thing is that still more and more young people spend their free time in the different night clubs pubs or restaurant. Because they want to be seen cool and want to have instant friends they are trying to fit into a group. They take a drug for the first time from friend and later they cant stop they become drug abusers. In my opinion this is the most serious reason why they start to be more closer to drugs. I heard many tragedies that happened in my country with young people. Everything because of drugs. They are able to kill other friends to have more drug. In addition young people can get also to the groups of skinheads or fight again international monopolies. It is very sad because we know that these groups can became dangerous for the next future. In my life I met a lot of people who wanted to offer me drugs but they were only soft. I don't want to lie I tried it but only once in my life and I know I don't want to try it anymore in the future. Yes young people in the groups of friend want to have fun and happiness that's why they don't care and they try it to take it more often. Many people can easily to know who is under the influence or control of drug. Some of the symptoms are red eyes slow pupils and slow movements. All in all there are still more and more drug abuse teens. They have many reasons why they start to touch for drug. And this is one of the most serious problem of today's young society. I believe that it is good that people can notice the changes like a sudden break up of long friendship a notable difference in clothing changes in behavior and friends. Maybe that person don't know how to stop and maybe they need our help. I have described only few reasons why teens start to take drugs but I am sure there are many more and one day we may solve them.
