The Intelligence Factors Many know Sir Isaac Newton but how many know his life before his first theory In fact many will be surprised when they know he was lazy and careless student especially in science classes such as Math and Physic! He had grown up without his parents in less than normal life and poor neighborhood which affected him to study well because there was not encouraged. The intelligent wasn't born with him. In the certain time He has become intelligence hence many factors which converted his life. Most of these factors are the environment learning and experience which usually effect on the intelligence. The first factor is an environment. The intelligence is like a plant which needs seed to grow that is the environment which is the main base that always feed the brain and effect on the intelligence since the beginning of childhood. Family and neighborhood are the most core sources of the knowledge. For instant in the one filed of science usually it is appeared e genius scientifics from same family or district such as Madam Curie who had been awarded the Nobel Prize in physics. Her family also has continued her researches. The environment sometime constrains a person to development his self or to create extra ordinary that against it. For example in the beginning centuries in Europe the death was only the reward for anyone tries to create a new smart product. The second one is the learning. In my country Saudi Arabia say the learning in youth is like drawing in rock . The intelligence needs learning as a plant needs the water where the environment as the seed. Imagine a baby without his parent's help and feeding he will cry then die. On the contrary if they look after the baby that absolutely will raise him well and improve his life when that continues. In the actual life each one has different abilities and skills that usually are difficult to decide which knowledge area in which s he will be innovative. On the other hand some people are adept at an area other than their filed of study. So the learning has diverse levels and types which affect the intelligent levels until it reaches a limit where extra change will be modest without practice and experience. All the knowledge in the books is like a drop in the oceans. Where our lives have a lot of events usually books do not mention that experiences which is the third factor affects the intelligence. After the plant is watered and grown it needs to adapt its self with the most challenging obstacles to survive that is the experience of the intelligence. The intelligent people always like to shape their talents. For example the intelligent scientists are found in labs and they could explain and describe a lot thing through their observations. Sometimes they receive awards such as Nobles Prize for their creative attempts if they survive . The most experience comes from training and sharing knowledge like attending forums and workshops. It can say the experience in the intelligence after learning is like the dessert after heavy meal. Eventually there are many factors effect the intelligence through the life. Environ ment learning and experience factors are most of them. Parents are responsible for part of their children mental development and then later in life it became dependent on each individual either to continue or to stop. The intelligence needs to care and improve every time in the life to get great result and increasing. Sir Newton was lost some of them before there something was changed in his life when an apple fell down a tree! Because he had extreme talents to avoid his boring life he made up his life as new porn with dream environment and hidden supported was encouraged him and broken down the difficulty walls of his life that added many of value and useful theories and knowledge in our modern life that require the environment and families cooperation to build new Intelligent generation.
