Ramadan month There are a lot of questions about Ramadan month still ongoing among people who are non Muslims. Like what they do in this month and what the purpose from their fasting and why they do it. Ramadan month is the month of god as our god says in the quran which is the holy book for all muslims. As we know Ramadan is the holy and famous month than others. People there try to eager their god by doing a lot of work on it. Such as reading the holy book invited people to your home to eat the breakfast and pray as much as you can. Because there are extra prayers in this month. For example night prayer. So people try to do this to gain what the god promised. Like gain much favor from a god. Ramadan month is the month of Allah Allah said. We see most of people respect this months much than other months. Because god open the mercies doors. Especially in this months. People believe that all what they do by adoring the god. So the god forgive them and give them favors. People believe when they fasting fasting keep their body avoid a lot of diseases and fasting will give them the angry and active. Because they follow what their prophet said for them when you fast your body will be healthy . Ramadan month is the greatest month for all muslims. They bring under to their god by following what his prophet said like obey your parents and don't say any thing bad to them. Also try to favor all your foes. People compete between each other to obey or follow what the god said. The purpose from fasting during Ramadan month that is to let rich people feels about poor people. So when they fast they feel by compel because they will feel how the poor people suffer and how much they are weakly. Therefore they try to cooperate or contribute by anything they can do it to help this people. Ramadan has some of etiquette which muslims try to begin with it and do it. For example they start by eating dates and drink water. Like drinking etiquette what the Imam ANON_NAME_0 said water is the superior beverage in this world and in the hereafter . So for the people who don't have any idea about Ramadan month maybe they get some information about Ramadan month. And they think how people view Ramadan in depth worship.
