These days many people are aiming for success in life. Although the result of the success is different depending on what they desire it is definitely true that everyone wants to feel the happiness of the success in their own way. Actually to succeed in life some requisites are needed such as intelligence money and degrees of higher education. Also some people might think that being lucky affects success more than hard work. However being lucky has nothing to do with success in life because it is one of the biggest impediments rather than getting benefits from luck and depending on how much effort people make to do something people achieve success differently. First of all people need to concentrate fully when they would like to conduct their work successfully. However while they are focusing on their work they sometimes lose the flow and they have difficulties to continue the work. At that time they often think of being lucky in other words by being lucky they hope to succeed in their fields more easily earlier and better. Some people spend much time looking for luck such as making assumptions and following superstitions. In fact those two do not help practically people succeed in life. This is because finding the luck makes people neglect to do their main work so the neglect might cause people to take a longer time for success in life. As a result being lucky is one of obstacles to concentrate deeply on main work instead of getting advantages from that for success. Second success depends on how much effort people make rather than having the luck. Some people say that it is difficult to succeed in life because they were not born with the luck. Also they think that a person who is lucky needs to make less effort than one who is not lucky. However being lucky comes from making effort so it never happens alone in other words a person who is not working very hard cannot have luck. For example when I was a high school student I had a friend who thought that she had great luck. Although she slept during her classes and she never did her homework she usually easily got an A on her exam. Everyone thinks she definitely will go to one of the top universities because of her great luck. On the other hand I tried to listen to every word from my teachers in classes but it was not very easy to get an A. One year after I became a high school student I chose a complex way to go to university successfully. This is that I participated in a leadership program and a musical circle besides classes to gain various kinds of knowledge. As a result when I was in my final year in my high school having much experience besides my classes allowed me to enter university earlier than the other students. While I was in high school I was sometimes exhausted because of many school tasks studying position as a leader and performing in musicals. However finally my effort which was not based on being lucky helped me enroll in university earlier and in better university than my friend who had great luck. Thinking about being lucky might help people view success in a positive way. This is because the luck could encourage them. However the time that people spend on finding the luck might often give people nothing to do with success. In addition when people realize that they do not get many rewards from their luck they are sometimes frustrated. In worse case they give up what they are working on. Instead of that if the people spend the time on making effort or concentrating on their work they will definitely get much more advantages than getting only the luck.
