The Japanese Jury System Needs More Discussions Are you familiar with the jury system In 2009 the jury system is going to be introduced in Japan. Actually the system was being enforced from 1928 to 1943 in Japan. However it was stopped because it took huge expenses and was not fit for Japanese people thinking that jury trials were unreliable. At present a trial is judged by juristic professionals. In the future however Japanese people are going to be partly responsible for judgment in court. Would it be possible that Japanese people could get accustomed to the system I think the Japanese government is trying to introduce it without enough consideration and people's understanding of it. It might face a big difficulty soon after it starts. Introducing the jury system in Japan is too early people can be demanded comprehension of trial and time and get psychological damage. The first concern is that lack of knowledge and attitude about law or trials can lead to misjudging. Jurors take on a responsible task judging a person which affects the person's life directly. One of the purposes is said to be that it reflects the social common sense in a trial so it is assumed jurors do not need special knowledge. However would it be really true To judge a case at least jurors are required understanding information and technical terms. Otherwise the judgment could lead to misjudgment or even worse a false charge. Furthermore jurors need a sober attitude and detached judgment. They are not supposed to have any prejudice. However what if a case is child abuse What if they watch a TV gossip show Would it be possible that untrained regular people do not have any prejudice or empathy It could influence their judgment. To do a juror's role I think people need a certain period of training. If it required jurors to be trained it would be the best way that trained juristic professionals take care of trials. The next concern is that jury duty can rob jurors of their time. This duty is considered to be a responsibility of citizens that is supposed to be approved by the society. However what would the person who is chosen as a juror and his or her company think about it The company is not to treat a juror unfairly but it would be true it could make the company busier to take care of extra work because the person is absent. Also could the juror be absent from work without feeling guilty at all Moreover can jurors get enough payment If the person owns a business and cannot make enough money for the duty it will impact his or her life directly. It might also lose customers or its reputation during temporary closing. It is possible people cannot find value in taking part in the system if they see the disadvantages. Even homemakers are not exceptions. They cannot leave early during a trial or session even if they have to pick their children up or prepare dinner. I was wondering how many people can do this duty and want to do it. If many people avoided playing a jury role because it could cause extra trouble in their lives the jury system would merely make a trial delayed and not work well. Finally there are some possibilities jurors could be damaged mentally. They are going to deal with felony trials so they sometimes have to read a murder report or see pictures of victims of a criminal. Ordinary people hardly ever have opportunities to see such a report or pictures so I am concerned if they get traumatized after they see them. If the government thinks the jury system is a duty it should sufficiently prepare to provide mental care for jurors. I feel anxious about whether government had considered well about it. I believe jurors should not be caused serious health damage by the duty. It does not make sense if it is a more harmful system than a good one. Before the conclusion I have one concern. Although this is my best guess the government is just trying to catch up with the customs of G8. The eight countries except Japan have the jury system or a similar one. The government might be just concerned about the absence of it so I guess it is trying a hasty enactment. I hope my guess is wrong though. My guess aside I think the jury system still has some matters to discuss. It will run into difficulty to proceed without any trouble in the near future unless the Japanese government and people have full discussions about it. Furthermore the system did not penetrate in the Japanese society in the past because people could not believe in its reliability. Could it be accepted this time For a certainty people will be interested in judicial system or trials after its enforcement. However in the Cabinet Office's survey in 2005 seventy percent of citizens said they do not want to take the role of a juror. Would it work well with such citizens' reluctance Also the present system is operating pretty well. In spite of this fine system why is it going to be introduced now The system needs sufficient discussions. It is better that it will be introduced only after the public understands it enough. We can wait until then because we have not been caring about it for sixty years already.
