After we crash a flight attendant opened back door quickly and she tell us to 'Get out get out get away from the plane '' a passenger told CNN in accented English ANON_URLSITE_August 25 2005 . This is an event that a plane crashed in Peru that killed at least 31 passengers in 2005. I think you watched or heard many similar things on the television or radio. Investigators of NTSB the National Transportation Safety Board always employ many sciential techniques to rebuild the plane wreckage in order to find the crash cause. Regarding to the causes of plane crashes in my opinion there are several causes of airplane crashes including anthropogenic factors bad weather and mechanical problems. Anthropogenic factor is one of the causes of the airplane crashes. These anthropogenic factors could result from one person's mistake or wrong directions of controllers. For example if a pilot takes an airliner into a short runway it could lead to that the airplane's accelerated time is too short to support enough lifting during taking off time. In 2006 at Lexington airport Kentucky an experienced pilot took off on a runway too short to accommodate his commercial jet rather than the longer one. Former NTSB Vice Chairman Bob Francis said that the twin engine jet would have needed about 5 000 feet of runway for a successful takeoff. ANON_URLSITE_August 29 2006 This fatal 3 500 foot runway results in a serious accident killing 49 of the 50 people onboard. Another important cause of the airplane crashes is bad weather. The airplane structure and communication equipment may be threatened by bad weather such as thunderstorm typhoons and tornados as well as ice runway. However a sudden crosswind called wind shear is the most fatal cause because it may lead to upset the airplane. It is very lethal situation that one side of the airplane is hit by a suddenly prevailing wind during taking off or landing on a runway. For instance a Boeing 737 plane crash in Peru in 2005 that killed at least 31 passengers was possibly caused by a sudden change in wind speed or direction ANON_URLSITE_August 25 2005 . As a result of the wind shear the plane crashed when approaching the runway. Finally the most important cause is mechanical problems. There are many mechanical problems of plane crashes including break system failure engine failure and landing gear failure and so on. Before the plane take off engineers have to carefully check out whole parts of the plane it is scarcely happen during a long term trip. However it is fatal if some mechanical problems happen. In 2006 an Airbus A 310 with 204 people touched down smoothly on a rain slicked airport in Siberia. The official Russian Information Agency cited an investigator who said the airplane's hydraulic braking system had failed after the pilots turned on the reverse thrusters. The airplane after landing became uncontrollable The New York Times July 10 2006 . Due to the breaking failure many families broke forever. In sum although there are many causes of the plane crashes including anthropogenic factors whether factors and machine factors an airplane is still the most safe transportation tool among many kinds of transportation tools. Many people doubt whether taking airplane is safe or not. I think that with new techniques emerge the accident rate has already under the standard of the risk rate. We don't need to worry about that am I next victim When we concentrate on the advantages of airplanes instead of the crashes we become more jovial and expansive.
