In Italy we say Do not act with anybody as you don't want anybody acts with you . However even if for a lot of people telling the truth is one of the most important values sometimes a lie occurs. It's possible to identify three main spheres of life in which a man can choose between the truth and a lie job friend relationship and love relationship. In each of these spheres telling the truth is at the base of the respect for other people and it is one of the most important consideration. A lie in the job place could be useful to hide a fault or to try to take advantage on other competitors. In both the situations there is an easy outcome that makes the liar happy for the ability of masking the reality. Although this kind of satisfaction is fake and not always prolific in the long run. In fact not always it's possible to hide completely a mistake with a lie as not always the advantage on the competitors will remain unchanged if it was gained unfairly. A more realistic scenario could show a decrease in the trust that other people have in us as soon as the truth emerges from the lie. In a friend relationship a lie is one of the most difficult thing to understand. Why we have to lie to a friend If he she is a friend of us he she is sharing with us a lot of feeling has lived lots of experiences and adventures with us. Why we have fear of a friend Looking at the matter from the point of view of who receive the lie this behavior is unbelievable. There is no reason for which a friend can lie to another friend. Usually when a lie occurs it marks the end of a friendship because the more you love someone the more something like a lie can hurt you. It's not something that will last forever. Maybe the liar could have a second chance. However it' better not to risk a friendship. In a love relationship a lie can be like a bomb for the same reasoning developed in the paragraph above. It's impossible to understand the sensation of feeling that we don't trust anymore our partner. Why he she lied to us Sometimes there is the fear of hurt the sensitivity of someone sometimes we have no courage to admit our faults. Anyway we can loose one of the most important person in our life. In fact if telling the truth we can risk a fight for sure telling a lie we can make a period at the relationship. In conclusion telling a lie is like crossing a line. After the crossing is difficult to come back and gain one more time the trust of people tha
