Have you ever experienced the situation that you can not tell truth to your parents or friends There are some people who say that telling the truth is the most important consideration in any relationship. However I don't think so. Sure telling the truth is one of the integral components to continue good relationships but it's not always. Here are two main situations that telling the false is better than telling the truth. First you could tell the lie not to make it worse the relationship between you and your friend. For example you are on a date with your girlfriend or boyfriend . If your girlfriend asks you that you have ever had a girlfriend before her what are you going to say She probably wants to know about your previous girlfriend and even more of your past. Maybe You can tell her the truth but it's not a good idea. That is because that a person in general wants to know about it more and more if their friend say something. In this situation you can tell the lie instead of truth so that improve your relationship. Second there's a situation that telling the lie gives hope to someone. Imagine one of your closest friend has a cancer. The doctor says that there's no possibility that your friend could live and he or she has only a month left. Then what can you tell your friend who asks you about his condition Some people may believe that telling the truth telling him his real condition is the best way to help him to prepare his left life. However it could be the other way around. Most of people are frustrated when they hear that they have a cancer finally they give up their left life. In Contrast the people who believe that their disease is not critical have a strong will for life. At this point telling the truth could be a poison. In conclusion telling the false is sometimes better than telling the truth. Sure in most situation telling the truth is good. However because the purpose of choosing telling the lie instead of truth is good it could help to improve your relationship in some situations.
