Advantages of Taking the ELI Courses Since many years ago many international students have come to study in America. Everyone knows that the TOEFL test is used as a measure of students' English ability. However having a high score in the TOEFL test isn't equal having enough English ability. Many international students still have difficulties in their first year in America especially in academic courses. In my opinion to help them to solve this problem taking the ELI courses in advance is the better choice. There will be some advantages for international students if they do so. First of all most international students study English in their own language. If they study in the ELI they will use English to learn English. For instance in Taiwan English courses are required from elementary school. Even though we begin to learn English so early many people still have trouble in speaking and listening. Since most of our teachers use Chinese to teach English students need to translate these two languages all the time. In addition Chinese and English have completely different linguistic systems. The more we use Chinese to explain English the more confusion we may have. Moreover in the ELI students are from different countries. They are forced to speak and listen to English every moment. Otherwise they will not able to communicate with each other. No doubt every student has their own accent of speaking English and not everyone's level is equal. However this situation is a great chance to practice English. When students make contact with each other sometimes it is difficult for someone to understand the meaning. Therefore the speaker has to explain it in English or try to pronounce more clearly. It will encourage students to improve their English thinking. Finally in America international students not only need to use English in the school but also have to do so outside classrooms. When they studied English in their native countries usually they only used English inside classrooms. After finishing English courses only their native language is around them. On the other hand if students want to survive in America they must use English everywhere such as ordering a meal in McDonalds or buying commodities in the grocery. Thus studying in the ELI also helps international students practice English all the time and be used to living in America before their regular college or university courses. In conclusion I suggest that international students whose English abilities are not strong enough should study in the ELI at least one term before attending colleges or universities. They can contact the English lectures earlier develop English thinking and get used to American life in advance. Furthermore these three advantages have the same purpose that is to practice English everywhere and any time.
