Working in a small company is better than in a big company for ambitious workers There are two options for a job seeker whether to work in a big or in a small company. There are many factors that determine the best choice. Although working in big company has some better features than working in small company such as career potential and financial stability it ignores many good features that confirm that working in a small company is better than in a big company for ambitious workers. Worker in a small company can find much more flexible work habits personal creativity friendly environment less bureaucracy and new skills learning. Flexible work habits are much more common in small companies. Change is much easer than in big companies. For example working hours can be adjusted to workers' needs In contrast in a big company with many branches that follow same work procedures which is difficult to change according to workers of one branch's needs. Moreover a small company opens doors for worker creativity and ingenuity to improve the work. In the big company the change process is much more complicated. It is not easy to implement workers' ideas that may affect the company's progress in one way or another. Working in a big company is less friendly following the work procedures according to its hierarchy. Most of the time it is not suitable to contact the top management for any of the workers' concerns. Actually the top management people are much busier doing other things than listening to an industrious worker. In addition a worker in small company can be promoted vertically much faster since the company has limited hierarchy. In a large company the large number of competent workers and its bigger hierarchy limit promotion chances. In general large companies have much more bureaucracy than small ones. This aspect affect there employees too. For example a long paper work process is needed when applying for vacation promotion or compensation. On the other hand this can be eliminated in small organizations that normally have less bureaucracy. Finally worker of a big company has to follow a limited job description most of the time and he has very limited chances to experience other tasks that he can learn and new skills which are very useful for young employee's credentials. Mostly the worker productivity will be focused on a single task that limits the worker learning process. Therefore working in a small company has many promising factors for a motivated worker rather than working in a big company. By remembering that the successful small company will be big by time therefore its worker will be big too. In conclusion work in an undersized business is better for striving workers than in a large business.
