Effect cause essay Nowadays the media including televisions newspapers magazines and the internet etc has played a crucial role in our lives. When you browse newspapers or watch TV do you be aware of a phenomenon that celebrities' private lives rather than performance they achieve always dominate headlines For example details about the personal life of Britney Spears always are popular in the media recently such as she married she devoiced and she hospitalized etc. Only the news of president election can be hot as much as it. What causes it to happen One explanation is people themselves prefer to tabloid news. Compared with other kinds of news tabloid news seems to be easier to capture their attention. However no matter what reasons are one fact we can't deny is that the prevalence of tabloid news has influenced our lives including adolescents celebrities themselves even news itself. First of all news which overly concentrates on the private lives of famous people has distracted adolescents from their studies. Moreover it is possible to distort their values. Adolescents carve to live independently meanwhile some of them haven't hold the principle enough strong to live independently. In most situations these youths incline to imitate people they admire. However they fail to recognize what is good or bad. Most stars in tabloid news always look perfect and enchanting and they live in luxury which has lured teenagers into the overwhelmed admiration for them. When the media helps teenagers learn the world are full of various gossip news they also have been lured to put a great deal of time and energy on them. Consequently they have no longer cared about their academic performance. What they desire is living like a star with perfect appearance expensive clothes and luxurious life. Most seriously some adolescents have paid the price of life in the pursuit of their idols. For example TV and newspaper frequently report that movie stars insist on losing weight even if they are extremely slim which is easy to cause to some anxiety and pressure among young people. As a result more and more girls suffer anorexia and other health problems these days. Secondly famous people also have been victims of tabloid news. Since they become celebrities all their past experience is dug up by the media especially mistakes they made. And these faults are mentioned again and again in public. It is no longer possible for them to choose their lives freely even if it is walking in the street alone or going shopping with their friends without disturbance. And details of their lives are observed recorded and overstated. Celebrities bear so much attention that they have to conceal their real personality to cater the population taste. Some Chinese stars are afraid to admit they have been married in public because it is possible to damage their public impression among the young generation. In fact the pressure derived from constant observation contributes to the shocking suicide rate among celebrities. In addition some of them suffered from psychiatric diseases like Britney Spears. Others died in the traffic accidence triggered by paparazzi like Princess ANON_NAME_0. In addition tabloid news has serious damaged the true meaning of news. News should honestly report what is happening in our era and enlighten us. The press is regarded the king without crown. On the contrary the tabloid is full of smut and other unhealthy news. Perhaps its solo advantage is to make people fun. However this fun is built on the pain of others. It just is a kind of snack culture which fails to provide us any nutrition. Some people argue that we have right to know everything. However on one hand freedom of news shouldn't have invaded the privacy of others. On the other putting too much attention on tabloid news has made it possible for modern people to ignore more valuable information embrace superficial reading taste and even cultivate passive values. For example some critics consider now some Chinese people are losing their belief. They prefer to discuss the luxury and stock and give up the pursuit of their ideal. Sometimes they just know what they want but they don't know what they need. This terrible decline of belief among Chinese people could partly be ascribed to unhealthy news prevails in China at present. In sum tabloid news has exerted negative influences on our lives. We should not overly focus on the private lives of famous people. We can't deny that people have right to know the truth. However we should keep the balance between the fact and the freedom to cater human beings' curiosity. Sometimes curiosity could kill the cat . Actually for those celebrities we just need to concern his her performance in their fields rather than knowing if they have had an extramarital affair or defaulted on a loan twenty years ago. It is urgent that we should create the healthy and suitable environment to report the news.
