Which major to choose the Hobby or the Market! When you graduate from high school you start to think about your future and which major to choose. Choosing the appropriate major is usually a huge and a difficult task for college students. As a consequence some students have specific criteria for which major to choose. Some might choose a major which has a scarcity in the market because they think that they can make lots of money quickly. Others might choose a major which is related to their interests and their hobbies. In my opinion to accomplish many elements in your life it is more important to choose a major that you like rather than choosing a major based on the market because you will be comfortable successful and good time manger. First of all one of these elements which is usually important for all people is to be comfortable at school and later at work. For this reason you have to choose a major which is related to your interest otherwise your life might be uncomfortable or even a nightmare. In addition when you choose your favorite major you will be entertained in your studies and later in work. You will not have stressful classes or work even if you have a lot of work in your classes or job and you spend the whole night studying or working. In contrast you will not enjoy your studies or work and you might have a stressful time especially when you have a lot of work to do. For instance if someone's hobby is using computers he will be very happy if he chooses to study computer science because this field will be enjoyable and easier for him. On the other hand if this person chooses other major which he might not like but the market needs his life will be uncomfortable and even more like a nightmare. In addition he will not have enough time to do his hobby. Ultimately he might skip classes or work which can cause him a lot of troubles. Second if you want to be successful you have to choose a major which you like otherwise you will be unsuccessful if you choose a major which is only related to the market. When you start studying at college in a major that you like you will work very hard in this field. In addition you will enjoy studying or working later in this field. Therefore you will earn high grades and will get a lot of raises later in your job. On the other hand if you choose to study in a major which you do not like you will not get good grades and you might even fail in some of your courses or work. Moreover when you choose a major that you like you will be able to devise new ideas and you might invent new things. Also you will be more likely to expand your knowledge and get a master's or a PhD. Moreover you will be at the peak of the employees in your work which will make you earn a lot of money. In contrast if you choose a major only based on the market you will not devise new ideas and you will not be professional in your field. Ultimately you will hate school and you will not try to expand your knowledge. In addition you might hate your job which leads to poor work and poor salary. Besides all that is the urgency of managing time in your life. When you choose the major you like you will be able to mange your time better because your life will be comfortable. First of all you will finish your work faster because you will be professional in the field that you study or work in. Therefore you will have more free time. In addition your classes or work are one of your hobbies which will make you spend extra time with your family or your friends and will allow you to do other activities. Overall everyone has to choose a major which they like and no choose a major which the market needs because your whole life is going to depend on this chose. When you choose this field you are going to have a comfortable life which will make you feel the excitement in life. In addition you will be in the flow in your studies or work which will make you devise new ideas and manage your life journey very well and which leads you to the peak of your life duties.
