Young Adult Independency Decision of live or something related to live consider as a big concern. Some people have their points of view about how to live especially when they became adult because they may live with their parents or can live alone. Each one of them is hard for the person who takes the decision. Also it has its advantages and disadvantages. If they decide to stay with their parents they may feel safer with fewer responsibilities otherwise they would live separately from their family. They will become reliable on themselves. Living with parents has many advantages for young adults who don't used to living independently. Also it has reward and punishment. First some of them do not want to have responsibilities toward home and family. Second some of the young adults don't expend a lot of money while they live with the parents. For example they do not pay house rent if the house has been rented bill payment and food expenses. Furthermore parents take care of all responsibilities and give their sons or daughters some advices will help them in their life. On other hand live with parents has many disadvantages. First young adults feel that they do not have the right to live freely when they stay with their parents or they cannot decide about small thing as they want such as at what time they should come to home. For example if they come home late at night their parents blame them and maybe they will punish them as well. Second they have restraints in the house. They cannot meet their friends at home and discuss their problems so they have to go out and meet them at cafe shops or restaurants. To decide to live individually without parents and family is a big challenge for students or workers who have taken the first step in their life out of their house and their families. It seems easy for a person who has no experience in the real life but it is really very hard decision and they do not know what will face them in the future . After the young adults make a decision to separate out of their family and living separately without supervision and instructions. Living separately has many advantages and has disadvantages too. The most important advantage of living by themselves is learning how to mange their life well and they can make their own decision without help from anybody. Young adults who live with their parents are less confident than people who live as individuals. Second they can develop their creative potential. For example they can deal with difficult situations when they forced to do it. On other hand separating from family and the changing of what the person has habited is very hard and very difficult. Independently may sometimes cause many problems and has disadvantages. One of disadvantages is how they can earn money without experience. For instance in my country the biggest problem for people who want to separate from their family is they are not ready to do that because they have used to depending on their parents in everything until they get a job. One of the problems may face them is to get addicted to drugs and alcohols. Finally to live alone or with the family is depend on the young adult so there are some young adult who can live by themselves and some of them are not. It relies on how they are used to living. Living with family for long time is better than living alone independently because it has disadvantages that will affect the person who is not qualified.
