The Benefits of Playing Table Tennis Many people all over the world have some difficulties in doing exercises for a good health and fitness. Some of them get bored when they try to do it at home. Or they get bored going to the gym. Other reason for this may be the gyms are far from home. Also the cost of going there may be expensive for them. Therefore they should find different substitutes such as table tennis. There are some benefits which we can get from playing table tennis. Table tennis is good for your health and fitness. The coach of table tennis club in my city ANON_NAME_0 AlBahar says It's great for getting up a sweat and getting the heart rate up. Played at the higher levels it's one of the fastest sports around. But you don't have to be a pro to get a good workout. Just a couple of hours a week hitting that little white ball around can do wonders for your fitness . Also this sport is a non contact sport so you don't have to worry about something like break your legs or your arms. Everyone can play this sport there is no age or gender limit. So all the family can play between each other or peoples can play in the clubs with each other. However you don't have to worry about bigger or stronger person because this game depends on person's skills and capabilities. Also you don't have to worry if you reach your 80s the more games you play the more skills you will have. In fact as you get older table tennis is good for the brain. There is a lot of thinking and planning going on out there on the court all of which helps keep the brain active. You can play table tennis virtually anytime and anywhere. It is an indoor non seasonal sport. You can play it all of the year day or night and you don't have to worry about bad weather. You don't need a huge amount of space to have fun table tennis games at home also. Because the table is a foldaway you can store it anywhere in the home when you don't use it. You don't have to spend a lot of money to play table tennis. AlBahar says A basic racket can be bought for around 50 US and will give good service while learning the game. A good racket for intermediate and advanced play would usually be around 100 200 US. Even the most expensive of professional rackets wouldn't be much more than a couple of hundred dollars. Plus the cost of joining a club and the weekly club fees are usually quite low compared to sports such as golf or tennis . Table tennis is a great public sport. You'll get to meet plenty of people down at the local clubs. Play a competition once in a while and you'll be able to compete and make friends with a whole group of member table tennis enthusiasts. As we see it is worth it to have a table tennis curt at home or to be a member at a table tennis club for our health or having fun. References Albahar ANON_NAME_0. Phone interview. 21 October 2006.
