Category 1 extrovert or introvert I think I am a bit outgoing a bit reserved. I love meeting new people because I enjoy being social. And the more people with whom I speak the better I feel. For example when I have been invited to discuss for a special conference with my professor to explain some very important logic of my theory toward many audiences I felt amused because I liked to express my opinions. Also I value the time I have alone because I often prefer to read a book or a movie by myself than go to a party or meeting with my friends because it is difficult for me to communicate in unfamiliar situations. Therefore it is not easy to decide my status in this section. Category 2 sensor or intuitive I think I am near sensor because I like to concentrate on concrete information using what can be seen heard touched tasted or felt. At my graduate school in Korea this habit was useful to gain the compiling of accurate data which I was more inclined to experiment than to familiar approaches. Also the classmate whose sister was the same habit as I had wondered why I spent my precious time on a repeating preparation of gathering data. There was a time when the question served as a momentum to reconsider my habit. Category 3 thinker or feeler In my case making decisions or planning something about a job or activity is influenced by whether the way of something is reasonable or not. Therefore I really value concrete thinking and tend to be logical when I have to choose something which can offer an important turning point for me. For instance when I wanted to find the best company where I worked for a long time I thought I had to review the company's financial situation the wage the number of employee the chance of advancement etc. To complete my best choice. On the other hand I often have a very different process about a matter of preference such as a spark of interest that is highly empathic. Maybe I am more likely to make exceptions to rules for myself because I tend to rely on my experiences when I was right and I want to believe what I prefer. For example five months ago I went to the Metropolitan Museum of Art with my friend. The special Egypt exhibition hall where I visited was very wonderful. We saw fine works of art. After that we discussed about the plunder a colony of many treasures that couldn't be ended. At that time I insisted some reason that was supporting either side unfairly. I think that argument was the behavior as a feeler. Category 4 judger or perceiver If the process and the plan don't be set up I feel uncomfortable so I try to organize firmly by my principle which I feel more comfortable sticking to conventional way. For example I was unexpectedly asked to make a speech at my friend's wedding so I began to stutter nervously. Also when my desk workbench were messy because of my brother's play I was angry because I thought my stuff was always neat and orderly. For this reason I am near a judger.
