Making Friends on Internet With the development of computer technology a lot of people rely on computers increasingly to help them. For example they get used to paying various expenses on Internet buying various articles on it and even making friends. Nowadays many people regardless of being office workers or part of the young student generation like to make friends by internet. Office workers think they spend most time working so that their networks are too narrow. They are too busy in working to meet new friends. Furthermore students are curious about the virtual Internet world. They think making friends on the Internet is a fashionable activity so that they want to follow it. Both of them think this different way of making friends is interesting. They can meet lots people who are from different cities countries fields and so on. However the Internet is a virtual world. People on the Internet can make up their identities. If you like to make friends on the Internet you might meet some harmful situations such as you might not fulfill your wish to make the true friends on Internet you might be defrauded and you might become addicted to the Internet World. First of all you may not make the true friends if you are interested in making friends on the Internet. The Internet is a virtual world. People can make up their identities for protecting themselves fun or other purposes. It is impossible for you to understand a person completely and properly on the Internet. If you communicate with a person for a long time you might be able to know who he or she is and whether you and he or she can become good friends or not. However people on the Internet can pretend to be a wonderful person. They might not want to make friends with you sincerely they might just have fun instead. They may not be the good friend that you desire. When I was a freshman in the university making friends on Internet was quite popular among my classmates and me. At that time we made some friends on the Internet. At first we communicated with each other in the chat rooms and by phone. But after a period of time we lost contact gradually due to losing the fresh interest. Besides if you are addicted to making friends on the Internet you might be defrauded. People have different purposes to make friends on the Internet. Some of them feel lonely and some of them may want to get some benefits from others. We often hear some bad news from the TV news programs. The bad news might be people are cheated of money and even are raped by the people whom met on the Internet. At first persons who have abnormal purposes on the Internet pretend to want to be friends with you. After you trust them they will seduce you into their traps. This issue is getting serious at present. How to prevent crimes on the Internet has become an important challenge for public security. In addition addiction to the Internet makes people become unsociable. They just concentrate on their virtual world. They make friends on the Internet instead of the real life. They do not know how to make friends or how to communicate with others in their ordinary lives. Gradually their behaviors will become strange. Also they will emphasize the Internet rather than their jobs or studies if they are addicted to making friends in the chat rooms. They do not want to work or study. Also the workers will lose their jobs. This situation will make them have abnormal lives. It would even damage their health due to the abnormal lives. Making friends on the Internet is fashionable. It is good for people to make different friends. You can get the information about different fields life and culture from these friends. However the Internet is a virtual world. You should protect yourselves from being cheated or even being raped. You should be careful especially when you will meet these friends. Besides the Internet is a source where you can make friends but it is not the only way. You should not be addicted to it. Actually you should strengthen your friendships and expand the circle of your life. You should concentrate on your jobs studies lives and so on. Addiction to the Internet is bad for you. The Internet is one part of your real life however it is not your whole life.
