Oct 27 2006 Ch 3 final assignment Smoking addition A smoking is that person who cannot stop smoking cigarettes. A lot of people who smoking cigarettes cannot leave their feeling toward the smoking cigarettes and how they enjoy when you are doing smoke. However it depends how you start smoking for the first time. In my opinion the bad friend or when you are a teenager is the most important period time in your life to starts smoke or to don't think about it. Therefore If you never had smoking just keep going on that and if you had smoking you should think to quit it and to give up smoke. Every thing in the is world has advantage and disadvantage. In my opinion smoking cigarettes has only disadvantage because it is wasting many health and the human been in this world nothing else. I don't think that it had an advantage. However by smoking you are killing yourself wasting your money and health. There are a lot of differences between the smokers and nonsmokers for instance people who don't smoke enjoy by good health more than who smokes cigarettes. Most of nonsmokers can do a lot of exercises and who do smoke they have a lot of problem to do the exercises. The smoker who cannot stop they will die 10 to 15 years earlier than they would have died from other causes'' so I think if they want to live this 10 or 15 years on their life they should stop smoking from now. If you really think to give up to smoke start from now to stop going killing yourself and wasting your money and healthy for nothing that the cigarettes on smoking. You should have a goal to reach it and forget this drugs' actually you might not to think about it at all. You have several way to give up smoking for example do the exercises everyday and try to quit smoking step by step you must reduce the quantity of smoking daily. You might to chewing gum instead of smoke or just don't think that you need to smoke. Day by day you'll see the result that you can give up and you don't need to smoke again. Smoking causes many premature deaths from diseases that are largely in curable but preventable by stopping smoking. The main killing disease which smoking causes or brings on earlier is the heart attacks which are responsible for 30 percent of all heart attacks and cardiovascular deaths. The second important disease is the lung cancer which is at least 30 percent smoking is responsible about all cancer deaths. The third one that is who responsible about 82 percent of death due to emphysema and chronic bronchitis is the lung problem. The future it depends in you and how you care about your health. Smoking is killing and isn't important than your life and health even your own money that you are wasting it on smoking. I think every smokers can quit smoking from now if they want to live a good life with out any of above diseases and happy beautiful and healthy with out this drug's. Source ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON URLPAGE
