Personality can be seen in a new environment. My husband and I have found the different aspects of our characteristics that we didn't notice in Japan since we started our new life here. For example how do we behave toward Americans that we have to interact with at parties In fact we were not accustomed to participating in parties in Japan which made us so nervous when we were invited to a formal party which my husband's university arranged. After we went through a lot of new experiences such as parties and negotiating with American shop clerks I came to consider my husband an introvert a sensor a thinker and a perceiver according to the four categories which were developed by the American women Myers and Briggs extrovert or introvert sensor or intuitive thinker or feeler and judger or perceiver. First he is an introvert because he prefers staying with people whom he has already known to talking with new people. We participated in a formal party last summer when two months passed since we came to the U. S. Although I was so excited to see international people he kept staying in the same place without mingling with different people. Within an hour he became so tired of talking with unacquainted people in the large banquet hall where the party was held. I knew that he was good at communicating with various kinds of people in Japan. However in the U. S he seems to feel less comfortable when people whose careers are totally different from his field which places him into the category of an introvert. Second he is a sensor because he is interested in comparing things on the basis of his experiences. For example he easily notices the similarities or differences between American and Japanese business customs. When we met some American businessmen in New York where his company was located my husband told me that American businessmen did not exchange their business cards as he noticed in his past business trips. I also paid attention to the same point at that time. We tend to rely on our past experiences when I encounter new things. So we consider each of us a sensor. Third he is a thinker because he can make decisions properly whatever difficulties he encounters. When the delivery clerks of a furniture shop came to my apartment I asked them to take off their shoes before entering my rooms because of our custom. However they insisted on wearing their shoes inside my rooms. While I was disappointed by their services my husband politely asked the reason them. They told him that it was necessary for them to wear shoes in case heavy furniture hurts their feet. During the time when I heard their explanation I still wanted them to give way to us since I wanted to keep our carpet clean. However their reason was the right one that my husband could easily accept. Fourthly he is a perceiver because he tends to have multiple options that allow him to go in several directions. While I want to set the exact schedule of a day or a week in advance he avoids deciding what he will do or where he will be. In this way he believes that the sense of freedom makes him more relaxed and gives him work efficiency. Although he was bound to some corporate structure which was inflexible in Japan he tends to take advantage of his free time as student and act in more flexible ways. In conclusion we can classify our personality types into these categories. These can indicate the basic idea about what types we are in. However you can sometimes find yourself act in unusual ways when you are in a different environment which means that people have various aspects that they don't know. So I believe that exploring in new situations can give you opportunities to notice your new aspects which may develop your potential in the future.
