March 16 2008 Why people drop out from college Have you ever met this kind of situation that your high school classmate told you that he would not go to a college or university to keep on studying or your friend in the collage told you that he wanted to drop out What do you think about this Are you surprise Do you choose to go to study in a college or university It is true that more and more students choose to go to college after they finish the study in high school and some of them even spend more years in a graduate school. However there are still some students choose not to go to college or withdraw in the middle of the study in a college. There are a lot of reasons for this situation. The most common reasons might be that they cannot afford the tuition they don't like studying they don't like the life in the college they want to learn something outside the campus and then go back to college or they choose other kind of school. Nothing will be much sadder to see that a student stop studying because of the economic reason. However it happens every day. No one can deny that the tuition and expense in college is expensive especially the good ones. There are many very good students who work very hard in high school and can get excellent scores in the entrance exam but have to give up the plan of further learning just because they don't have enough money. You might say that are scholarship in universities for these students but the chances are limited and not all these kind of students can get it. Another fact is that only the big or famous universities can apply many chances of founding for these students while the small ones ore most colleges may not. This is just the situation that assumes the students are outstanding but what if they are just the average level. Can they still get the support from school The answer may be not. The result of students drop out from college is that they can't find good jobs and get good pays. In the future when their children need money to go to college the economic problem comes out again. Because of this it is normal to see that some families do not have even one college student for many generation. This is sad but the government and some universities are working on this to help more and more poor students to realize their collage dreams. However there is another kind of students who can afford the expense of college and still give it up because of their different interest. This kind of students do not like study and what they like do not always need to study in the college. For example some students become models or actors from a young age and they really like their jobs so they choose to give up the collage plan. The youth is more important to their career and they won't choose to waste time in college. I think this is still a good choice because they already get some knowledge from the early study and they begin their career early. What is more important is that when they feel that they want to go back to collage again they still have chance. There are a lot of examples of this situation. Many famous painters singers composers don't get their skill from colleges. For instance one of the famous dancers named Liping ANON_NAME_0 in China has never gone to a university or college to learn dance but she was born to dance. Her most famous solo dance 'the spirit of peacock' cannot be repeated by other dancers until now. So do not go to college do not mean that you cannot succeed and it may save your time and money. Furthermore some students don't like the life in the college. You must admit that the life in the college is boring. There is restricting schedule you have to follow. You need to get up early every day to go to school do a lot of homework and prepare for numerous exams and quizzes. So party is so important in the collage life and the students really need something to help them relax. After many years of study in the elementary school and high school some students are really afraid of the studying life and eager to get away from it. However this does not mean that they won't do well in the work. Take my brother for example he went back after only one month in the college and start his career in a company. He learned a lot of thing in the work and now he ever gives lectures to students sometimes. This kind of people is suitable to learn things in the life or in the work. No one can say it is not a good way. Actually they get a lot of things and experience that they can't learn in the class. I have to say people are different and they choose different thing. No one can say what they choose is better or worse. Only they know which one fits them better. I figure that must the reason that the college is not obligation but every children need to go to high school. Another possibility is that some students leave the school temporarily to find out what their interests are and what their plan is. It is not rare to see some people do not know what they want to do in the future after high school. They do not know they want to be a doctor an engineer or a pharmacy. Because of this they choose to go out to find the dream. After a while when they experience is enough they may find out what they want to learn and go back to school. You may think it wastes time but it doesn't. It is worth to spend some time to figure out what you really like before you start a major. For example one of my best friends in high school can't work well for 2 years after he graduated from university as an engineer. Because when he began his career he found out it was not what he wanted and the job was really a devil to him. The 4 years in the college became a waste to him. So do not begin the study in college in hurry. It is possible that the students finally find out which major he want to take or if he want to go to college to take one. At last people choose professional school instead of college. College and university do not have everything you need. For example you can't learn how to fix a car in it but some student really like this kind of job so they choose other kinds of schools. There no good job and bad job but the job you like and don't so when you find out you can't get what you need from college you should go find some other place and don't feel bad about that. One of my classmates in high school really wanted to be a chef so he didn't go to college after all. Then he realized his dream. Although he doesn't earn as much as an engineer he is as happy as anyone. As I mentioned before not every people goes to a college or university. The reasons might be object like the economic problem or they might be subject like they don't like study they don't like the life in the college they need time to think about the plan before they go to college or they prefer other schools. No matter what the reason is the students have the right to decide their own life. However I hope the government to find out more ways to help the poor students who want to go to college to realize their dreams.
