A person whom I am very proud of and I do not used to like is my uncle my uncle is really talented in architectural parts design who is so far the youngest architectural designer in my country. My uncle is the person who can't easily to approach and understand with. He is kind of apathy and inhospitality person who always remains uninterested observer in any events of the family even in his own marriage. He always gives people a cold shoulder so people who don't understand his personality may think that he is too arrogant and rude. However his careless attitude was not the only reason I didn't like him. I used to think that my uncle was a robot aliened owing to he suddenly came into my family and my life which like he was from outer space that just arrived to the earth. When I was young I did not know why my uncle had disappeared from our entire family for years. Not only he did not know us whom existed but also the entire family member did not have the chance to see and know him. I remember that the year before my uncle was gone the financial of our family's company was very precarious and it was really to go bankrupt next second. After our company went bankrupt my family was in a deeply depression because of the debt that our family owned could never be paid. Our houses were sold by the court concurrently my uncle was gone. I could see that my grandparents were crying behind us all the time which was above me. Also I did not know why my uncle left our family until I grew up. The reason he left our family was that he was in jail for years. The jail was a place where was an hour away from our house and surprisingly none of my family had ever had a chance to visit him. I remember that the first time I met my uncle the first impression he gave to me was grave and pressure. That's why I did not like him. The other reason gained my dislike of him was that he was excessive drinking smoking and sleeping. Each time I saw him it seemed that I saw negative this word on his face. In the long run his coldness attitude aroused my curiosity. I spent plenty of time to acquaint him and talk to him. I realized that my uncle was not as intimidated as I thought I started liking him and wanted to know him more. However my uncle is someone I've always been able to depend on when I need advice or help. I am proud of him because of his sacrifice for the family and his talent. What he had done for the family was really great and admirable. I am still not daring to ask what happened in the past of him even though we have a strong bone of friendship.
