What type am I What type am I It like the title of one movie who am I which was popular in China 5 years ago. Jackie ANON_NAME_0 whom people have known as a Kung Fu movie star played a top secret militant solider in this movie. He lost his memory due to traffic accidence when he was carrying out one confidential task. Thereby he was put into the confusion and fear. Now when I ask myself this question I am also put into the confusion. In terms of the personality categories that have been listed in this article I could give definite answers to category 1 and 4. Category 1 classifies people into the extrovert and the introvert. Extroverts are people whose energies are activated by others. Shyness has no necessary relations with extroversion and introversion. One person who is shy might be an extrovert as long as he she meet people who could make him her be comfortable. In this sense I regard myself as an extrovert. I am so shy that I fail to express myself in pubic however once I meet some people whom I am familiar with I begin to open up and become talkative. For example I participate inactively during the class because I always feel my spoken English skills are weak. Sometimes when I said something with ambiguous pronunciations which probably made my partner feel confused I always felt embarrassed. It was my fault perhaps I were too sensitive. However if my partner is Natalie this situation would be different. She is a person who treats me friendly and her spoken English is good. It seems to be easy for her to make sense of what I say. Hence when I talk with her I feel relaxed and get energized. In addition Category 4 divides people into the judger and the perceiver. The judger is a person who wants things to be definite. In terms of this definition I consider I am a judger. I prefer to be stable rather than changing. If I used to one thing I would keep this habit for long time. For example I go to school and come back home by 71A bus everyday I used to scheduling time to wait for it. Someone told me that I can go home by 71C but I never try it since I don't know where I should go off which will be dangerous at night I usually go home with my husband at 8 9 PM . In addition contrary to some people who go shopping randomly I used to listing what I need to buy and decisively refusing anything I don't need at that time. One notable advantage when I did was saving time. However I also lost shopping pleasures. In some senses I think the judger equals to conservative we lack courage to experience novel things and confine ourselves into our habits. I think the personality categories this article has mentioned is too simple. However there are no perfect personalities which could be applied into everyone. These categories are used to help us understand ourselves and others most importantly no matter what type we are we should learn to love ourselves and be patient for others
