Electronics The Effects of a Revolution Is it possible to become addicted to an object Actually the addiction is referred to substances like alcohol or narcotics. However we are experiencing day after day how people can become addicted to electronic devices. Electronics in fact is pervading our world in a lot of fields sometimes its presence is strong and easy to recognize sometimes its contribution in our lives is so subtle that it is difficult to detect it. For sure the introduction of electronic devices made a very important mark in human life and brings different effects with it. Among them the main positive ones are the improvement of the worldwide communications the introduction of healthcare systems based on electronic devices and the optimization of time and resources in a lot of work situations. A negative effect carried by the electronic progress is the increasing dependence that people experience from electronic devices. Electronics has caused a booming in the worldwide system of communications. First of all through electronic systems it has been possible to make communications cheaper and more available than in the past. In one of the branches of electronics the digital branch it is studied how to manage real signals like the voice in a computer like form. This kind of study led to a revolution in the transmission system. In particular thinking to a phone call even though the voice of the listener and the one of the speaker have to be more human analog than computer like digital all the treatment and transit of the information can be digital. Today we have the electronic means to translate a physical wave or analog signal into a sequence of 1 and 0 or digital signal and vice versa. This allows us to speak in a phone receiver translate the signal in a fast and cheap transmission format and re translate the signal in the phone receiver of the listener. The great saving is in the computer like form of communication from one side to another because a digital signal can travel also through the internet at a very low cost. Talking about electronic and communications it's impossible not to mention Internet as one of the most revolutionary invention of the current time. With a laptop and an internet access it is possible to connect Moscow with Cancun or the North Pole with the South one with a connection cost that is becoming cheaper and cheaper every day. For example now in Europe the average cost per month of an high speed connection is 20 in the United States a company offer the DSL service for only 19. 99 Per month in Russia the monthly average for 20 hours of connection is 14. 8. However beyond the monetary cost of the connection contract it is impossible to evaluate the availability of an innovation as internet. The idea of having something by which it is possible to communicate with the other hemisphere of the Earth is unbelievable. Another electronic device that signs the importance of electronic in the communication system is the mobile. Now a lot of people can make or receive a call in every part of their country and sometimes through special international services they can also use their mobile abroad. The introduction of the cell phones caused a radical change in our lives none has been constrained anymore by a wire. After the innovation lost its technological charm and started to represent a trait a lifestyle mark used to distinguish an elite. Now the mobile technology is in the hands of children as in the hands of adults but just some adults recognize the appropriate value of this innovation. Another positive effect of the introduction of electronic devices is the great improvement in all the techniques related to the medical sphere. In fact now we have two main fields of application in which electronics leaves a fundamental mark the diagnostic field and the therapeutic one. About diagnostic TAC MRI and NMRI are the most popular bio electronic diagnostic techniques. However now we have a lot of other methodologies of investigation based on electronic that helps physicians to achieve a better understanding of problems and find the correct treatment more quickly than in the past. For example now all the blood analyses or the DNA researches are faster and more accurate than ten or twenty years ago. In orthopedic an electronic system controls a particular kind of magnetic analysis the MOC which allows a physician to discover rapidly if there is any kind of fault in the composition of bones. The early discovering of a problem can prevent damages or injuries via the correct choice of a preventive therapy. Another therapeutic application based on electronics is the endoscopy that even though is primarily a technique of investigation helps in a lot of surgeries. For example now a knee surgery can imply only a small and superficial scar because the surgeon can work through the auxiliary of an endoscope. He doesn't need to make a wide surge in order to see what is going on his hands are guided by the images catch by the camera on the tip of the endoscope. At this class of less invasive treatments belongs also the robot aided surgery an innovative group of surgery techniques by which a surgeon works through the hands and the eyes of a robot. The advances of electronic allow the surgeon to feel the tissues and to act as he was directly on the body of the patient. Special sensors of strength and acceleration give the feedbacks necessary to generate the real sensation. At the end of the list we have the non invasive treatments such as the laser based therapies in which the electronic control grants the accurate result of the treatment by a manipulation of the power and the duration of the laser exposition. Examples of this kind of surgery defined non invasive for the quite complete absence of surging are the optical correction in ophthalmology or some cancer therapies such as the LITT. This recent therapy is based on the use of a laser beam whose purpose is to isolate the cancer from the health tissue through the thermal interaction with human tissues. The electronic control in this case is fundamental in order to prevent the damage of healthy tissues and in order to make the therapy as more effective and accurate as possible. In the work environment the impact of electronics has been essential for all the questions related to the optimization of time and resources. This revolution has involved more or less all the fields. For example software and electronic libraries help a lawyer to find a specific regulation or a law back in the past as well as in the contemporary sets of rules simply by a couple of click on the mouse. Managing a project by a computer allows an architect or an engineer to draw the whole project in a few days. None of these practitioners nowadays use pen and paper to design a bridge or a house. On a personal computer you have all that you need and with a click on your mouse you can raise or break a wall add a floor that is similar to the one already drawn and realize a 3D prospect of your project just from the 2D design. If you have ever tried to realize a 3D model of a simple box starting from a 2D model and if you remember the difficulties of making real your 3D model you can imagine how it is important helpful and amazing manage to obtain the 3D model of an entire building just touching once time your mouse. In a lot of factories the electronic automatic control of heavy machinery as well as the control of precision instrumentations has allowed the big progress that we are experiencing in a lot of fields. In fact committing part of the work to the computer based machines has led to an optimization of the work hours and so to an optimization of the productivity. Thanks to the introduction of electronic devices workers are not so far obliged to risk their health in dangerous environments. In addition they don't have to spend so much time as in the past doing always the same mansion. Now they can reserve time for other work situations in which the human brain is better than the calculation power of a machine. Looking at the quality of the outcomes the computer based machines have been the key to greatly improve the production quality. In many areas like the ones involved in the fabrication of microchips or the ones related to pharmacology for example the precision and the accuracy of computers have broken all the boundaries imposed by human limits opening new frontiers to the scientific progress. However as it often happens in many situations also the electronic booming implies negative effects. The most important of these is the strong dependence from electronic devices produced by the massive presence of electronics. In other words we have become so comfortable in our electronic based life that we can't come back. This effect is the result of the subtle aspect of the electronic proliferation. It lets appear some behaviors as habits while they are only the result of the introduction of an innovation. Traveling in many European countries I have seen that now in the majority of the hotels there is a computer desk that allows guests to access the Internet. When I was younger the hotel halls had only desks and telephones except a few hotels that already had a computer. Today even though you are spending time in a natural paradise your everyday habit pushes you to take your small dose of internet. It seems something that you cannot avoid something that you have always done but it is not true it is a modern fashion. The second more common situation that reveals how we depend on electronics is related to the cell phones. Have you ever forgot your mobile at home How did you feel When it happened to me I felt naked and isolated. I was continuing to ask myself what should I have done if someone was trying to call me or how could I have called someone if something bad happened. All these questions revealed to me how I depended and depend on my mobile. I don't have an address book my mobile is my address book. I don't use an alarm clock anymore my mobile is my alarm clock. When I have to do something the agenda is on my mobile and it remembers me also time and date of an appointment by an alarm. These are common habits that many people have today and that justify why nowadays mobiles look like more as a computer than as a phone. People like to have in the modern gun that they have in their pocket as many bullets as they can in order to be prepared for every kind of situation. However if someone lost his or her gun the reaction could reach the panic sensation. One of the newest kind of addiction is the mp3 player. Today none is able to run without a digital music player. I have always lived of music and so this new innovation led me only to carry with me more music than I did in the past. However even though I have a re chargeable battery in my mp3 player when two weeks ago my battery exhausted I couldn't wait to come back home and I went to buy a new battery. It was not as much a matter of cost as a matter of habit. I needed my music and I couldn't wait. All the three examples of electronic addiction reveal how we are confusing the idea of something that is necessary for life. Today some electronic devices are considered part of our lives and so they are essential components of our lifestyle. In conclusion the electronic progress has brought with itself so many radical changes in our lives that we can talk about a revolution. The main positive effects related to the electronic booming are the improvement of the worldwide communications the introduction of healthcare systems based on electronic devices and the optimization of time and resources in a lot of work situations. The main negative aspect is the increasing dependence that people are experiencing day after day from the electronic devices. The identification of the positive effects is easy because we are focusing on innovations that has determined a radical change with the past. The recognition of the negative effect is more difficult because it requires the understanding that even we consider habits some electronic dependent behaviors all the electronic based aspects of our lives are artificial. In closing we should try to become less addicted to mobiles computers or electronic devices understanding that some innovations are only supplementary and not complementary for our lives.
