I Cannot Live With You Any More! People get married for their happiness. Truly a marriage makes people happy and has them have a great family. However If once people get divorced the situation changes. A family gets hurt seriously by a divorce. In 1970's a divorce boomed that the rate doubled in the U. S. Divorce is serious problem not only in the U. S but in other nations including S. Korea. Parents choose divorce for their better life and many of divorced people live better life after that. However for children it is exact disaster to see that their parents get divorced. The children in divorced families have several severe problems on them namely emotional problems early sexual experimenting dropping out of school delinquency teen pregnancy and drug use and so on. If so why do many people get divorced even though it hurts their children seriously There are diverse reasons for divorce lack of love and trust financial problem differences between a couple and social change. First even though people get married each other they usually lack love and trust. It is absolutely true that these two things are crucial for a healthy family. There is a program on Television entitled 'Cheetahs'. In this TV program spouses ask staffs to expose their spouse's liaison. While this program is real and very exciting it is very sad as well. The spouses don't have any trust and love so one of them asks the program to make another one feel ashamed. Also one goes out with another woman or man not one's spouse because the person doesn't love his spouse any more. As the program shows us most people get divorced because they do not trust and love each other anymore. Therefore for most divorced couples lack of love and trust is one of the most important to get divorced. Second another reason for divorce is a financial problem. Money is necessary to keep a family healthy. Though money is not everything in life it is said to be an integral part of life. There is a sentence Marriage is not a romance but real. A married couple had spent great time until a disaster that the husband got fired came to the family all of sudden. Due to the incident the wife started complaining and being disappointed with her husband so they struggled much more often than before. They still loved each other but the life became hard and the relationship between them is not like before. Seriously many couples get divorced due to the economic problem. These days in fact many women care about not only men's ability but also their wealth before getting married. There are some companies which introduce people who want to marry. Before people sign up the company they should give all their information of them. The companies expect them to give them information which is their looking education background job annual salary. Good annual salary means a popular person among the people. In short wealth became very important part of marriage. Third people get divorced out of a difference of personality which is selfish. Even though couples have known each other before getting married it is not really enough to know each other perfectly. People can notice spouse's every aspect including great ones and awful ones. Also it is so natural that they might have totally different personality because they have not lived together for decades. Unless they make a concession or understand spouse it must make some troubles between them of course. For instance a couple years ago one married couple got divorced. The reason why they got divorced was that they have a different style of using restroom. Whereas the wife prefers to close the cap of toothpaste the husband prefers to leave open the cap of toothpaste after brushing teeth. It is impossible reason for divorce however they did just because they could not understand each other and stand each other's differences. Not even only for this married couple cannot help seeing spouse' real character by living together. For this reason old people tend to say that people should know so deeply about their spouse to be before getting married. Last a change of society has caused divorce. As time passes people like to claim themselves and be selfish. Especially for women since 19Century a lot of social movements for women's right have emerged. The crusaders think that individual happiness is far more important than any other things such as family and children. Many women have chosen divorce for individual happiness than their family and children with the movements. To ask individual's happiness too much leads a family to bad of course. For instance it was natural that if the oldest son gets married he usually takes care of his parents by living together. However if the wife had disagreed against the fact with selfishness the family must have had some troubles among them. Like this the change that people comes to claim only their rights and be more selfish causes divorce as well. In conclusion there are many reasons for divorce which are pretty reasonable or not. Whatever the reason is however people should remind this. Once people marry the person is not only the one but the member of a family who must be responsible for the family. As people already know divorce has a terrible effect on the children's life. If so the people cannot decide to get divorced easily for the sake of the lovely children or they might think at least one more. Did you love your husband Do you love your child
