The causes of Africa underdevelopment It was few days after I came to the United States of America and I was talking to a beautiful young American lady who was seemingly amazed for meeting an African. She asked me a question that still comes in my mind and makes me laugh and angry at the same time. Here is her question is it true that you live with beasts such as lions and panthers in Africa Being angry I answered affirmatively to her question. I further told her that I even killed one lion two days before I came to USA. She noticed my sarcasm and laughed. Yes Africa is the poorest continent in the world despite it is said that Africa is the continent that has the most natural resources in the world. Why this contradiction In other words what are the causes of the Africa underdevelopment Many researchers have been pondering on that topic in order to find answers and further find solutions to help Africa claim a better place in the world. Thus Africans abroad will not have to answer risible and irritative questions anymore. Africa is a continent of more than 900 000 000 peoples and has a lot of natural resources. It is obviously the continent that has many wars diseases and is where the educational rate is the lowest. In crude words Africa is the most underdeveloped continent in the world. Many reasons external and inner have been put forward to explain its underdevelopment. Here are some of these reasons the effects of the historical and current relationship between Africa and western countries the plethora of diseases and the effects of the nature of relationships among people in Africa. First the historical relationship between Africa and western countries has been biased at the profit of the last and at the expense of the first. In fact the earlier relationship among Africa Europe and the United States of America was marked by the slavery in which Africa has lost many of its people. Some historians avert that Africa has lost its most valuable workforce at the slavery era. People that the Europeans need to bring in the USA as slave were people who were strong and healthy. Some of these people in the east side of Africa also knew how to read due to Islam. Those historians with whom I agree believe that the workforce Africa has lost during the slavery would have been indispensable for the development of Africa. The lost of the cream of its workforce created a shortage of human resource crucial for the development of agriculture and industry in Africa. In addition to the slavery the relation between Africa and Europe has been characterized by the colonialism which likewise the slavery was based upon the exploitation of Africa's natural resources. Although the continent is said to have the most natural resources in the world it has not been able to develop its industry. Almost all of its natural resources extracted have been exported toward developed countries for manufacturing. European refused at the colonial period to develop industries in Africa even though it was economically more efficient to do so. Europeans prefer to bring raw products from Africa to Europe where the raw products were transformed to manufacture products. Thus that colonial relationship has not allowed Africa to develop its industry. Moreover that colonialism has left Africa with tremendous social problems such as civil wars and corruption. The colonist drew borders among African countries without considering certain social realities. For example some borders have divided some ethnics into two or more than two countries. Thus there are Fulani in Burkina Faso Mali Niger and Senegal. In some countries the colonists developed education in some ethnical minorities' areas without doing likewise in the ethnical majorities' areas. Then when they were living in 1960s they left the politic power with the minorities. That frustrated the ethnical majorities. It has followed civil wars undermining the development. One example is the case of Rwanda's civil war in 1994. Furthermore the lately western countries role in the Africa underdevelopment abides in the international trade. The orthodoxy in international trade is the liberalism. However no country in the world is really liberal even those who champion it. The matter comes when Africa is pushed to the liberalism by international institutions such as the World Bank the International Monetary Fund and by developed countries such as the USA and the Europe Union. Africa needs to protect its nascent industry. Like an infant the nascent industry needs a period of weaning in order to help it grow and get the power to compete with industries from developed countries. However by pushing Africa to the liberalism for the sake of liberalism dogma industries are dying in Africa and its development is still far away to attain. The second most important cause of the underdevelopment in Africa are diseases. There are a plethora of lethal diseases that hinder the development of Africa. AIDS malaria and tuberculosis are few examples. Diseases can slow down the development in many ways. The case of Africa can be summarized as following 1 the morbidity affects negatively the productivity 2 the mortality affects negatively the saving and 3 diseases encourage people to have many children. In fact in the best case people who are sick are able to work but work less than when they are healthy. In some cases people who are sick are not able to work and their employers loose a lot of money because that they are constrained by labor laws to pay sick employees even if they do not work. So more there are diseases more companies loose money. In simple words companies loose a lot of money because of diseases in Africa. Diseases are numerous in Africa and worse they are recurrent. For example every one in Burkina Faso has at least once the malaria a year. That means that each Burkinese is almost certain to stay on bed one week a year due to malaria. Similarly in the south east side of Africa AIDS is weakening millions of people rendering them incapable of giving their best to their companies. In the same time their companies are loosing money because they must keep recruiting and training new employees to replace old sick employees. In addition because people do not believe in long life due to fear set by diseases they save less money. Why save my money if I am not sure that I will be here to enjoy it in the future. Also because of diseases people spend a lot of money for medication and they do not have remnants to save. That situation deprives financial resources to the economy and retard the development of Africa. One more effect of disease that can explain the underdevelopment in Africa is that diseases encourage people to have many children. In some areas in Africa people believe that the way of making sure that they will always have children is to have as many as possible. The consequence of that behavior is that the population is growing faster than the economy. Thus the poverty becomes more severe. In brief diseases play a core role on the underdevelopment of Africa. The third most important factor of the underdevelopment in Africa is the nature of social relationships among people in Africa that encourage sluggishness corruption and nepotism. This last series of causes concerns familial relationship friendships and neighborhoods. Familial relationships in Africa are indeed too supportive. Consequently some family members are not compelled to work. They can wait and other members of the family will provide their needs. In Africa there is free lunch . Because of cultural stereotypes people who work must provide the needs of people who do not work. Supporting one's brother ants uncle is somehow mandatory in Africa. That belief derives from the notion of property in African culture. Africans accord more importance in collective property rather than individual property. So someone who works is working for the benefit of his all relative hence few people work to keep all relatives. In addition to the familial relationship factor friendships and neighborhoods are two types of relationships that impede the development in Africa. Friendships and neighborhoods are sacred and it is almost impossible to be severe toward them when they are wrong. Worse they must benefit supports when there are in trouble with the police or the justice. It is almost impossible to punish someone who has circumvented the law if he has a friend or neighbor that can intercede to exonerate him or her. That situation encourages mediocrity because people know that at any trouble someone will intervene to free them from blame. For this reason the justice is weak in Africa and the corruption and nepotism are commonplace. Thus people are not afraid to act badly. Sluggishness corruption and nepotism favored by the nature of social relationship delay the development in Africa. To sum up although Africa is said to have the most natural resources it is the poorest continent in the world. Many reasons have been put forward to explain the underdevelopment of Africa. Three of those reasons have been considered as the most important in the present article the historical and current relationship between Africa and western countries which undoubtedly has been disadvantageous and costly for Africa the plethora of diseases hindering the saving the productivity and encouraging the natality which engenders an increase of the population faster than the economy the social relationships among people in Africa which encourage sluggishness corruption and nepotism. Because family friendships and neighborhood are seen as almost sacred there are less punishment and more laissez faire. However punishment and praise are important to incite people to do better job. To attain the development people must be constrained to do well their jobs. Therefore if Africa's leaders do not want Africans abroad to have to answer some peculiar questions about whether or not they live with lions they should start rethinking the form of the social relationship in Africa. That might be definitely the solution for the development of Africa.
