Accident Analysis Causes of Coal Mining Disasters Did you visit the Heinz History Center this winter If you happened to be there in the last December you couldn't forget the Darkest Month exhibit an exhibition and symposium commemorating the 100th anniversary of the Monongah and Darr Coal Mining Disasters. On the morning of December 6 1907 hundreds of coal miners entered the coal mine at Monongah West Virginia 361 of them never came out. Thirteen days later on December 19 a violent explosion at the Darr Mine in western Pennsylvania claimed the lives of 239 additional coal miners. Those who died in December of 1907 were victims of two of the worst mining calamities in American history. The month in which they were killed was the deadliest in the history of American coal mining. How could these accidents happen Hence an important issue that people want to find out what and how cause these coal mining disasters is the accident analysis. Accident is the unplanned event. It usually has the result of the failure of people equipment materials or environment to react as expected. Accident analysis can help people to determine the sequences of events leading to failure to identify the cause of the accident and to find methods to prevent accident from recurring. Accidents can cause different consequences such as production stop equipment damage wounded or even death of worker. In short the consequences of accidents include personal injury and property loss. The most important thing is to identify the cause of accident. Many reasons can lead accidents such as natural factors environmental factors personal factors poor management safety policy and decisions. The natural factors for instance include mine floods of the underground water explosions and fires by methane gas in the coal layer and poor roof falling for coal mining. The human factors include over confident ignoring safety procedures mental distraction from work poor maintenance and improper use of equipment poor management safety policy and decisions. All these causes can be referred to two categories natural factor and human error. Let us consider the natural factors for the accident in coal mine. As we know coal mining is inherently dangerous. Miners are exposed to hazards well in excess of those working in other occupations. Accidents may occur from fall of roof materials excessive heat and humidity poor lighting fires floods elevator failures use of unsafe equipment and haulage. Those kinds of accidents may kill or maim one or two workers at a time. More dangerous hazards are explosions caused by high concentrations of airborne dust or methane gas which could kill dozens or even hundreds of miners at once. Coal mine is largely dependent on the geological conditions. Both regional geological conditions and local geological conditions can influence the safety of coal mine. Some coal seams are far underground miners in such regions must tunnel far underground to reach them and the risk of explosion due to methane gas is high. A gas explosion at Fuxin northeast China killed 203 people in 2005. The accident happened 242 meters 794 feet below the ground. Rescuing is difficult after this kind of blast. An explosion at the Sago Mine West Virginia killed 12 people in January 2006. There are so many accidents happened in the major coal production countries. On the other hand let us consider the human error for accident in coal mine. In most accidents people tend to look for things to blame because it's easier than digging for root causes. Consider an important statistic 80 out of every 100 accidents are the fault of the person involved in the incident. Unsafe Acts cause four times as many accidents injuries as unsafe conditions. The human errors include being over confident ignoring safety procedures mental distraction from work poor maintenance and improper use of equipment and poor management safety policy and decisions. Being over confident can lead to an accident. Being confident is good but over confident is too good. This psychological activity can lead to improper procedures tools or methods in work. In coal mine especially the deep underground mine people action is slow than normal condition therefore it is one of causes of accident in coal mine. Ignoring safety procedures is the common cause in many accidents. The safety procedures are made to insure working safety. Understanding how the safety procedures are made will help you to observe them. The most safety procedures in coal mines are made on the base of the results of many accidents analysis and safety research. Failing to observe these procedures can endanger you. Poor management safety policy and decisions are the management causes of coal mine. If the policy and decisions are made poor they will bad influence to the safety issue. Some accidents seems as natural causes to accident but in fact it is caused by human error. For example In May of 1980 a mine located in the Val d'Or region of the province of Quebec in Canada which was operated by Belmoral Mines Ltd experienced a failed crown pillar resulting in the death of eight miners and putting sixteen others in harms way. The crown pillar separating the 1 7 level from overlying overburden ultimately failed permitting an estimated 1. 5 Million cubic feet of liquefied sediment to gain entry into the mine. According to the study of Douglas E Sweeney and Malcolm Scoble 2007 ANON URLPAGE. The accident was due to human error which includes that workers were not competent to work in such a high risk setting workers did not have the requisite knowledge of hazard assessment safety or emergency response. The mine supervision lacked an understanding of their roles responsibilities and geo mechanical acumen and mine management was suffering from cognitive dissonance and also there were decision errors. Improving the mine rescue system overall government enforcement and inspection system mine conditions through elimination of safety hazards will help to prevent accident. Although natural factor can cause many coal mining accident human error is the key cause of coal mining accident. Sticking to safety procedures and avoiding human errors should be always in mind. The most important is to prevent accident from recurring. Mark Twain once said It is better to be careful 100 times than to get killed once.
