Dropping Out of College Inside a small hotel in Munch city in Germany there a young beautiful smart girl working with her grandmother in the front desk. Every morning when I had may breakfast there in winter 2004 I saw her and asked my self why she didn't go to school like others in her age Last day before I left I asked her why she didn't go to school she smiled and said that will pay my tuition and what can I do after I have a certificate and when am I going to have a job I'm now 17 years old and I can earn much money up to 23 years old and I can have a car and pay for my rent and bills. My brother is an engineer and he just got a job and I can save more money than him. He reached his dream with a lot of financial problems that let him try to drop out before his friends helped him. I tried one term before dropping out when I got poor grades in my favorite subject. That is all . That was one of important lesson that answered the big question Why students drop out of college where it is their biggest dream when they passed high schools . Many countries face this problem and a lot of universities reported that with more question marks about the reasons that cause these issues as a widespread problem emerging on the surface. Getting poor grades emotional problems and money problems are some of these reasons. The first reason is getting poor grades. It is one of the serious problems which make leaving college an easier solution for many students. It is difficult to understand why they do that after they had spent more than twelve years of their life before they jointed college and how much expense they or their family spent to reserve seats there. Undergraduate students usually are teenagers who undergo physiological and psychological changes like they think that they don't need any helps or a piece of advice because they are not kids as they think and also they don't have enough experience to deal with any dilemma that face them like getting poor grades. The majority percentage of students who dropped out of college for this reason is from freshman students. That refers to many reasons which directed them to have poor grades while they had passed American College Test ACT which is difficult plus had gotten high score in high school too. One of those reasons is choosing wrong major that will make the subject more complicated. Student's desired major does not mean that it is the right major because the desire is still emotional if there is no explicit goals with well academic preparation such as research reading and writing skills. For example joining computer school to become computer programmer is one of the student's dreams and desires which are dependent on great job opportunities regarding the market demand with great carrier path and salary but that dreams do not make any things without more effort and extra outside learning and research to follow the fast technology changing of that field. There are some students who figure out that they selected the wrong major later after they failed the first test then they try to transfer to another major to make up their mistake. Another reason to get poor grades is not being able to study well nonetheless they have more space time than the high school because they don't give enough time to study as they give much time for fun that is widespread between college students who came from a small town or rural areas especially for students just started to be independent. Some times friends compel each other to miss classes and change focus from study to look for fun and it will be a big dilemma if they started drug addiction that is one of the integral problems that emerges on the college community surface. Getting poor grades some times force students to drop despite of they don't want to do that. For instance some students have loans or scholarships that might be lost if they had achieved less than the requirements to keep that fund source. The second reason is emotional problems which many college students face in their lives especially in the beginning. There are many causes to leave college regarding this reason like moving away from their homes which is difficult to start independent life with more new responsibilities than before they leaved their parents who usually take care of them. A student who just have moved away from his her home for the first time usually undergo difficult life with a new environment especially for those who came from small towns or rural areas that has different culture which maybe makes a cultural chock for him her that makes them drop out and going back home is the only solution. Some freshman students couldn't adapt themselves with the life change at the beginning as a result of missing their families and friends that make them depressed and homesick. For example student who is afraid of making new friends from the beginning because he couldn't trust anyone who is a stranger as he she considers he she maybe will stay alone and miss his her old friends who are in home that let him her be homesick when he she couldn't find some friends close to him her to talk with them and share his her problems to support him her in order to pass them. A new life likes adventure that needs to challenge and it has some risks. For instance students will face new responsibilities such as laundry duty plus they are studying this requires more challenges to balance between them but couldn't be able to do that all time maybe make them feel depressed and frustrated that make dropping out the option to avoid doing crazy issues before killing themselves like what happen in the Virginia University last year. There are some students like to get back home when their families have some troubles to share them then they couldn't back to their school especially if their families don't let them go because they need them. The third reason of leavening college is money problems which is a serious problem that college students are facing during their studying. Many of the students depend on their families as sponsors who pay for their college tuitions especially at the beginning before a few lucky smart of them get scholarships when the rest of them must pay their tuitions. Some student's families have some financial troubles that will effect paying the tuitions as long time then some of the students look for part time jobs to afford their expense if they can't get loans with a lot of risks to continue their studies. With time students who have part time jobs beside the school will have difficult situation that they are no longer able to afford all expenses and tuitions that make leaving their college the only solution to avoid more troubles. Some of the students who could get loans will figure out some of the future financial troubles of the loan after they wake up from dreaming to the actual life for the probability to get a job before payment starts and they consider what is delaying will increase that amount as result of interests. Then they try to find part time jobs to saving money to avoid that in the future before they choose to drop college as last solution too. On the contrary some students have a lot of passions and desires that usually need money to get earlier before graduation and get careers. Then they look for part time jobs to earn money then they look for full time jobs to get more money after they drop out of their school because they lost their motivations to continue. Some students get married or have family and children that make him more responsible to spend on them more than his school then he maybe delay or drop out his school because of the difficulty to pay his school tuition at the same time especially if he finds a job opportunity that he pursue to take care for his family as he considers that is a high priority than continue their study. Finally dropping out collage is one of the serious problems that many countries face and there are many reasons that make students do it. Some of these reasons are getting poor grads emotional problems and money problems. It will be a danger bell if it is not fixed and recovered before becomes a widespread issue. Many universities suggest having some preparation courses before deciding to start academic school as one of the solutions to avoid dropping out issue. Other universities have established some consultation office to study that and try to help students who want to drop out to change their mind and find better solutions to continue their schools. One solution is distant learning if they should be back home until they can get back to their school again as full or part time students.
