Web 2. 0 Usability and Good Design According to Internet World Stats as of December 30 2007 Internet is used by 1. 319 Billion people. The Internet making World Wide Web possible is being evolved to Web 2. 0 . This Web 2. 0 Sounding like a new version of some old technology means a new Internet environment which allows more interaction between information on the World Wide Web and its common users. Now the common internet users' role and position are being changed from a receiver and user of information to a provider and creator of information. Yet these common users' changed position does not mean a change of their knowledge or increase of their knowledge to modify and add information. Consequently the new environment of Web 2. 0 Requires software and web developers to provide and build more effective devices to facilitate end users' participation and to reinforce usability for them. Web usability could be raised and supported by good information design good graphic design good interface design and good interaction design. In the era of Web 2. 0 The effect of graphic design seems still valid. Graphic design can build the impression of a web page and this impression constructed by visual elements of the web page contributes to delivering information efficiently. Like other forms of design graphic design refers to both designing that is a process to create communication visually with using text and images and designs or product generated by the process. In order to present information graphic design uses design elements and principles . These elements form the basic vocabulary of visual design while the principles constitute the broader structural aspects of the visual composition. By the combination of these design elements and principles diverse compositions can be created. These visual compositions affect users' perception and the perceived 'look and feel' establishes users' cognition. Although Web 2. 0 Provides more dynamic environment the users of Web 2. 0 Are not different from the ones from Web 1. 0. As a result the traditional graphic design can still serve raising usability because this graphic design has been based on the visual effects of the design elements and principles. Next interface design contributes to usability by assigning information properly and visual devices and reflecting practical essential information. The process of interface design is a process to transform the structure of information to the visual structure on a screen. In other words interface design is providing frames to keep information and space to communicate between the information and users. Although in this point interface design can be confusing with graphic design while graphic design just deals with colors and shapes interface design includes treating a conceptual and abstract structure of information. Therefore interface design can build a more accessible screen structure by arranging and organizing information structure. In addition regarding the changing environment of Web 2. 0 Another possibility of interface design could be expected. Information is composed of three aspects business aspects technical aspects and aspects of users. In the environment of Web 2. 0 The requirements of business aspects and technical aspects are dramatically being changed and these different requirements are requesting innovative interface design. Nevertheless there are the same users as the ones from the era of Web 1. 0. Accordingly interface design can support usability by minimizing user's efforts to adapt to the new environment and utilizing experience and knowledge of users. Lastly usability can be attributed to successful interaction by facilitating and drawing correct control of users. Interaction design focuses on users' behaviors which occur when users communicate with visual interface devices. Unlike the interface of printed matters because the web interface accompanies users' control of visual devices web usability values system's working and response to this users' behavior above everything else. Interaction design is often associated with the interface design in a variety of media but concentrates on defining and presenting users' behavior over time. Accordingly interaction design focuses on developing the system to respond to the user's experience. As with the Web 2. 0 Dynamic environment become common and information technology develops interaction between systems and users becomes various and increases. Therefore successful interaction design requests deep knowledge about new technology as well as understanding users. It means by using high technology building user friendly web environment. Therefore technology oriented interaction design might enhance users' understanding and control. In conclusion the new web environment or Web 2. 0 Opens more chances for users to communicate with systems and at the same time needs changes in design patterns in order to actualize users' more successful and easier communication that is usability. This usability can be established by the design elements and principles oriented graphic design the interface design having a balance between new requirements of business and technology and the interaction design resulting from deep understanding users and information technology. Considering all information design levels the utmost usability probably seems to go toward digital warm humane design. Then next a decade later what can we expect for usability A Xerox PARC scientist Alan Kay said the best way to predict the future is to invent it. Between the advancing technology and the people who will use it stand designers and their duty is shaping and guiding the future into humane forms.
