Factors influencing low Blood Pressure The most important fluid in our bodies is blood. It is pumped by the heart to all over the body by arteries whereas it goes back to the heart via veins. It supplies us with oxygen and essential nutrients. It also carries harmful waste products in order to get rid of them. As blood passes through arteries it exerts certain amount of pressure on the interior arterial walls resulting in what is called blood pressure. Blood pressure is defined as the measure of the pressure of the arteries during the active as well as the resting states of the heart. It is represented by two numbers one of which is greater than the other this reading is known as systolic pressure. Systolic blood pressure is the pressure that the heart generates when pumping blood to the various parts of the body. The lower number is the amount of the pressure on the arteries when the heart is at rest between each beat this type is denoted diastolic pressure. The reading 120 80 indicates normal blood pressure though many experts might think that 115 75 is optimal. However blood pressure reading is not static it varies considerably with the position the stress level the physical condition and the concurrent use of medications. Some people with high blood pressure readings can be thought of as normal especially if they are athletics . Many have high blood pressure for a long time causing serious heart complications later in life. Because of this high blood pressure is often called the silent killer. In the other hand blood pressure below 120 80 is considered a sign of fitness and health but this is not always true. Hypotension is the medical term for low blood pressure which is characterized by many symptoms such as dizziness fatigue fainting lack of concentration cold pale skin and thirst. Persistent low blood pressure can deprive the brain and vital organs such as brain of oxygen and nutrients. There are many causes of low blood pressure. These include pregnancy heart problems endocrine problems dehydration medications blood loss sever infection allergic reactions and nutritional deficiencies. The first cause of low blood pressure is pregnancy. Since women's circulatory system expands during this period the blood pressure drops by more than 7 points. After delivery the pressure goes back to normal levels gradually. For this reason pregnant women should put that into account and visit the gynecologist frequently to check her blood pressure along with other tests. Another cause contribute to hypotension is heart problems. Heart diseases prevent the heart from being able to pump sufficient amount of blood to the body. Weakened heart muscle due to the death of some tissues of the heart is one problem. For this reason the heart fails to pump blood. Heart infection such as myocarditis inflammation to the heart muscle which is caused by viruses can slow down heart beats thus causing low blood pressure. Pericarditis inflammation to the sac surrounding the heart is another heart problem. As a result the fluids accumulate within the pericardium pressing the heart thus lowering the blood pressure. Other examples of heart problems are bradycardia low heart rate arterial valve problems heart attach and heart failure. The third cause of low blood pressure could be due to endocrine problem. Hormonal imbalances such as overactive thyroid gland hyperthyroidism or undeactive thyroid hypothyroidism are the most common endocrine problems low blood pressure is attributed to. Adrenal insufficiency Addison's disease low blood sugar hypoglycemia and diabetes all are endocrine disorders leading to low blood pressure. Dehydration also a cause of low blood pressure which occurs when the body loses more water than it consumes. The person starts experiencing fatigue weakness and dizziness. The body might lose water because of fever vomiting sever diarrhea overdose of diuretics drugs that increase urination and hard exercising. Sever dehydration can result in a sudden drop of the body's blood pressure. Consequently hypovolmic refers to low volume of blood shock might occur with corresponding decrease in oxygen. It might cause death within minutes to few hours if remained untreated. Low blood pressure is triggered by the use of some medications. Drugs that are taken to treat high blood pressure hypertension are explicit examples of such drugs that give rise to dramatic decrease in blood pressure. Other examples of drugs that have potential effect in lowering blood pressure are diuretics drugs that treat Parkinson's disease tricyclic antidepressants viagra narcotics and alcohol. Theses drugs works by enhancing the loss of water form the body. Therefore it lowers the blood pressure. In addition to these causes blood loss is another factor. Blood loss occurs due to sever injuries surgical complications ulcers and internal hemorrhage. Losing a lot of blood means that less blood is pressing on the internal walls of the arteries. Therefore blood pressure diminished. Another reason is sever infection or what is called septicemia. This condition occurs when the infection in the body such as lung or urinary tract or gastrointestinal tract reaches bloodstream thus pressure declines leading to a condition known as septic shock. Pancreatitis is an example of such infections. Low blood pressure is also triggered by allergic reactions due to certain chemicals in food medication and latex. All of which cause anaphylaxis which is exaggerated by low blood pressure. The last cause that might exacerbate low blood pressure is nutritional deficiencies. Anemia resulted because of the lack of some nutrients such as vitamine B 12 and folate. Therefore blood cells decrease this decrease cause instant drop of blood pressure since less amount of pressure on the internal walls was being applied by blood. In conclusion blood pressure is a vital sign of human health. Low blood pressure is hazardous. There are many factors accounting for the incidence of hypotension. Such factors include pregnancy heart problems endocrine problems dehydration medications blood loss sever infection allergic reactions and nutritional deficiencies. Because law blood pressure is vital and often occurs suddenly People with multiple health problems should monitor their health conditions carefully so as to avoid possible undesirable future complication. They can check their blood pressure by visiting their physicians or they can use pressure measuring devices at home. Digital blood measuring devices are easier to use and often gives precise readings. Seniors should be kept under supervision because they might take an over dose of their medications due to their impaired memories. So everyone should take care of his her health with respect to all factors as the old saying states better worry than sorry .
