The Things that Make a Movie More Interesting and Exciting Have you ever experienced a feeling that makes you fascinated and thrilled when you are watching a movie If so what do you think made you feel that way In other words what components in a movie attract people Some people say that all the good movies have good actors and actresses some say that a great director is the most important. However there are a lot of examples of movies that had had great actors and actresses or a director but failed to even get people's attentions. Why it happens The answer is easy and simple. In fact the people who direct or act are all only small parts of a movie. There are more important things that not only constitute a movie but also make it more interesting and exciting a realistic plot dynamic and various kinds of characters and an unpredictable development. The first main component is a realistic plot. A movie is a creation. A world in a movie isn't real but an imagination and viewers of course expect some incidents which could not happen in the real world. They expect almost impossible things such as love between a prince and a poor but pretty and kind girl the end of the earth and an emergence of aliens. However the fact that a movie is a creation and it shows only imaginations doesn't mean a story in a movie could be nonsensical. A movie must be realistic. Imagine a story about a man who has been subsided but one day becomes a billionaire without any probabilities. The movie has to have the reason that he could be a billionaire. For instance he could win the first prize in a public lottery or could inherit an enormous property from one of his very distant relative who he has never known before. When the movie shows the reason like one of those as the story progresses people could understand and agree with the story. However if the reason he has become a billionaire is unreasonable or illogical people may not be interested in the story. For example if he picked up billions of dollars on the street who feels it could possibly happen It is very important to make viewers agree with the story because if not the movie might fail to gather people. When people meet with a realistic plot people totally adapt to the story of the movie. The second crucial component is dynamic and various kinds of characters. Generally there are two kinds of characters. One is a character that doesn't change all throughout the movie. It is very hard for these kinds of characters to attract people because things that the characters can show viewers are limited. People might be bored and nobody might see a movie if characters in the movie show the same acts and characters. On the contrary there is a character that changes dynamically from the beginning to the end of a movie. These kinds of characters make people concentrate on a movie and have expectations about the future story because it is so interesting to see the characters change or predict how they are going to change. A character's change can be considered that it is replaced by a new character. For that reason it often becomes important turning point of a movie. This also causes new accidents continuously and they make a movie more exciting. For example if a hero of a movie is an egoistic and stingy person and the character does not change until the end of the movie even he has experienced lots of things such as real love good friendship or unexpected kindness the movie may fails to gather people. The character of the man in the movie has to change slowly and positively as he has experienced those kinds of feelings and accidents and finally he has to regret his attitudes and be a generous person. Then the people who watch the movie could be impressed deeply as seeing the process that the man changes his thoughts and attitudes toward his surroundings and life. Like this changes of characters' move people by making a movie dynamic and active. The last important component that makes a movie more interesting and exciting is an unpredictable development. People expect a movie to show them new and innovative things all the time. They think that the movies that they can easily imagine the end are boring. They want a movie to surprise them by setting unpredictable accidents up. Actually the movies that anybody can predict what is going to happen cannot attract people's attentions at all. A director has to prepare reversed points in all parts of the movie to catch viewers' napping. For sure not every movie that gives hints explicitly in it or predictable cannot get people's attentions. There are movies that have been loved and called as noted films without any reversed points. They are however only a few. Most of good movies have to have several reversed points with unpredictable development in order to give viewers satisfaction and pleasure of being caught in a trap delightfully at many points especially the end parts of the movies. Viewers might be struck with wonder and might talk about the story again and again after that kind of movie whether they have guessed right the director's traps or not actually guessing right or not doesn't matter to them because if they've guessed right they might talk about their farseeing intelligence and if they've made a wrong guess they at least could talk about the director's intelligence and skillfulness. In this way an unpredictable development in a movie functions as a thing that repeatedly reminds people of the movie. In conclusion a realistic plot dynamic and various kinds of characters and an unpredictable development are the core components to make a good movie. Most of the movies that have been loved and well known as great movies consist of those three components. Though there are many other components that make a movie dynamic and exciting they are only tiny things as comparing with those three components. It might be good to try to find these three things in a movie when you watch it. Also if you consider these three components when you choose a movie next time you will be able to enjoy watching movie more pleasantly.
