Causes of High Divorce Rate in Taiwan Have you ever dreamed that you will meet a perfect soul mate marry him or her and make up a happy family throughout your life as the princess and the prince do in fairy stories when you were young I believe it would be a lot of people's dream. However with the development of the society the situation seems to be more complicated so this dream becomes more difficult to realize. Nowadays the divorce rate in every country is increasing gradually and that of Taiwan is also not exceptional. According to the statistic Taiwan has had the highest divorce rate in Asia for many years. This phenomenon is surprising. Divorce was not allowed in the traditional Chinese culture. As a result of the pressure of extended family and traditional ethic couples had to maintain their marriages reluctantly. Why could the situation change so much What causes Taiwan to have the high divorce rate In my opinions the reasons resulting in the high divorce rate in Taiwan include women's increased consciousness the amendment of Taiwanese legislation and frequent infidelity. First of all women's increased consciousness is one important cause for high divorce rate in Taiwan. A Chinese proverb says If a woman marries a chicken all she has to do is to follow the chicken. In the traditional Chinese society women's social status was very low because women were regarded as men's property. Another Chinese proverb says Women without talent abilities and opinions are moral. In the past Taiwanese women were educated in concerning about their husbands and their families. Their primary jobs were to take care of their family and to cook for their family at home. They tolerated any unfair and horrible treatments such as family violence because they considered themselves to be a property of their husbands or their families. Also they thought their husbands made money to raise their families so they should obey and follow their husbands' any decisions even if they thought the decisions were not accurate or proper. However Taiwanese women's attitudes to their marriages have changed significantly since their opportunity to get education increases. Now women have the same right to have well and high education with men which causes women to have their own opinions. They get diverse information from schools or mass media such as TV shows. Gradually the focus of their life switches from their families to their jobs. They have their jobs to make money for the economic independence. They do not consider that they belong to their husbands. On the account of their increasing consciousness they will strive to rights and declare their positions when they face the unfair treatments. When they have arguments with their husbands they will not compromise easily and be the disadvantaged side like the previous traditional Taiwanese women. Besides some of my female friends who divorced their ex husbands told me that one reason leading them to divorce is that they felt unhappy in their marriages. If they do not have a happy or satisfied marriage they incline to divorce to pursue their freedom and happiness. In addition legislation is another reason to cause the high divorce rate in Taiwan. The former legal provisions about divorce were very strict so it was not easy for couple to divorce. It stipulated that couples should not allow to divorce unless one of them makes a crucial mistake. Nevertheless the present Taiwanese legislation has been amended with the tendency. Now the law stipulated that couples could be allowed to divorce if one of them can offer a fair reason to claim that their marriage should not be maintained. Consequently the amendments contributed to divorcing easily. Also justices always judged children's guardianship to the father side in the past. Many women were afraid to lose their children so they chose to endure unhappiness and suffering in their marriages. Today the Taiwanese laws are pursuing the equality of men and women. The present legislation stipulates that guardianship would be judged to the father or the mother depend on the one who can provide the children with the good growing environment or who has better economic condition. At present many women perform better than men do and they might be paid with high salary. It means that women still could own children's guardianship if they sue for divorce. Because of these reasons the amendment of the legislation would trigger the high divorce rate in Taiwan. Last frequent infidelity is another essential cause to lead the high divorce rate in Taiwan. Nowadays the interpersonal relationship becomes more complicated and the interaction between people is frequent. Because of women's independence they also work out which makes people have more opportunities to meet the opposite sex. They spend a lot of time working with their colleagues or cooperators which might make them fall in love easily. In Taiwan many men have to work in China but their families still stay in Taiwan because of the children's education. They just lived alone in China. They might know other women through work. Lonely people are attracted easily by the opposite sex around them. My ex colleague is an example. Now he always stays with his lover in China and sends some money to his wife to support his family. Besides many people depend on the Internet. The Internet also offers people chances to make friends on the virtual world. They might be able to make friends in the chat room. Instead of talking with or communicating with their husbands or wives some people would like to tell their friends their secrets on the Internet. Also people's moral ideas become more diminished so infidelity occurs more frequently. In the past Taiwanese society if a husband has infidelity his wife would choose to keep silence to maintain their marriage. However the present women have their own thinking and ideas they will not tolerate to share husbands with other women. If their husbands do not break up with their girl friends most of them will decide to end their marriage. Thus infidelity occurs frequently and women do not pretend to be ignorant which lead a couple to divorce. In conclusion the traditional Chinese concept that everyone should just have a marriage throughout his or her whole life especially for women has changed. With the change of the environment Taiwan still has the high divorce rate inevitably. The first reason is women's increased consciousness. Now the Taiwanese women will not bear so much as the traditional Taiwanese women. They have their own ideas and they will not depend on their husbands. They have their own jobs so they do not have to worry about their economic conditions if they divorce their husbands. Because of those they could end their marriage in divorce bravely. In addition the amendment of Taiwanese legislation is another reason to result in Taiwanese high divorce rate. It loosens the restriction on divorce. If you can claim a reason which harmed you you might be able to sue for divorce easily. Also Taiwan legislation has been pursuing in the equality of men and women for many years. Women also could win their children's guardianship which makes women propose to divorce bravely. Last frequent infidelity also results in divorce. Infidelity occurs more frequently at present because the interaction between people increases and becomes complicated. Yet no one wants to share their mates with other so they decide to divorce their husbands or wives. Although divorce is common and become easier in the circumstance we should take this decision serious. Divorcing is a big deal for a person. Nevertheless it would influence not only the couple but also their children their whole family and even the society.
