WHAT A FRIEND A writer once said a friend in need is a friend indeed. I think he meant that to some people friendship is valued by what you can do for them not by who you are. I agree with this writer because my husband and I have made friendships with some people who have abused the real meaning of our friendship. A few years ago my husband introduced me to a person whose name was John. John who was a plumber worked for us fixing things in our business. At first he seemed to be a very nice person with whom our family became friends. Afterwards my son who loved to play with John wanted him to be his godfather and he accepted. In the church where my son was christened we invited all of our family. John who looked very nice came early so we had time to talk and laugh. We really had a good time but John that had looked so happy started feeling sad. John who was 44 years old had never had many serious relationships which he thought was very strange for his age. He thought that nobody could love him because physically he was not attractive. John was bald so he always wore a baseball cap to cover his head. Scott who is my husband helped to bring his self esteem back. He started looking for a girlfriend who could love him for who he was instead of how he looked. He dated and fell in love with a lady who worked in another restaurant. After dating for a while John and his girlfriend whose name was Amy were having problems. Every day John visited my husband at our restaurant and he would talk to Scott about his problems which were many about his relationship with Amy. My husband who listened carefully always took his time to give John good advice. Nevertheless John's relationship was falling apart and his girlfriend who moved away left him without hope. We spent more time with him during that period because he looked very depressed. In addition he told us that he was broke which was a very difficult situation for him. Then John asked us to lend him money to pay his bills and promised to pay us back as soon as he could. We agreed to loan him the money which has never been paid back. In the end my son lost his godfather John lost our friendship and we lost our trust in John.
