What I have made an important decision in my life is that I came to the U. S. To study English. The reason why I came to here is like this. First I was a student at the graduate school in Korea. Even though a lot of presentations and researches about my major's articles in English are very important factors I had only to do within the limit of basic level because I had just learned how to express the meaning of the context. When I had to study some kinds of subjects in my major I was in trouble with organizing main ideas. Because of this reason I felt anxious. I had to think some solutions. Due to the fact that unlike other students I didn't have any experiences for learning English in other countries at that time I was serious about my problems. Consequently I had to focus on my status and push for feasible plans. In actuality in Korea someone who speaks English very well is acknowledged as competent and someone who has experiences learning English in other countries also wins recognition from people. If I have studied English abroad it can be a good career choice because more and more people will recognize my experiences. Therefore I was scared of the lack of experiences. Then I decided to learn English not in Korea but in other countries. Second the U. S was a place I visited for sightseeing before. In addition since my sister's family lives in New York I chose the U. S because of my sister's advice. She wanted to help me with whatever I needed. She can find information and knowledge on many types of school and in all subjects using intelligent search good choices. If I had made a different decision I would have been in Korea. If I had been in Korea I would have to finish my coursework at a graduate school instantly. Now I think my life changed in some ways. Even though I learned in English for a short time I can speak and understand in English. My fear for meeting with native speakers is disappeared gradually. I'm happy what I decided to come here. If I hadn't come I would have been disappointed. Sometimes I think if I had enough money and time I could apply for a graduate school in Pitts. If I learned Pitts classes I would improved my ability for my major. However sometimes I miss my family and my friends in Korea. They can't come right now but I wish they could come to see me soon.
