Management of a trader's company is very interesting for me because I know one company in my country this company is one of the best of trader's companies selling products like oil soap and tea is the company's job. The SOKAF's company has marvelous workers who are giving their best in order for the company to be successful. Therefore the hard work that workers are doing makes the company better and better. In addition the management of a trader's company is one of best the ways that people survey or analyze society's movement carefully. This management might be company's expenses and benefits. For example I know someone who works for SOKAF's company his name is Berthe. Berthe's principal work is to manage the company he is managing the company as well as he can. According to the result at the end of year Berthe succeeded in managing by improving works and increasing the budget of the company. The management of trader's company has both advantages and disadvantages. People often argue the advantages of the trader's company some people think that advantages are the confidence and faithfulness from their clients other people think that advantages are the favors that banks and suppliers provide to the company. Moreover the advantages also can be the workers who toiled by providing great quality because of the company might expect a positive outcome at the end. The disadvantages which are opposite of the advantages are the late payment of workers and suppliers. The late payment provokes some problems between the company and his workers like if a worker receives salary late might discourage him or her from doing job correctly. After excellent controls or examinations and hard work that manager did for the company. The company will function well be successful and the budget will get larger and larger. According to Youba a friend of mine who studied management in Egypt Management of trader's company means a manager who works for the company needs to know the company's budget know how many people work on it and how much the company spends and benefits the workers get so the manager will take a decision for all these. However management of factory is a manager who does not need to know the workers and the salary of workers the only thing the manager needs to know is the company's budget. In conclusion the management of a trader's company means the analysis that a manager does in the company like checking out bank's transcript maneuvers and cashiers. Traders need to be quite assiduous at ferreting out information from multiple sources looking at multiple overlays what's happening in the industry what's going on with company management what's strategies of the company what's regulatory environment in which the company is operating and things like that by Mark Paul William and Emma Soane.
