Internet censorship The censorship can be defined as any kind of surveillances that any kinds of authority execute to prevent specific material to be published. This issue in some places in the world can have a lot of argument and in other places it's not an issue at all. Internet censorship is a matter as a human right. The right of being able to choose the way you want to think is being violate in the internet censorship. As a Consequence this makes you feel that you being under control others. I had experienced this back when I was in my country. As I can imply from my experience censorship could prevent some unacceptable truth or fact to be published. And this is against our freedom to decide whether any materials we found in the internet is acceptable or not regarding to our culture. Let the parents do their job. One of the major issues that made the internet censorship legalized is the adult's material. As I can see this issue can be different from culture to culture. In some conservative societies it is really a big issue but in some other it is not that immense. As we can see nowadays there is almost no huge country that wouldn't contain a minority of group from different culture living together under the name of one Nation. So it is not acceptable to impose something not acceptable regarding to your culture or religion to the other groups of people. When we get back to pornography problem there is other solution for it instead of censorship without necessitating to censorship. For instance in some countries where I can see that they had succeeded in on order to solve this problem they have a censorship in their schools to prevent the bad materials to reach the underage. And when it comes to outside schools I think it is up to the parents of the underage. The collateral damage from the censorships is what I have seen from a lot of example of internet censorship it is sometime gets more then what it really made for. For example of misused of the censorship in some countries. It is being announces that the censorship is just made for blocking the pornography. But in fact it's getting wider to include political issues and some other parties diverse opinions. And sometime it is become so silly to include some personal matters. In general we can't refute the importance of censorships. But whether we agree or disagree it's impossible to get an authority wouldn't misused it by any way. So I would propose that the greatest way to get this dilemma solved is by spreading the knowledge of the terrible effects of uncontrolled using of internet by a group of people. To construct it a self control as much as we can.
