Intelligence Factors Many know Sir Isaac Newton but how many know his life before his first theory In fact many will be surprised when they know he was a lazy careless student especially in science classes such as math and physics! He grew up without his parents in less than normal life in a poor neighborhood which affected him to studies well because he was not encouraged. Intelligence was not born with him. After time when an apple fell from a tree he tried to change his life by his extreme talents used to avoid his boring life. He made up his life and broke the difficult walls to become intelligence via many factors which converted his life. These factors include the environment learning and life experience which usually effect on the intelligence. The first factor is the environment. Intelligence is like a plant which needs seed to grow just as the environment which is the main base that always feeds the brain and affects intelligence since the beginning of childhood. Family and neighborhood are the most core sources of knowledge. For instance in one field of science usually it is appeared e many genius Scientists from the same family or district such as Madame Curie who awarded the Nobel Prize in physics. Her family also has continued her researches. The environment sometimes constrains a person's development and also maybe it doesn't accept any extra ordinary creative that against. For example in the beginning centuries in Europe the death was only the reward for anyone who tried to create a new smart product. The second one is learning. In my country Saudi Arabia we say the learning in youth is like drawing on a rock . Intelligence needs learning just as a plant needs. Imagine a baby without his parent's help and feeding he will cry then die. On the contrary if they look after the baby that absolutely will raise him well they will improve his life. In life each one has different abilities and skills. It is usually are difficult to decide which knowledge area in which s he will be innovative. On the other hand some people are adept at an area other than their field of study. So learning has diverse levels and types which affect the intelligent levels until it reaches a limit where extra change will be modest without practice and experience. All the knowledge in books is like a drop in the ocean. Where our lives have a lot of events usually books do not mention that life experience which is the third factor affects intelligence. After the plant is watered and grown it needs to adapt itself to the most challenging obstacles to survive which is the experience of the intelligence. Intelligent people always like to shape their talents. For example the intelligent scientists are found in labs and they could explain and describe a lot of points through their observations. Sometimes they receive awards such as Nobel Prize for their creative attempts if they survive . Most experience comes from training and sharing knowledge like attending forums and workshops. We can say experience is like dessert after heavy meal. Eventually there are many factors that affect intelligence through life. Environment learning and life experience factors are some of them. Parents are responsible for their children's mental development. Then later in life they become independent and free to decide to carry on or stop. Intelligence needs care and improvement in life to get great results. It needs more co operations between families communities and the person who wants to increase his or her intelligence abilities. There are some who say most of intelligence is inherited from a family member not from learning but in my opinion it is like a sport which needs more exercises to keep it or it will dethrone by time. Now there are special classes and courses concern the development of intelligence teaching a lot of useful theories and knowledge in our modern life that requires cooperation of the environment and the families to build new intelligent generation.
