John McCain He has been a Senator since 1992. He has been a naval aviator. He has retired from navy for 27 years. McCain has established a reputation as a political maverick for his willingness to disagree with his party on several key issues. McCain lost the Republican nomination in the 2000 presidential election. But in the 2008 presidential election cycle McCain staged a comeback after his campaign stumbled in mid 2007 and by the end of January 2008 he was the Republican front runner once again. McCain has gained enough delegates to solidify his status as the presumptive nominee on March 4 2008. Barack Obama He has been a Senator since 2000. He has been a lawyer. During his eight years in the Illinois state Senate Obama helped working families get ahead by creating programs like the state Earned Income Tax Credit which in three years provided over 100 million in tax cuts to families across the state. Obama also pushed through an expansion of early childhood education and after a number of inmates on death row were found innocent Senator Obama enlisted the support of law enforcement officials to draft legislation requiring the videotaping of interrogations and confessions in all capital cases. Obama has written two bestselling books a memoir of his youth titled Dreams from My Father and The Audacity of Hope a personal commentary on U. S. Politics. He has divested 180 000 in personal holdings of Sudan related stock and has urged divestment from companies doing business in Iran. Hillary Clinton She has been a lawyer and a First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001. Clinton has been a first female senator from New York State for many years. In the Senate she initially supported the George W. Bush administration on some foreign policy issues which included voting for the Iraq War Resolution. She has subsequently opposed the administration on its conduct of the Iraq War and has opposed it on most domestic issues. She was re elected by a wide margin in 2006. In the 2008 presidential nomination race Clinton has won the most primaries and delegates of any woman in U. S. History. She has been ranked among the world's most powerful people by Forbes magazine and Time magazine's.
