Do you have the guts to quit when facing a Cul de Sac Seth Godin asks this question in his motivational book for businessmen The Dip. Later he saids that winners quit all the time. While I might agree with this idea in some situations the most important decision in my life was to not give up when I was in a terrible slump. I can't imagine what I would be doing if I had quit my job eight years ago. The tough time left me with a great lesson and a lasting wonderful friendship. When I was transferred from a small branch to the dealing room in the headquarters of my bank I was full of confidence that I would be able to overcome any difficulties in the new position. My new job as a dealer in the foreign exchange section was what I really had been hoping to get for a long time. If I could get trained as a dealer I would be an expert in the foreign exchange market! However the gap between my ideal and the reality tormented me. I clearly remember the hard days the strictest boss that I had ever met the difficult skills in dealing that I wasn't able to learn as quickly as others did and the extremely intense atmosphere of the dealing room. Every five minutes my boss shouted at me and I found that I made mistakes in my deals. I was not fortunate enough to have any co workers who were willing to kindly share the painful feelings with me. As a result the last thing that I had to do every day was to leave the office while hiding the tears in my eyes. On my way home I was thinking about my mistakes. If only I hadn't made that mistake or if only I were good at the dealing systems I told myself. Three months later I saw a doctor since I was exhausted mentally and physically. My family found me suffering from insomnia caused by depression which led to a vicious cycle. I couldn't concentrate on my task and at the same time I lost confidence in everything. Eventually I came to think about quitting my job since I felt that I could no longer persevere the situation. If I quit my job I would no longer see my boss blowing up and would no longer be worried about my mistakes. I wish I were a competent woman so that I could deal with this job On the other hand the thought of losing my job frightened me. If I didn't have a job what would I be living for I was wondering how I could get out of my situation. My family told me that it would be one of the options to quit the job and take a break because of my health. Should I quit my job Or is it better for me to continue to work at the bank I felt like I was running in the same cycle without an exit. Gradually I noticed that I couldn't give up my dream of working as a dealer. Then I made up my mind to go through the hardship and kept going to the office. One year and half later I got bumped up. This meant that I got a trainee that I was responsible for teaching the job. No more being scolded! I was so happy to teach him and tried to be a good helper for him. If I hadn't endured the severe experiences I couldn't have been promoted there and couldn't have understood such bitter feelings that every new learner has. Simultaneously I got a new task work of dealing and had reliable teammates with whom to share it. If I had given up my job I wouldn't have a chance to do this new assignment. Moreover I couldn't have met my brilliant co workers including my husband. If I had quit my job then I might not be married now. In retrospect it seemed that I happened to make the decision according to my intuition because I was at a loss about what to do on the verge of running away from my slump. Now I repeatedly think of what I might be doing if I had quit it at that time. Endurance while chasing your dreams might be difficult and sometimes seemingly impossible but the strength and unexpected gifts that it gives can make it worth your while in the end.
