Going abroad is the most important decision I have made in my life because my dream finally came true. When I was little I always wanted to leave my nagging parents away. I wanted freedom so I could do whatever I wanted to do without asking my parents' permission. Every year one of my birthday's wishes was always like I hope I would grow up as soon as possible and then I could pursuit my dreams. Finally I decided to come to the U. S. To study owing to the fact I wanted to experience the life of America. My English was very poor so I had strongly desired to improve it. Thus I had thought that the idea of going to America to study would be wonderful as I expected it to be but I was soon disillusioned. I didn't know plenty of vocabulary so I wasn't able to communicate with others. I did not even know the meaning of have a nice day. Anyway I couldn't express myself well so I felt myself weak and hopeless and I felt like being a deaf and mute person for the first time. As a result I disciplined myself to reinforce my English I stayed up late almost every night to study and I listened to the radio or TV program while I was sleeping. At that time I wish I would have not made that decision of going oversea and I wish I had learned English at early age. I wish I had known the situation that I would have encountered. The very important thing I learned was that I became more independent and strong. I learned how to change a tire fix a toilet when it clogs drive a car cook take my own responsibility and use English to argue my rights with people such as I got short change or they gave me the wrong meal that I didn't order. If I hadn't left away my cozy home I wouldn't have confronted those difficulties. If I hadn't gone out to see the world I would not have known what the reality was. The world wasn't always as wonderful as I thought it to be. On the other hand I was overprotected because my parents created a very nice shelter for me. If I had not been through this I would not have known that how parents can make great sacrifices for their children and I would have still been a spoiled and ungrateful kid. If I had decided to go back to my country because I couldn't afford the pressures I would have become a big loser and I wouldn't have learned many things. I am very happy with my determination because I have learned plenty of things. Also I will stick to the end because there isn't any backward for me anymore. I don't know that I made the right decision or not because many people at my age that they are already graduated from graduate school. Unlike me I still stick with undergraduate and struggle with English though. But it is a consolation that I am having a wonderful experience which many people are dream of.
