SUBTITLES OR DUBBING Dubbing and subtitles are the two alternative methods of translating foreign language movies in order to make them accessible to the domestic market. According to Wikipedia subtitles are textual versions of the dialogue in film and television programs usually displayed at the bottom of the screen and dubbing is the process of recording or replacing voices . . . With voices recorded that do not belong to the original actors and speak in a different language than the actor is speaking . I'd like to add to the latter definition an important element that it lacks the lip synching need which plays a large role in the dubbing process. As Danan and Luyken stated there seems to be a distinct separation between countries of the Europe in the use of this two popular methods. Typical dubbing countries are Austria France Germany Italy and Spain whereas typical subtitles countries are Belgium Denmark Finland Greece Luxembourg the Netherlands Portugal and Sweden qtd. In Koolstra Peeters and Spinhof 326 . I think it is important to underline though that while in most parts of Europe foreign movies are released in two versions subtitled and dubbed so the audience can choose its favourite version in Italy there is no choice every moviegoer is forced to see the dubbed version. As I myself surveyed by debating with people of different nationalities not only the practitioners employed in the field but the viewers too in most cases people prefer the method which they were accustomed to. My interest in this subject rises from the debate that has been discussed for years in Italy where with the exception of movies destined for festivals which are subtitled because of lack of time all foreign movies are dubbed before the release in movie theaters. Usually defenders of dubbing maintain that subtitles obscuring part of the picture interfere with the visual experience and distract the attention destroying in this way the screening illusion. Those who dislike dubbing on the contrary claim that it damages movies because it cancels and replaces the original soundtrack changing thus the author's intention. Besides these arguments sometimes both methods are criticized because of the bad translation adopted to solve space or synchronization problems. I'd like to respond to these rash and preliminary judgments by examining pros and cons of each method in order to have an unprejudiced summary of the situation. To that end I'm going to borrow the effective partition conceived by Koolstra Peeters and Spinhof. In their analysis of the two methods' advantages and disadvantages the researchers divide their examination in three subjects information processing aesthetics and learning effects 327 . As for the information processing both subtitles and dubbing are subjected to a process of condensation that can cause a loss of information. Subtitles are shown on the screen for six seconds and each two line subtitle contains a maximum of sixty four characters. Therefore in most cases the text has to be condensed Koolstra Peeters and Spinhof 328 . This is valid for dubbing too but I'd like to point out an important further disadvantage that involves dubbing. Differently from these researchers' concept my opinion derived from my experience as translator is that a dubbed version is exposed to an even worse necessity of condensation because of the shortness of English the language of most of the imported movies. Furthermore this method has to meet another requirement that is the lip synching. This means that to indulge the aesthetic demand sometimes translators are forced to alter the text. Consequently while in their article they argue that less often than with subtitling there will be information loss for a viewer who is watching a dubbed version Koolstra Peeters and Spinhof 329 I hold that in most cases because of the risk of manipulation the information processing is a point in favour of subtitling. Another important factor is that while the condensation or the manipulation can be recognized in the subtitle version by a moviegoer who knows the foreign language there is no chance for anyone to know them in the dubbed one. On the other hand a characteristic in favour of dubbing is the mental effort required from a subtitled movie audience. Because of this difficulty especially for kids there can be a loss in the transfer of information. But I think there is a much more important argument that endorses subtitling. It concerns the code mixing and how author's idea is obscured in some dubbed movies. In some movies the screenplay includes parts in other languages that in the original version are subtitled. Often to meet naturalness requirements these parts are translated and adapted cancelling thus the linguistic difference that complying with the author's wishes should give to the movie an exotic taste. Seeing the movie in the original version gives the audience the opportunity to discover italianization in several films. Anyone who has seen The Godfather trilogy can relate to this. This phenomenon called code mixing is a clear example of the greater vulnerability to manipulation and censorship to which dubbing countries are exposed compared to subtitling countries . An extreme example of manipulation is represented by the Italian dubbed version of Jean Luc Godard's Le M al ngrt they might distract the viewer's attention away from the screen and the artistic unity of picture and sound is lost when the dialogue is presented through on screen text 331 337 . In fact according to Teunissen subtitling causes an 'attention split' which negates the audiovisual power of medium qtd. In Koolstra Peeters and Spinhof 337 . Nevertheless I'm convinced that this 'attention split' is more strong in a dubbed movie in which as I have already mentioned the soundtrack is removed and replaced. This operation has a big influence on the aesthetics not as much for the replacement of actors' voices since dubbing actors' voices are equally professional and charming and sometimes even more attractive but for the impossibility to experience the spatiality of the original soundtrack. This changing causes a loss in the enjoyment of the screening. Another important aspect it concerns the learning effects. As Koolstra Peeters and Spinhof argue when watching non subtitled movies the audience is subjected to learn unknown words sentence structure and expressions in their own language simulating in this way a development of linguistic skills 340 . But this is more valid for television programmes than for movies where the language is not so educational. Likewise watching subtitled programmes leads to better reading skill in children developing in the meanwhile their decoding skills as shown by a study conducted by Koolstra in 1997 qtd. In Koolstra Peeters and Spinhof 340 . However in my opinion the most important skill developed in watching foreign movies in the original version for people of every age is the foreign language acquisition. I think that the effects of this inadvertent learning is demonstrated by the great range of good knowledge of English in the typical subtitling countries without considering the advantages for pronunciation. A remarkable question that regards dubbing is the economic matter. In addition to the general fondness to an old tradition there is a big group of practitioners that works in this field actors translators dubbing directors dubbing assistants and sound engineers. No one of them are obviously willing to accept subtitles. The only subject not threatened with being laid off is the translator but there is a big difference from the earnings derived from a screenplay translation planned for dubbing and the profit derived from translating subtitles. Another argument against dubbing is the time of the release. It takes time to dub a movie much more time than subtitling it. This is why at least two months go by between the purchase of a foreign movie and its release. This is a disadvantage for release corporations along with high expenses. People in typical dubbing countries like Italy are accustomed to this method and most of all they don't want to read subtitles because they argue that subtitles interfere with the visual experience. Moreover they maintain that a creative translation not strictly faithful to the original can sometimes bring additional fun and depth to movies. This is true but what about the originality of the movie and the respect for authors' ideas A movie is a work of art. I'm convinced that when dubbed a movie is altered mispresenting the author's intent. I believe this is an important point that involves an unsaid ethical conduct which translators should take into consideration. Thanks to the adhesion towards the original subtitles could not only preserve the completeness of the showing but they allow viewers to go through a unique sound sensory experience. According to the UK Film Council on the basis of a 2007 survey foreign language movies are considerably more likely to be a box office smash than a decade ago Rob Sharp . One of the principal reason advanced is the growing maturity of moviegoers. Although this survey referred to not English subtitled movies I think it could be applied to every kind of subtitled films. Beside this opinion is supported also by Luyken who contends that younger viewers in subtitling as well as dubbing countries seem to be developing a preference for subtitling qtd. In Koolstra Peeters and Spinhof 350 . The best example in representing this trend is the phenomenal success of Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ in Latin and Aramaic. In supporting the original version I can also add the question of naturalness it makes no sense for people that live in New York in Mexico or in Asia to be speaking in Italian that for an attentive observer causes a further 'attention split'. Even if for all the reasons listed herein I'm convinced that the subtitled version is preferable this involves merely preferences therefore the best way to not impose one's will it would be to leave the choice to the audience releasing both versions. This would allow people like me to not wait for the DVD version. Bibliography Diadora Pierangela La traduzione dei mistilingui Italica 80. 4 2003 530 539. Dubbing filmaking 20 Apr 2008 ANON URLSITE Koolstra Cees M. Peeters A. L. And Spindhof H. The Pros and Cons of Dubbing and Subtitling European Journal of Communication 17. 3 2002 325 354. Russo Mariachiara Simultaneous film interpreting and users' feedback Interpreting 7. 1 2005 1 26. Sharp Rob. How film fans fell in love with subtitles The Indipendent ANON URLSITE 21 Aug 2007. Subtitle captioning 20 Apr 2008 ANON URLSITE
