Where do stereotypes come from Have you ever heard like these saying Black can sing. Or Teenagers are too young to make a decision about their life There have been so many kinds of stereotypes not only about minorities of a society but also about almost all the nationalities. Although these stereotypes sometimes are positive things they can influence strongly negative effects on a particular nations in most case. Why do these stereotypes exist The reason could be explained by 2 ways the effects of historical facts and mass medias. First stereotypes usually have come from historical facts. For example Korea was invaded by Japan and China lots of time thoughout its history and Koreans couldn't have enough time to develop contemporary industries comparing other countries. They've worked very hard in order to catch up with other countries. As a result Koreans now become having a stereotype that Koreans spend their most of time to work. Though they don't work hard today as much as they did in the past people in the world still think the stereotype is true because it has existed for a long time. Second mass medias often cause stereotypes. In many films Asians are described as the people who love only money. They consider how they can make more money and win a lottery. It is not true and nobody knows where the stereotype came from. However it is considered seriously just due to a film shows people such that way. Since the power of mass medias is really strong everyone cannot help accepting the information that is in them such as TV dramas or films as a truth. In conclusion there have been a lot of unreliable and unreasonable stereotypes about nationalities which came from historical facts and mass medias. Because they've existed too long it might seem almost impossible to get rid of them from everyone's mind. However they should removed because of their terrible effects upon the images of nationalities and the relationships and interactions between nations all over the world. If we try to accept stereotypes from all the ways carefully and thoughtfully we must be able to close to each other.
