On sunny day the weather is so fantastic that everyone is smiling except ANON_NAME_0 who is 21years old and some his friends. Some of them are even crying. The reason why they look very sad is that today is the day which ANON_NAME_0 starts serving in the army for 2 years. They cry and cry again. His dad who already quit the serve about 20years ago are so sad as well because he knows what the army is. Does army that makes people sad deserve it much In fact there are some awful aspects and disadvantage of it namely wasting time hurting men's body and spirit and separating from lovely people. In Korea for most men it is mandatory to serve in army navy or air force approximately for 2years. Since the government wants healthy people for army many of them go into the army when they are very young like 20 or 21. During the beginning of 20's people prepare a lot of things for the future like studying health going through many hardship. On account of the government men are called to army at that young age. While the government wants them for nation's wealth it wastes the important resource of nation which is a person. Even though the circumstance of army is getting better and better it is not really good and proper for people yet. For example there are sill much violence in army so people hurt easily during the period. Even in 21century a physical violence still exists. The government is not willing to notice everything in army though many severe accidents including killing people are shown on the News. Also some people finishing the service might not adjust to society on account of fear out of an army. They might live forever with the fear which is from army. Last to get into an army they must be separated from their lovely people. Can you imagine that people are separated from lovely family and girl friend or boy friend by a force It hurts people so much. Is it necessary for men to serve in the army If so for whom or what Of course some people might say that children becomes real men through the army. However it is just very small part of it and there is nothing more important than a person. All presidents who have military drafts and have lovely a male child must reconsider about the military.
