In my country men who are healthy must spend 18 months serving in the army. Even though some people especially men think that serving in the military wastes a lot of men's time I still agree that men should be sent to the military because the life in the militaty can help men learn how to become independent and realize how to cooperate with others. First of all the life of the military can help men become independent. In my country women often says that a man who do not serve in the army is not a man because he behave like a child. Men who are in the military should take care of himself. Before serving in the military they might live with their family or friends. Their families and friends will give them assistance if they face some problems However they should deal with their problems by themselves when they serve in the military. They should be responsible for their superiors. Take my brother and my cousin as examples. Before my brother serve in the military he was depend on my parents since my parents did anything for him. He always followed my parents' suggestions even they were wrong. After serving in the military he becomes more independent and has his own ideas. We could feel that he became more mature after seving in the army. In addition men can realice how to cooperate with others through their lives in the army. Nowadays everyone emphasizes on the importance of teamwork. The life of the military can train men to get used to the group work in advance before they start working in companies. A military is like a small society. They have the strong concept of the social hierarchy. Man can learn to follow their supervisiors and cooperate with their colleagues. To conclude I do not think that the fact that men spend time serving in the military waste men a lot of time. They can not only learn how become independent and mature but also realize how to cooperate with others. I believe that they could learn a lot of experiences through the life in the army. For these reasons I strongly agree that men who are healthy should serve in the military.
