In my opinion many people allege that severing the military is kind of wasting of time. When people get into the army we do not have much free time to do whatever we want to do because our life centers on the military. But I believe the idea of military draft is a good idea for two reasons one is physical reason and the other reason is psychological reason to those people in the military. First of all the physical reason is that people are required to get training day by day while they are in the military. For instance soldiers have to fold their blankets as soon as they get out of bed. Or they have to stand upright run the playground for never ending times. In this modern society many people don't like exercising because they don't have time to do it or they don't feel like to do it. As a result people are fat or obedience. The benefit of entering the military can help people to build daily routine which can strength the bodies. It can lead people to a healthier lifestyle. Second of all the psychological reason is that people usually become mature after finishing their duty of the military. For example my cousin and my friends they used to be very childish and immature. The daily activities they did was playing on line games or being coach potatoes. They were lazy and hopeless because they had practiced this kind of lifestyle for years. We always say that they would be sorry to themselves when they grew older. Surprisingly after they participated in the military they had fraught with many difficulties not only had they to abandon their old habits in order to survive in the military but also they picked up some very good habits such as reading and working out a lot regularly. However I strongly suggest that people should serve in the army force because there are many advantages that people would never think of. The military not only trains people's bodies but also cultivate people's mind which leads people to have more positive outlook in the life. Like my father always says a person who has affirmative attitude and health body is the richest man in the world.
