People of a given particular group often have their own views of how other group of people are. These views are qualified of stereotypes. Stereotypes may have some explanation however they often have some effects which can be positive or negative. Here are some negative effects of stereotypes they can induce people to be very cautious about other people they create some misjudgment about other people and they can sometime cause wars. First stereotypes can induce people to be very cautious about other people. For example because of many terrorists are moslim some people believe that every moslim is a terrorist. Consequently they are very cotious when they meet a moslim. Second some stereotypes induce people to misjudge other people. For example most foreigners think that Americans are arrogant and individualist and when meeting an American they are in the qui vive. They are prompt to be arrogant against Americans. Also they are reluctant to help Americans because they believe that in the same situation the American will not help them. I was surprise to see that most American are not arrogant and they are not as individualist as I heard before. So stereotypes create misjudgments. The third effect of stereotypes is that they can create wars. Some people often have a strong negative opinion of other people and they are prompt to counter them as enemy. For example Burkinabe in Ivory cost are seen as people who like to fight. Consequently politicians use that stereotype to nurture spiteful against Burkinabe in order to get popularity. What politicians do is to say their population that if they are president they will expatriate foreigner and they will withdraw businesses from foreigner and give them to their own population. Worst some ethnical group are isolated in the politic process because they are said to complot with foreigner. As a result Ivory cost has been in civil war since 1999. Stereotypes are often dangerous because they induce people to be cautious toward other people they create misjudgment and they can also induce people to civil war Sociologists must draw the awarenesse of people in order to avoid the negative consequence of stereotypes.
