ANON_NAME_0 Last Name Writing 5S Rob Makulo Apr. 3 2008 Stereotype There are a lot of events in the world haven't logical reasons to describe that why there are. Stereotype one of the factors that are explained. Now one knows where it comes from. There are several reasons that effect on the stereotype. Some of that reasons are family education and media information. The first factor is family. Everyone reflects what he or she raise on that depends on his or her family learned or told him or her from his or her child life. For example each one has different behaviors and skills that most of them don't inherent from born but it as result of the family raised like eating way and language. Family usually try to copy their experiences to their children like how they can deal with some troubles or some situations. For instance kids usually don' talk with stranger people because their families learned them that. The second factor is education which is people spend a lot of their life there. As result of the information inside education's materials students should believe some of what that information tell them. For example history subject in one culture will learn some information and knowledge is defferent from another cultures. In addition politics reinforce the education a lot of poultice issues that support their aims and objective especially about the their enemies that will effect on how read or study that. The third factors is the media information such as TV Radio and Internet. People now try to learn and know than what they learned in schools and childhood. For example TV media reflect a lot of idea and information that pass it's viewer boundary. That information will feed some people a lot of stereotype that maybe they believe and like. Internet open the country boundaries but still doesn't broke a lot of negative stereotype like hatenees. In conclusion there are several reasons that effect on the stereotype. Some of that reasons are family education and media information. Stereotype still inherent between life generations but the negative side of it is decrease than before when people try to understand other cultures by open mind.
