ANON_NAME_0 Last Name April 3 2008 04 03 Writing 5T Stereotyping is common in many societies today. It is like conception with specific meaning which can be positive but more often negative in tone. There are several causes why people judge other people based mainly on which ethnic group or nationality they belong to that's why often these stereotypes are negative and harmful. In my opinion racial group religion and sexual orientation are three of the most frequent causes in today's life. At first racial group is one crucial and noticeable cause why people have different understanding of other people. Nowadays they are grouped together on the every piece of the world which means that they are cooperating living speaking and many other things together. As we know everybody of us is somehow diverse and individual in many ways. It can be personality behavior of each of us but in this case I mean ethnicity and mainly color of face. If you assume you know what the person is like inside the body in the heart and don't look at each person individual you are not making errors in person's characters. In addition this also brings racism as the most known issue and problem through all over the world. People are able to kill his sister or brother because he or she has different color of the face. Secondly let me notice and mention religion as a second cause of stereotyping. One person different religion. There are a lot of religions faiths and beliefs in the world. Everybody of us believe and trust in something different. Now I am studying in English language institute but I have seen a lot of arguments and conversations said in bad ways. Some people are fighting for their beliefs. It is normal and acceptable but it can also cause serious problems among people's relationship. Last one is a sexual orientation. This is also fundamental cause why people can hate each other. There are many relationships that people can have and live in. This is not reason why we should fight each other . Everybody has right to live like he or she wants and feel. In sum I think that unfortunately stereotyping is everyday more and more common. There are attributes that members of the other group hold in common. In conflicts people tend to develop negative and harmful images of the other side but shouldn't forget that stereotypes are also part of our culture.
