Have you heard a humor describing heaven as a place with Chinese food French arts and English literature This is a most common stereotype many people have about other countries. Stereotyping is sometimes useful to guess other people's behavior or thought. On the other hand it sometimes gives us biased prejudice. Why do we have stereotypes There are two causes of stereotyping common behavioral tendency of each culture's members based on their own culture and misunderstanding for strange cultures. First of all a stereotype is the result of common behavior of members of a culture. Each culture or country has its own cultural background and all members of the culture share their own cultural behavior. For example there is a stereotype about Koreans which assumes that every Korean is shy and hesitates tell his or her own opinion in public. This Korean common behavior is based on the specific cultural background of Korea which regards silence more valuable than speaking. People also usually have a stereotype about Americans which assumes that they are more individual and liberal than Koreans. That is often true because American culture has more strong individualism than Korean culture. Another cause of stereotyping is misunderstanding for strange culture. For example in Korea some people eat dogs. Many people who love dogs like family criticize this behavior. They think that every Korean eats dog and enjoy it. However it is a typical stereotype caused by misunderstanding for Korean culture. Even in Korea only few people eat dogs. In addition in Korea dogs have been raised not only as pets but also as just animals like pigs or cows for a long time. Therefore the issue eating dogs is not a problem about humanity or cruelty for Koreans. It is just a strange culture. Subsequently stereotyping is a cultural result caused by various cultural background and misunderstanding about other cultures. Even though stereotyping has been used as a negative image which represents narrow and biased prejudice about other cultures it is true that it is sometimes useful to guess people's behavior.
