Cause and effect essay Stereotypes In the present as in the past human society stereotypes are unfortunately very common. This treat of the human societies derives from the innate tendency of human beings to judge other people and every day events. The main effects produced by stereotypes such as the misjudgment the discrimination and the enhancement of conflicts are usually negative. Trying to find a cause to explain the birth and the diffusion of a stereotype the principal reason that it is possible to mention is related to the human nature. Every one has an innate surviving instinct that forces us to judge the world in which we are living. So we have this propensity to create a concept in our mind that most of the times allows us to manage situations learn from previous bad experience and that in general helps us to survive. However this habit of making judgments is at the base of stereotypes. In fact as we judge facts and events we judge also other people trying to enclose them in a mental scheme that is not always the right scheme. With regard to the effects produced by stereotypes these effects are usually negative. As it is defined in the dictionary a stereotype is an idea of what a particular type of person is like especially one which is wrong and unfair . In most situations a stereotype is not a fair description of what a person of a group of person is because the description that we make is not logical. The idea that we use to describe a group is not based on scientific evidence that support our point of view. A stereotype is only a personal concept a personal idea that could be harmful. Usually the human mind produces a concept of other people just picking some aspects or some features that seem to be descriptive of the group. However these characteristics are generally negative and tend to enhance the conflicts among ethnic or national group. A good example of this kind of problem is the one that involves Americans and Mexicans as explained in the article Stereotype of Stereotypes on our reading book. As it is explained in the book there is no reason for make a generalization of all the Americans or of all the Mexicans. Obviously stereotypes can only enhance a conflict between two ethnic or national groups. In conclusion the main cause of the origin of stereotypes is the innate human instinct of making judgments and creating personal opinions on facts and people that are around us. The effects of the stereotypes are usually negative because they are only a way to judge and discriminate other people without any scientific or logic explanation.
