In world war I most countries have to participate in the war weather they wanted to do that or not in the middle of those countries there was a country called Switzerland they did not participate and no other country were able to attack them why Simply because they were called it is the country were all citizens are armed. Military draft in many countries is a big debate! And always people give and take about this topic. Do all the young men have to go to serve in military or some of them or they don't have to do that at all It depends on the situation of each country. Some parts of the world the situation tends to be unstable or boil more than other parts this is where some countries suffer invasion or parts of the country call for independence. In those parts where the war expected to happen one day most likely it is a crucial thing to have a well prepared army that can protect the country in case of an attack and it is the case where we see some small countries have ready army for emergencies. In the case where there is no enough people to serve in the military and the country is threatened by another country those small country tend to have an allay with other strong country. Some countries are found in a pace place where there is a stability in all prospective such countries do not have to have a military draft they rather should focus on developing the country by making the young men focus on studying and useful things instead of serving in the military although they have to have the minimum amount of protection so it avoid any blackmailing might happen by others. Anyway in this recent world the most important thing is the power weather it is in economy military or knowledge. No one will respect you or afraid of you if you are not able to protect yourself. In Saudi Arabia the case tend to be a very complicated to a certain degree where it is located in the middle east and surrounded by problems from every where at the same time country like Saudi Arabia is target for some enemies because the natural wealth its land dose have such as oil. This thing makes us no exception and we really need to develop our military to protect us from whoever wants to harm us.
