ZHong Last Name April 3 2008 Writing 5t Is military draft necessary for every young man In today's world war is no longer the main issue instead almost every country is focusing on their economic development. However some countries are still making military draft compulsory which means you have to spend a period of you life in troop when you are young. Of course this policy has positive effects on the country and its people. But in my opinion I don't think its positive effects are more than its negative ones. In the country where I come from China military draft is not compulsory. Admittedly military power is necessary for every country to defend themselves. Based on this truth someone may argue that compulsory military draft is for defending their territory. Yet not everyone is suitable for military also not everyone wants to be a solider. So if they are not suitable or willing to be in military do they have the ability to become a qualified solider or can they really defends their motherland I take expectation on it. For example some people are anti war advocators. If these people attend military by force what would they do if a real war comes They may probably not devote their lives into a war or follow the command absolutely. In my opinion military draft should be based on personal willingness. The ones who want to devote into military can become a more qualified soldier than the ones who do not want to. What's more someone else hold another assertion that military draft will improve the body condition of young people also they claims that young people can exercise their courage or some other good characters. However they may need further research about this. According to scientific research highly intensive body exercise such as long term running running with heavy articles long term swimming or climbing rocks can do damage to people's body more than exercise them and a soldier will receive all kinds of exercises I mentioned in their military lives. Now how about the good qualities Will they really develop their courage I think it is negative. Because most of people who receive military draft will not confront a real war most of time they spent in troop will be repeating drilling. However only real war can develop soldier's courage rather than repeating drilling. Therefore in my point of view I advocate that certain intensity military training instead of military draft does help young people to develop their body condition. But it should not be a military draft. It can be a 10 day military drill or sometimes longer. Actually in China every new university student have to attend a 15 day military drill. I think this is necessary. In sum war is like a killer of human civilization. Of course military is the implementer of war. I believe that their will be one day that there is no longer any soldiers in the world. Although in today's world we need military power it is not necessary for every young man to serve in troop because it is not good for either the military or themselves.
