Some people think good men should be enlisted for military service some people think it depending on personal opinions. In Taiwan according to the constitution of the Republic of China Taiwan and the rules of the military administration of Department of Interior male whose ages between 18 and 40 have to enlist for military service. However in my opinion I think the Taiwanese government should adopt voluntary military service because of improving military human quality and interrupting men's career. First many high school students have to study hard to pass the College Entrance Examination to attend good universities. They have to enlist for military service if they cannot attend universities. Therefore the military soldiers always receive not outstanding people because outstanding people want to go to a university to pursue a higher education. On the other hand although excellent students who graduate from their universities have to participate in military service it is not helpful for military quality because these people don't consider military service as their career. They just want to quickly complete their obligation and then continue their career plane in society. So they will not work hard in military units. Under this situation the Taiwanese government should adopt voluntary military service instead of compulsory military service. Many young men in Taiwan like popular singers athletes and students want to develop their professional skills or knowledge in other country. They are confined by the obligation. They have to complete their military service and then they are allowed to go to other country to pursue their dreams. For example Chieng Ming Wang a baseball player in the New York Yankee team faced the same situation in Taiwan before he didn't complete his obligation. He has to finish military service and then permitted to join other country's baseball league. As a result he missed participating in Japanese baseball league at that time but he luckily was accepted by the New York Yankee. How many people are luckily like him Military service can interrupt a male's career and his dream. It is not helpful for Taiwan. Although many people doubt the threats from the People's Republic of China Taiwan have to keep a lot of soldiers to keep powerful performance. But it is a information world today it depends on how much information you can get and then make a good decision rather than how many soldiers we have. So voluntary military service is a suitable system in Taiwan. In sum according to above reasons improving military human quality and interrupting men's dreams. I strongly believe that the Taiwanese government should adopt voluntary military service to attract excellent young men to join military group. They can plan good salaries and good wealthy measures to hook young men and let young men consider military service as their life career.
