Military drafts As people have known military drafts have been performed in some countries such as Korea China Taiwan and so on. It is compulsory that all healthy men in these countries must serve in army navy or air force. In my opinion the military draft should not be performed compulsorily. Forcing every healthy man to serve in the army has exerted on negative influences on these countries and young men its drawbacks overweigh its advantages. Firstly compulsory military drafts have increase economic burden of these countries. Protecting safety of the country and citizen are the most primary goal of the army. However nowadays we live in the peaceful era. After suffered two world wars more and more people have realized that development of economy is essential for one nation rather than military. Compulsory military drafts have enabled these countries to spend a great deal of time and resource on military. They need to provide these fresh soldiers with food house and others ordinary requirement which will be huge expenditure. Secondly compulsory military drafts have been harmful to education of young men. In these countries young men usually serve in the army at the 19 years old or just graduate from Universities. They have to give up opportunities to absorb knowledge and have been forced to study something unnecessary nowadays. Perhaps they just need to spend one or two years on the army. However we live the era of information explosion which enable knowledge change so quickly. It is common that these young men feel confused after they retire from the army. I don't defy compulsory military drafts do something good. It can not only enhance the nation's military power but also can contribute to culture the responsibility of young men. However under current situations all over the world it is not necessary to carry out the compulsory military draft. We should choose other ways to enhance the military for example it is optional to serve the army instead of compulsory policy.
