Topic Taiwan government should change military service from compulsory military service to voluntary military service The reasons why a government adopts compulsory military service or voluntary military service are not just black or white. It depends on what circumstances the country faces. In ancient period conscription was an indicator whether a country was strong or not. But through improving military technology and population acceleration it is out of date in today's world. In Taiwan according to the constitution of the Republic of China Taiwan R. O. C and the Military service guide of Ministry of National Defense R. O. C men between the ages of 18 and 40 who were born in Taiwan have to enlist for military service. The enlistment is one and a half year. There are five primary military categories in military service including Army Navy Marine Air Force and Military Police. Each man is assigned to one military category by drawing lots. At the beginning of military life new recruits have to participate in basic training at boot camp for one month and then they are assigned to new military units by lottery to service until they are demobilized. In my opinion I think Taiwanese government should change military service from conscription to voluntary military service because of improving military quality saving the cost of social human keeping military performance and the era of information war. Human resource is a very important factor for military quality. Under conscription many high school students in Taiwan who cannot attend universities have to enlist military service within one month after they graduate schools. According to the conscription regulations of the Conscription Agency of Ministry of Interior students can postpone enlistment if they want to attend higher education schools. Therefore many high school students study hard to pass the College Entrance Examination in order to attend a good university. Students who cannot pass the examination are enlisted for military service. On the other hand the military quality may not be improved even though excellent students who graduate from universities are enlisted for military service because they don't consider military service as their career. They just want to quickly complete this obligation and leave military bases and then continue their life plan. They don't work hard and devote themselves into military service. In order to avoid this phenomenon the government has to adopt many benefit proposals such as good salaries and perfect wealthy measures to attract excellent men to enlist for the defense of Taiwan. In society many young men have professional knowledge or skills. Some students want to study abroad to pursue higher education some young singers want to develop their careers to be super starts and some young athletes want to participate in other country's sport league to earn much money. But they all are confined by a military service system before they complete their obligation. Taiwanese singers often seriously face this situation. For example Taiwanese pop singer Jay ANON_NAME_0 accused of evading military service. Taiwanese pop sensation Jay ANON_NAME_0 is being investigated on suspicion of faking a spinal ailment to avoid serving his obligatory two years of military service a prosecutor said on Friday. If convicted of faking a health report to avoid military service. ANON_NAME_0 could face a maximum five years in jail. Many Taiwanese singers and actors have complained that being forced to take two years out for military service can effectively ruin their careers in the fickle entertainment world ATEB Bookshop . It's just one of examples that many young men want to avoid their obligation to continue their career in Taiwan. It is directly limit the development of the competition of the Taiwanese human resource. If government could make these young people with professional skills develop their skills it must be very helpful for Taiwanese competition. After all young men will forget most of professional knowledge or skills through two year military service. The worst is the thing that they lose their aspirations. It causes great damages in Taiwanese human competition. Compulsory military service could lead to take extra training cost. In Taiwan new recruits have to participate in basic training at boot camp for one month. Military always trains new soldiers every month. After those soldiers complete basic training and assigned to other military units they have to learn new skills to operate weapon equipment. When they completely familiar with those operator skills they almost complete their obligation and prepare to back to society. Compare to compulsory system voluntary military service can decrease training cost and easily keep training performance. In national security the People's Republic of China often threats Taiwan as we know especially during Taiwanese presidential election. For example During March 7 25 1996 The People's Republic of China PRC fired missiles outside Kaohsiung and Keelung Taiwan's two major harbors and conducted a series of large and extensive live fire military exercises in the Taiwan Strait. These PRC military actions occurred as Taiwan was engaged in its first ever direct and popular presidential election PARRIS H. CHANG . So many people could double whether Taiwan should keep amounts of soldier resource to defense the threats from China. Besides compulsory military service can let a country keep amount of soldiers. Therefore Taiwan should adopt compulsory military service instead of voluntary military service. However the pattern of today's war is a speed war rather than a durable war. Information and technology are the key roles in today's world rather than the amounts of soldiers. For example The Iraq War invasion on 20 March 2003 9 34 PM 19 Mar 2003 EST began and ended on April 15 the coalition declared the invasion effectively over. In this invasion phase of the war the time is from March 20 to April 30. The multinational coalition composed of U. S and UK troops supported by smaller contingents from Australia Denmark Poland and other nations. The invasion numbers of the multinational coalition was about 300 000. But the Iraqi coalition under Saddam Hussein was about 375 000 as well as regular forces Wikipedia ANON_URLSPAGE_. It means that it could have an outcome within several weeks if the war happens. It also means that it doesn't depend on how many soldiers we have it depends on how much information and technology you get. We can use and analyze information to make useful decisions to avoid the occurrence of wars. In sum according to my reasons the great damages in Taiwanese human competition the extra training cost information and technology in today's wars. Taiwanese government has to adopt voluntary military service rather than compulsory military service. They should focus on how to improve military quality like how to attract excellent young men to join military groups rather than add the numbers of soldiers. They have to suit the measure to local conditions and avoid suffering a big loss for a little gain. Work Cited 1. ATEB Bookshop ANON_URLSPAGE_2. CHANG PARRIS H. Lessons from 1996 Taiwan Strait Crisis for the U. S. Japan and Taiwan. Harvard Studies on Taiwan Volume 3 2000 . The Taiwan Studies Workshop. ANON_URLSPAGE_3. From Wikipedia the free encyclopedia ANON URLPAGE
