ANON_NAME_0 Last Name April 3 2008 Writing 5 T Some countries have military drafts where young men must serve the army navy and air force. They have no choices if they are healthy they must spend some time in the military. In some countries military training is obligatory but it is not compulsory to spend time in the military. I think military training and serving in the army both choices are healthier activities. Serving in the military is a good opportunity and have many advantages like helping the country in war learn how to struggle in life and face the world and realizing the value of the country. The first good thing a person can learn in the military serving is the protection of his country. If the country faces the war during his serving or after his serving he can give support his country. He may give tough time to the enemies who attack on his country. In the military serving someone has the chance to learn many good things which will enhance the personality of that person. Secondly military serving make a person perfect and ideal for the society. A person can learn how to face the difficulties of daily life How to live in a low income How to behave in emergency situation How to handle a dramatic situation How be patient in a situation like if someone dear one leave you I means to say die. How be happy and enjoy the life. Finally in our language there is proverb which meaning is a person who is in army or spend time in the army actually realize and recognize the value of the country because has served in the army. This person never betrayed the country. He will always work in the favor of the country because he is real patriot. In my opinion the person who never fight for country or have military training can not be a good citizen It is concluded that serving in the army makes the person more prestigious and respectful. A person can learn how to live and struggle in the practical life and how to face the ups and downs of life. One can learn real qualities of life which will help the person in his whole life.
