ANON_NAME_0 Last Name April 3 2008 Writing Final 5T Nowadays stereotyping is very common in many societies and countries. People often judge other people based on their nationalities customs and religious which will lead several problems about communication and relationship with other people. First people's stereotypes will make them have some wrong ideas about other people. I think most of us read a joke about stereotype when we were young. That is said The most wonderful thing in the world is living in Swede eating Chinese food driving a Germany car and having a French lover. The worst thing in the world is living in China eating Germany food driving a French car and having a Swedish lover. When I was young I always think what the joke said was right. Therefore I got some stereotypes on those countries. For example from this joke I have a fixed impression about German that they are all very inflexible and don't know how to enjoy the life. However after I knew some Germany friends I just realized that the stereotype about Germany is wrong. They are very serious in their duty and job but they also can be romantic and have colorful life. From my experience we can see that stereotypes may make you have some wrong insights in other people. Second because of your stereotypes to other people you may not only have wrong insights in them but also may treat them unfairly in some ways. For example my friend is a very beautiful Chinese girl. A good American boy loved her very much and did a lot of things to make her happy. However she is from a traditional Chinese family and her parents thought American people were all very open and were not serious in marriage so they just prohibited her to have relationship with that boy. My friend and that boy were very sad but they had to break up. My friend is single now and she said she would never fall in love with other people. Her parents' stereotype about the American people destroyed her happiness. In conclusion we should not judge people based on stereotypes. We must understand that the people in the world are diverse. We cannot say this person is bad because he is from that country or that person is good because she is from that group. If you do this you will have a lot of wrong ideas on your life and other people.
