First of all I would like to thank you to all girls for coming to my free independent discussion today. It is an important moment for me because I would like to share information experience and dark times with you all. Some of you know that the goal of this meeting today here is trying to come closer to our killer friend and to look on a root of this serious disease. We are not here because we are prepared to lose weight and became eating disordered but we are here to find out solutions and understanding of Anorexia nervosa. The term anorexia is from greek origin a prefix of negation n v link between two vowels and orexis apetite thus meaning of a lack of desire to eat. 1 Many people are thinking that it is a new disease of today's society but the history of this disease began with the first recognition and description as a disease in the late 19th century. It is interesting that the first country where it was found is The United States 2 . In this time many doctors used to try different treatments. I have read a lot about the history of this serious issue about treatments and now I reminded the story that I have read maybe one year ago. The name of the novel is a Second Star to the right where one small teenage girl Leslie is suffering because of anorexia. She was taken to the hospital and she was forced to eat liquid food through nose. It describes one of the first treatments against anorexia in the hospital which was Force feeding. There is a description of emotions how she is crying every day suffering and how much she wants to die. I just wanted to illustrate that the doctors weren't so familiar with this disorder in the past like nowadays. In many areas of human illness the patient is in the middle claimed by both the psychiatrist and the medical doctor a rope in a tug of war. Not so in anorexia nervosa. Anorexia as a chronic disease is controlling our life very well. It is sounds familiar to many of us but some of you don't know exactly what does it actually mean what are the causes signs and symptoms of this eating disorder. Are you telling now it is your friend well know good friend Let me figure out if this statement is true and right lifestyle choice for us. Generally anorexia nervosa is a chronic disease often followed by death. It is caused by eating psychiatric disorder which begins in young age of puberty. Simply it is self starvation. We know that someone with anorexia thinks about the food a lot and limits the food he or she eats even though he or she is too thin. There is much debate as to the causes of anorexia nervosa. Many anorectics seem to be part of very close families having a special relationship with one of the parents. Other cause might be that the teenage girls want to keep their childhood shapes. It was suggested that anorexia is a true phobia about putting on weight which leads to a special fear of eating foods containing fats. What about changes in fashion Yes this is most common reason why girls are starting to lose weight. It is a factor with slim body has become closely identified with beauty. In my opinion there is no single reason what brings anorexia but I would like to mention what may play a role. Culture family stressful events and personally traits are some examples of beginning of all this circle. People with anorexia develop strange eating habits such as cutting foods into smaller pieces refusing to eat in front of the others and cooking or fixing food for the others that they themselves don't eat. The other common sign of anorexia is that people continue to think they look fat even when they are bone thin. They are exercising much running and standing in front of the mirror all the time. It brings that their hairs become brittle and their skin is starting to be yellow and very dry. Depression feeling cold and crying for many unimportant things often without reason are also common signs of this disease. Have you found yourself yet I did. I would like to share my experience with you my friends. I wasn't the one who suffered and occurred by anorexia but my sister best friend and the closest part of my family was one of the victims. My sister was 18 years old when I realized that something wrong is with her. I found every of these signs of anorexia mentioned above on her. She started to lose weight rapidly. She was exercising every day drinking only fresh water eating small amount of food and she didn't want to eat in the school cafeteria with her schoolmates. She moved food around her plate. Every day was more and more interesting for me because I was looking at her even she didn't realize. One evening when she told me that she is feeling bad and having cold hands I noticed that something is going on with her. She hugged me with crying and she told me that she needs my help. It took several months I started to believe that she is really ill after finding diet pills under her bed. The more I thought about it the more I agreed. I didn't guess I told my prediction to my parents that she must have developed anorexia. It wasn't my exaggeration. You can't imagine my dear how it was difficult for her me and my parents to deal with it even though it hasn't finished yet for her at all. We took her to the doctor against her will. She didn't want she was angry and sad with all people and friends but it was because something was happening with her psychological side of her body. The doctor asked us to keep her in the special hospital for these anorexic girls but my mother didn't want to leave her there alone. She started to look for help in many places and in many hospitals. Finally we kept her at home with our family. We were and still are fighting with that. I told her that I don't want to push her. Instead of that I told her that I am always with her there for listening and talking with her anytime. It's been a tough road for us. Now she is still seeing the doctor and may need for some time but she is doing much better. She is again that girl like she was before anorexia. Are you asking what or who helped her It is hard to say but in my opinion family and her own decision were the only things that helped her. Of course it has some effects that kept on her but her body has to change slowly again. Body of anorexic people is behaving and affecting differently. With anorexia your body doesn't get the energy from foods that it needs so it slows down. All body system is affected with anorexia like gastrointestinal glandural or kidney system. Starvation and overuse of laxatives can seriously disrupt the body's normal functions involved in the elimination process. Later it caused a big problem with liver as well as with other important organs in the body. 3 Anemia high risk for an infection is another serious problem caused by anorexia. It has been said that one third of these victims die from starvation or suicide. Anorectics are now classified as psychotics not neurotics. 4 Popularly known as the sliming disease it is difficult to treat and sometimes fatal. Best treatment is in the hospital by a team experienced in managing the disorder. It is usually combined with psychotherapy and family therapy. One of the myths is that it is other people who have these disorders . Bunnell 5 People with these disorders are living or being among us here. If we know our sister daughter friend is developing anorexia it is important to notice them and talk with them nicely from the beginning because just you can be the only person who might save other life. I am always saying that the only thing I can do is make the thing I was pretty excited to share these information with you all and I hope if there is somebody now who found himself or herself in be strong and try to find a help from beginning. Only with your willigness you can remake your soul body. Bibliography 1 Costin Carolyn Anorexia nervosa The eating disorder Sourcebook 1999 Wikipedia 2 Brumberg Fasting girls 1999 Wikipedia the free encyclopedia 3 ANON_URLSPAGE_4 F. Sheer James. Foods that heal. Canada Menlo Park 1989. 5 Bunnell Douglas. CQ researcher February 10 2006. Volume 16 Issue 6 ANON_URLSPAGE_6 personal interview ANON_NAME_0 Barbora 2008 Name ANON_NAME_1 Last Name English Language Institute 04 03 2008 Anorexia nervosa Starvation For Thinness
