Fragmentation of land describes breaking up of the land into small parts available for farming. On the other hand collective farming has different meanings in different prospects one of the definitions is a system of agricultural organization in which farm laborers are not compensated via wages. Rather the workers receive a share of the farm's net productivity ANON_URLSPAGE_. And the other one Collective farming is when a group of farmers pool their land retaining as private property enough only for the members' own requirements. The profits of the farm are divided among its members. In cooperative farming farmers retain private ownership of the land . There are two types of collectivization which are forced and voluntary collectivization. I am with voluntary collectivization in which a farmer who has most of the land in a particular area either buys the land from the other farmers or they unite for collective farming to get better production. For instance Pakistan an agro based country got independence in August 1947 and Pakistan's total land area is about 7 96 096 square kilometers and about 60 percent of the total land is used for cultivation. Though after the independence the area and production has increased but it is not as increased as it should be. For many years under Pakistani law man's land is divided according to shares between all his inheritors after his death. This means that a fair sized land is divided up and this process will continue in the next generation ultimately there would be large number of independent owners trying to make a living out of very small land. In my opinion we can get better cultivation enormous production increase availability of land and reduce transportation expenses with collective farming. Collective farming can play a key role to get better cultivation and agriculture not only matters in feeding 140 million people but also has importance in industrial network from where raw material is obtained. It is termed as the engine of national economy and also provides as an index to measure development and progress. The scientists can play an important role in socio economic uplift of the country by utilizing their capabilities particularly in agriculture sector. It is manageable for the agricultural experts or scientists to jointly overcome the problem method of farming and inefficient farming operations. It is easy for the experts to handle the problem in time before it's too late. This will help in their research as they are able to research more accurately. Collective farming also facilitates growers in the perfect and better use of fertilizers. Improper use of fertilizers is a common problem in Pakistan. Farmers want to ensure good yield and apply unsuitable and so much fertilizer that much of which goes wasted. Fertilizers have played a key role in helping farmers to achieve their high level of production. Fertilizers provide essential plant nutrients which are vital for producing enough and healthy food for the world's expending population. What type of fertilizer should be bought and applied The answer to that question is not an easy one. For example with the use of inorganic fertilizers we can not only considerably increased cultivation but also save our environment with the harmful effect of fertilizers. The use of modern technology is another source to increase the production. Without the use of modern technology the declining land productivity with reduced crop yields has been also a major problem facing our farmers. It is difficult for every farmer to utilize the modern technology in the developing country like Pakistan. For example Hi tack systems offer tractors that operate without drivers no one is rejecting that technology is changing the face of the world. Tomorrow's technology will bring wide changes to every industry including agriculture and may one day make it possible to do business and control production without a great deal of human labor. In my opinion it is the obvious effect of collective farming that we can easily get more land for farming. One can have the experience that the collective farming causes dramatic changes in the physical appearance of the agricultural land and its availability. When an agricultural land is divided continuously generation after generation every family has built a separate house for itself and for the cultivation of land different means of irrigation are established for every separate piece of land. Irrigation means the accessibility of water for farming. New canal passage and channel for the supply of water occupy the land and trim down or decrease farming resources. Being an agro based country better production of crops is always the question mark on us. We can solve this problem with collective farming in the following ways. Due to the illiteracy about the farming and deficiency of funds available for farming our farmers are not able to choose the good quality seed. Lack of research in the field of agriculture and fragmentation of land are the causes of low production. According to the Model Farming by Nasar ANON_NAME_0 shah and Dr ANON_NAME_1 Frooq in Pakistan generally big farmers are the first beneficiaries to new technology whereas medium and small farm households are usually unable to benefit from the new technology. A majority of poor farmers avoid taking risks in adopting new technology until and unless they are sure about its benefits . Sometimes farmers rely on their own seed that they save from the previous crops but they do not pay attention for the preservation of the seed and this will become another reason of low production after the plantation. I think that the corporate farming is a similar way of collective farming which is widely utilized by the developed countries and are getting enormous amount of food and agricultural production. Corporate farming not only provide a desired amount of agricultural products but also the entire chain of agriculture related business including seed supply fertilizers food processing machinery storage research transport distribution marketing advertising and retail sales. The main advantage of corporate farming is to get the food with increasing population. We can produce crops at low cost and we can make it possible the accessibility of the food to all people. In the developing country like Pakistan the transportation of agricultural products is a big problem because the increasing rates of petrol and diesel are made it difficult and increased the cost. Collective farming helps the buyers to get a large quantity of crops on a one spot instead of collecting different places. It makes the easy approachable for the buyers and lower the cost by saving the natural resources. The farmers may also get benefits because it lessens the role of the middle man. Middle man means the person who buys the crop from farmers and after that sell crop to some mills or factories. When a large quantity of crop is available on one spot than it is convenient for both parties like mill owner and farmer to contact each other. Sometimes it is also possible for the farmers to export their product internationally. The government can provide transportation facilities to these collecting farming areas for the proper and timely transportation of goods. In this way the farmers may get more reward of their hardworking. It is concluded that collective farming is a good idea in a country like Pakistan. It is manageable for the experts and scientists to watch and to research. This research may lead to produce new varieties of crops that are resistant to diseases. Farmers can save the money utilized on pesticides. We can increase our production with the ease of increasing population by the use of fertilizers and modern technology appropriately. As the population of the world is increasing rapidly so it is pertinent to increase the production of food materials for eradication of hunger explosion. More land is available for farming and it is easy to transport. Agricultural land should be used only for cultivation not for housing projects. The more collecting faming is the more food production will be. I think collective farming would be first choice of every country because of its importance. References ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON URLSITE ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON URLPAGE
