Return of Chinese relic Worthwhile or not Is it worthwhile for Chinese government to buy them back China one of the four Great Ancient Civilizations has a brilliant history. Many great works from ancient Chinese artists including calligraphy and painting works ancient bronze ware pottery and porcelain sculptures oracle bone inscriptions and classical works are well preserved till morden time. These works are known as Chinese cultural and historical relics. However during the period from 1840 the Opium War which serves as the beginning of Chinse colonial history to 1949 the estabilshment of People's Republic of China chinese relics were leaving China rapidly. According to relevant statistics from the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization UNESCO more than 200 museums in 47 countries boast a total of 1. 64 Million Chinese relics and over 10 times more Chinese antiques are being stored by ordinary people worldwide today. How many Chinese cultural treasures lost overseas In recent years Chinese government are applying a lot of effort on having these relics returned by paying millions of money to buy them from foreign collectors. At the forefront of this effort have been organizations like the China Poly Group an government controled company which in 2000 famously brought back three 18th century bronze Zodiac statues at auctions. The statues a Boar's head brought at the Sotheby's auction house and an Ox and a Monkey's head brought at the ANON_NAME_0's auction house were originally part of a water feature at the the Old Summer Palace in Beijing. But not every Chinese citizan advocates this activity. Actually mass of people are now against by considering it a waste of money. In my opinion it is not only nessesary but desirable for Chinese government to buy them back. First of all let's figure out how important these relics are. These cultural relics are the witnesses of history and precious cultural treasures. Their loss causes a gap in the study of history. Moreover for Chinese people the loss of cultural relics represents a history of being invaded so rescuing them can give Chinese people a feeling of patriotism. Said ANON_NAME_1 Yongnian the diretor of The Special Fund for Rescuing Lost Cultural Relics from Overseas under the China Social Cultural Development Foundation. The return home of Chinese cultural relics Many Chinese historians don't have the chance to study these relics and this makes a missing of certain period of Chinese history. For example Summer Palace the most splandid and spectaculor roral garden in Chinses history was totally destoryed by foreign troops during the war between 1890 1900. Therefore Chinese historians are only able to research it by using 3D simulation technology. However there are still some relics of Summer Palace stored overseas. If historian have the chance to study these relics we may know more about Summer Palace. So only by getting them back can settle this problem. What's more Indeed many of today's Chinese people don't have much sense of patriotism especially the young generation. They may not want to sacrifice their own profit for the country. It is woeful even dangrous for China. So it is enssencial for the return of these relics in order to arouse their patriotism. Someone may argued that it is not the appropriate time to get them back because China now is not so much developed. We need to focus on economic development instead of wasting money on history. Their attitude are positive but I think they may need a further research. Now Chinese government allocates 10 million RMB 1. 4 Million dollars annually to the special fund which represents 1 of 400 billion of tatal government income. ANON_NAME_2 Lan 1 but the cost due to corruption is 100 billion RMB 14 billion dollars which represents 3. 6 Of annuall government income. Now do you think this is a large portion In recent 30 years Chinese standard of living have been improved a lot. The saying that it is not the right time to buy relics is not convining. Someone else claims that these relics belonged to China originally so Chinese government should negociate with other countries which prossess them now for returning them back for free. In fact they may neglect an important truth most of these relics have been kept in other countires for over 100 years it is hard to indentify how they came overseas in other words it is hard to say whether they were stolen by invaded soldiers or given as a cultrual exchange which have been popular in Chinses history since Tang Dynasty. Even some of them are proved to be stolen during the war time they have already became the 'soul of museum' which means the most valueable treature. It leads to an obstacle through negotiation. For example according to unkown saying I really read this in an articla before but I can not find it. In the British Museum if it returns of the Chinese relics its department of Asia may no longer be existed. What's more important the provisions in international law which regular the stolen relics are ambiguous this may also result in a lack of legal gound when Chinese government conducts the negotiation. In addition given that Chinese government had already asked all the relics which were in overseas museams back as the statistics of lost relics I mentioned above only 1 10 of the overseas chinese relics are now owned by foreign government or national museums. The other 9 10 are in the private collectors' hand. Over 100 years past through tens of changing hands. These relics are possessive legally by the collectors. How can Chinese government negociate with these collectors It is also against the international law. There is another voice says that based on their research the exhibition and preservation condition of today's Chinese museum needs improvment. Some of their collections have to be piled in stroeroom of the museums due to the shortage of exhibition room. What's more some of the Chinese museums do not equip air condition system which lead to a damage of relics because of the variation of tempreture and humidity. So they claim that Chinses government should use these money to improve their museums instead of buying new objects. They even claim these relics should be kept by foreign countries in that they can be better preserved as well as exhibited. An simple metaphor can aptly refute this argument. Historical relics are always considered treasure of a culture So imagine that you have a pratrimony kept in your house originally but because your house is getting older and its condition may worth than another person's house. So will you give your patrimony to this person in order to protect them I think most of people will say no. It is the same situation in today's China. Admittedly some Chinese museums are not well equipted. Even in the most famous museum of China the fobidden city only 50 of its collections can be exhibited and the other 50 have to be stored in store rooms because there is not enough room for exhibit all of them at the same time. However is it definitly contradictory between baying back lost relics and improving the Chinese museums Can Chinese government does these two things at exactly the same time In my opinion the answer is 'yes'. The biggist problem in China may be the corruption of government officers. According the thes statistic I cited above The money wasted by corruption are hundreds times than used to either improve the museums or buy the lost relics. So lack of money is just a pretext. It is better to save money to improve the museums through inhibiting corruption than stoping baying relics. In sum a real civilized country should respect his history but history needs witness and it is only the historical relics can be the witness of history. In today's China people focus too much on economic development and neglect the value of history. I am glad to see that Chinese government are making a concerted effort to recover Chinese history. Although it does cost relatively a lot of money in some people's mind but compared to the lost relics and the whole proportion it takes in tatal government income it is worthwhile for Chinese government to buy our lost historical and cultural relics back. Work cited The return home of Chinese cultural relics People's Daily Online. 4 April 2008 Pittsburgh PA. ANON URLPAGE How many Chinese cultural treasures lost overseas People's Daily Online. 4 April 2008 Pittsburgh PA. ANON URLPAGE ANON_NAME_2. Lan Chinese fiscal revenue in 2007 China Stock Online 4 April 2008 Pittsburgh PA. ANON URLPAGE
