What do Teenagers Learn from Violence in TV Dramas and Movies Since 19th century when the film was invented there have been a lot of TV dramas and Movies. One of the greatest changes which has influenced on film industries today is the average age of audience. As time goes youth who include teenagers and children have become main audiences. Hence TV dramas and films couldn't help being focused on trying to attract teenagers' attention. Because they enjoy something active and always look for something exciting and dynamic TV dramas and movies have started to use violence as their contents. Violence is so stimulative that TV dramas and movies that contain violence can get teenagers' attention very easily. That is why most of the teenagers are excited by action movies or some kinds of movies that have lots of violent scenes in them. As a matter of fact then does violence in TV dramas and movies affect teenagers The answer is Yes. Steven J. Kirsh once has pointed out the harm of violence in TV dramas and movies to teenagers in his book Children Adolescents and Media Violence A Critical Look at the Research. 2006 He argues that not only the violence in TV dramas and movies affect teenagers but also the violence in cartoons or sports all kinds of violence in medias do. Violence in the media gives teenagers a lot of harmful effects and interrupts their normal growth. The main effects of the violence upon teenagers are three helping teenagers make wrong their values making them get real world mixed up with imagination giving bad influence to their mental health. First violence in TV dramas and movies helps teenagers make wrong their sense of value. Teenagers have an immature thinking faculty and incomplete sense of value. That means that they can be affected by any kind of paradigm or ideology easily. They accept every thoughts and ideas whether it is correct even ethic or not. For that reason it is possible enough for teenagers to violate laws or rules of the society that they are in because TV dramas and movies justify all the violence in them. In other words they make teenagers who watch them believe that using violence for a specific reason that they believe it is reasonable enough but actually not could be justice. For example imagine some well known movies that describe confrontation between a hero and a villain such as Spiderman or Batman. In those kinds of movies a hero always beat his enemies up. He even uses weapons like knives or guns. The teenagers who watch the movie however are not scared or surprised at all. On the contrary they cheer to the hero with clapping their hands. What the hero uses is certainly a cruel violence but they don't feel even a piece of pity to the opponents. They might have learned that violence is not a good thing and if someone uses it they must be punished. Therefore they should blame the hero who uses violence. Instead however they feel happy and exciting. What makes them behave like that That's because the thoughts or the idea in TV dramas and movies is that villains are bad people so that they should be punished in any ways and a hero is a good person so that he can judge villains. As watching the movies teenagers feel like they become the hero and beat the opponents. In the real world sure they cannot do the behavior but again their thoughts and sense of value are immature. It means Steven J. Kirsh says that they have potential that they can possibly use violence even in the real world whenever they feel uncomfortable. Since usually teenagers think that they are always right and opponents are always wrong they could feel like they are a hero and their opponents are villains like in a movie and in lots of cases they must use violence to beat the villains up. Second violence in the media make teenagers get actuality mixed up with the world of fantasy. In most of the TV dramas and movies violence is described as a slight thing. In other words violence in the media is underestimated. For instance if a hero in a movie stabs his enemies with a knife or he is stabbed the teenagers sure get happy or anger and feel strong emotions and feelings like they are stabbed. However they don't feel any pain at all actually. They just experience the emotions and feelings indirectly. They just vaguely imagine that it might be painful but they don't know how much it hurts and they cannot understand how serious situation it is. In addition through the process that they are exposed to the violence in TV dramas and movies continuously they become insensibility. They believe if they strike someone the person who is struck might bleed but not hurt and even if they use dangerous arms the person who is attacked must not be killed. This thought is unreasonable and very dangerous but a clear fact is that most of the teenagers believe in this way. However since the characters in the movie that includes fights of war don't die or even don't hurt easily or at all teenagers are likely to accept wrong knowledge which is that arms and using violence are not serious problems and they can use them depending on the situations. The third effect that violence in TV dramas and movies affects upon teenagers is that giving bad influence to their mental health. According to Steven J. Kirsh teenagers and adolescents are influenced a lot by mass media especially TV shows films and cartoons. He insists if somebody not only accepts a wrong knowledge or information but also is just exposed to violent environment a lot in their adolescence it can cause several serious mental problems or diseases all throughout their life. For example according ANON_NAME_0 You a person who is exposed to violence in TV dramas movies computer games and comic books tends to behave much more aggressively than the person who isn't. He also persists that how many times a person is exposed to a violent situation contributes the levels of people's aggressive degree. The teenagers namely who enjoy watching the TV dramas and movies that have many violent factors become more and more aggressive and outrageous. Another problem that can be caused by violence in the media and is related with mental health is that the people especially adolescents who are exposed to violence a lot can get serious mental diseases. In general every color has their own traits and characteristic that people feel with. For example when someone sees a river or sea they usually feel cool and refreshing because of the blue color. In winter many people prefer wearing yellow or brown clothes because those kinds of colors make people feel warm and comfortable. Like these red has the traits that make people feel uncomfortable anxious and fearful. In the media that includes violence generally has lots of blood scenes and there are too much cruelties. They influences upon people's thoughts especially teenagers who don't have enough thoughts and considerations stress them and make them too nervous to maintain and manage their life. Opponents say the violence in TV dramas and movies might not influence upon people or the influence may be very light. They also say that children and teenagers could learn some things from the violence. That means that children and teenagers sometimes can feel confident and get braveness while they are watching violent scenes in TV dramas and movies. Unfortunately however it sounds unreasonable. First of all if children and teenagers are really able to get confident and brave what makes them be like that It might be that children and teenagers equate a hero a winner with themselves. What about the other way around What if they equate themselves with a villain a loser Could they get confident or brave even in such case Here is another reason that opponents' persistence does not make sense. Let's suppose their insistence is proven. It might be true. However even if it is true what are the confidence and braveness for if children and teenagers get them from violent experiences and if they behave roughly because of the experiences Also do they really need to get confident and brave through that way Aren't there other good or moral ways in order to improve children and teenagers' confidence and braveness In short experiencing violence in a TV dramas and movies has harms much more than benefits from it. In conclusion violence in TV dramas and movies influences children and teenagers a lot and the effects are very serious. Violence in the media can facilitate teenagers make wrong their values make them get real world mixed up with imagination weaken their mental health. It is so strong and powerful that teenagers could be often controlled by the experiences. To avoid experiencing the violence not only children and teenagers but everyone should try not to watch TV dramas and movies play computer games and enjoy cartoons all of which include violent scenes. Also parents have to be able to feel responsible for what their children are watching. Since it is almost impossible to eliminate or limit the dramas and movies that contain violent elements in them it must be important for every people to keep dealing with that kind of media carefully and protect themselves from the violence.
