The Next Generation of Museum Eco Museum After the emergence of the first museum the Great Library of Alexandria the first public museums opened during the 18th century the Age of Enlightenment. As if the name of the Great Library of Alexandria represents the museum's purpose began from providing places for philosophy and research and moved to collecting reserving and displaying heritages. As a public place the museum is subject to the public and hence its purpose also connects to movements of a society. Accordingly definition of the museum has been changed. Then what should the next generation museum pursuit An answer to the question will be sought in a relationship between movement of society and purpose of a museum. While the speed of globalization accelerates relatively regionalism becomes more conspicuous. In 2001 UNESCO announced 'Universal Declaration on Cultural Diversity' and this declaration illustrated the first international standard setting instrument aimed at preserving and promoted cultural diversity and intercultural dialogue . Additionally as essence of the post modern society most sociologists point out cultural pluralism multiculturalism and cultural identity . Large societies are comprised of subcultures having distinct sets of behavior and beliefs that differentiate them from a larger culture of which they are a part. That is to say the uniqueness of subculture results from its territory its members or by their age race ethnicity class or gender. Therefore as the fundamental characteristics of the post modern society this cultural uniqueness must be projected and reflected on the next generation museum. Hence if we regard the aspects of economy society and culture the comprehensive eco museum will be a proper solution. First the comprehensive eco museum enables to strengthen cultural differences by creating financial profits. While so far most museums have provided visitors limited activities at some designated places in buildings an eco museum usually assigns the whole local districts concerned over buildings. Most existing museums have partially contributed to community development by employing some local people and returning a part of interest but comprehensive eco museums relate to such most factors in a cultural area as artifacts natural environment and local population. By conserving uniqueness of local culture or subculture facing against globalization and standardization the comprehensive eco museums is considered as a competitive power to keep cultural identity. Thus by commercializing these cultural resources entire local communities directly connect to the development profits and these returned profits are re input to reinforce cultural assets as a way of community development. For example when construction of Guizhou Eco Museum began in 1995 the Chinese government elucidated a financial ground as promoting economy of Guizhou local community. Consequently by underpinning the revenue of local communities the comprehensive eco museum can support conservation of traditional local culture. Second when it comes to social aspects of a comprehensive eco museum it means consolidation of social solidarity. The tradition and heritage of a local community are dissolved in the community members' lives. Thus since the comprehensive eco museum is subject to the local community its members are direct owners of its cultural capital and at the same time they have responsibilities for preserving their tradition and heritage. Therefore the comprehensive eco museum requests local population's participation and its co operation with the local government. This cooperative system can not only increase the quality of museum but also raise the community members' cultural pride and confirm member's solidarity. The Skansen museum in Sweden demonstrated the successful solidarity. In fact the development of this museum was initiated by local population's involvement. The local community members asserted conservation of their natural environment as heritage and later they obtained the support of the Swedish government and specialists. Located on the island Djurg open air museum and zoo in Sweden. It was founded in 1891 by Artur Hazelius to show the way of life in the different parts of Sweden before the industrial era. In this case the cultural pride of the local population led to constructing the museum and then it implies that the comprehensive eco museum needing cooperation of community boosts communication between the local community members and finally confirms solidarity of community. Accordingly by drawing attention and co operation of a local community the comprehensive eco museum contributes to raising the community's pride toward regional culture. Last in terms of cultural aspects the comprehensive eco museum enlarges the conservation range of a local community's hear we have neglected an intangible cultural treasure. Although the traditional museums have attempted to represent and show the intangible treasures by multimedia performance or Walk Through Diorama their efforts have faced the matter of the limited realty. In this respect a comprehensive eco museum is suggested as a solution. The comprehensive eco museum's open places without fabrication offer visitors intangible cultural assets in real lives and furthermore it results in conservation and succession of these cultural assets. Ungersheim Alsace Open Air Museum gives a concrete example. Located in France this museum's themes are working lives in a village of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Visitors can discover the traditional know how of these far off days and taste some delicious local products in lively direct way. Opponents to the comprehensive eco museum might be pessimistic about wide ranging development in that development only means development not conservation. Thoughtless and excessive development would cause disadvantages. However this problem can be obviated by a well organized plan and sustainable development and blind conservation cannot guarantee diversity of culture. Now about 300 eco museums are operating it demonstrates possibilities of the comprehensive eco museum. In conclusion according to the movement of society the function and purpose of a museum have also been changed. Then concerning culture diversity and cultural identity what can we expect as the next generation museum According to Georges Henri Rivi An eco museum is a mirror for the local population to view itself to discover its own image and in which it seek an explanation of territory to which it is attached and of the population that have proceeded it. Hence the comprehensive eco museum can reinforce group and enlarging the range of culture conservation the eco museum should be considered as the next generation museum.
