Coal Gasification Should Be Encouraged for the Benefit of Society Energy economy and environmental issue are becoming the focus of our society. As economy developing energy demanding grows fast oil price are becoming higher and higher and also environmental issue arose. Coal gasification is a kind of clean technology that it can provide many approaches of cleanest conversion of coal into electricity hydrogen and many other high valued products. Coal gasification has many benefits such as environmental benefit efficiency benefit and coal is also a safe energy source. Thus coal gasification should be encouraged for the benefit of society. Before discussing the benefits of coal gasification should we know what kind of technology it is In simple words coal gasification is a chemical progress of coal converting to gas rather than burning coal directly. Technically speaking coal gasification a thermo chemical process breaks down coal or virtually any carbon based feedstock into its basic chemical constituents . In a modern gasifier coal is typically exposed to hot steam and carefully controlled amounts of air or oxygen under high temperatures and pressures. Under these conditions carbon molecules in coal break apart setting off chemical reactions that typically produce a mixture of carbon monoxide hydrogen and other gaseous compounds. Hydrogen from coal gasification is an economical pathway to a sustainable energy future. Gary J. Stiegel and Massood Ramezan 2006 . According to information from the U. S. Department of energy's DOE Office of Fossil Energy coal gasification in fact may be one of the best ways to produce clean burning hydrogen for future's automobiles and power generating fuel cells. Hydrogen and other coal gases can also be used to fuel power generating turbines or as the chemical building blocks for a wide range of commercial products. The focus is working on coal gasifier advances that enhance efficiency environmental performance and reliability as well as expand the gasifier's flexibility to process a variety of coals and other feedstocks including biomass and municipal industrial wastes . As commercial scale application of coal gasification many experts turn their attention to future gasification concepts that offer significant improvements in efficiency fuel flexibility and economics . First of all coal gasification should be encouraged because it brings environmental benefits. Coal gasification is one of the cleanest approaches of using coal. Some concerns about coal are sulfur nitrogen and carbon dioxide. Traditionally coal is burning directly which way can brings SOx NOx and particulate emissions from burning coal derived gases. However rather than burning coal directly coal gasification has the advantage to release extremely low SOx NOx and other particulate emissions. The environmental benefits of gasification are obviously. There are many examples from DOE that can explain how sulfur and nitrogen from coal are captured in the conversion. Sulfur in coal emerges as hydrogen sulfide and can be captured by processes presently used in the chemical industry. In some methods the sulfur can be extracted in either a liquid or solid form that can be sold commercially. In an Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle IGCC plant the syngas produced is virtually free of fuel bound nitrogen. NOx from the gas turbine is limited to thermal NOx. Diluting the syngas allows for NOx emissions as low as 15 parts per million. Selective Catalytic Reduction SCR can be used to reach levels comparable to firing with natural gas if required to meet more stringent emission levels. Other advanced emission control processes are being developed that could reduce NOx from hydrogen fired turbines to as low as 2 parts per million. Source is from DOE website. Carbon dioxide which is regarded as greenhouse gases can also be eliminated effectively as a concentrated gas stream in syngas at high pressure from coal gasification if oxygen is used in a coal gasifier instead of air . In such case carbon dioxide can be captured and sequestered more easily and at lower costs. By contrast when coal burns or is reacted in air 80 percent of which is nitrogen the resulting carbon dioxide is diluted and more costly to separate. In short coal gasification can take environmental advantage regarding sulfur nitrogen and carbon dioxide. Second coal gasification should be encouraged because it also brings efficiency benefits. A coal gasification power plant is more efficient than a typical coal combustion plant. For example heat from burning coal in a typical coal combustion plant is used to boil water making steam that drives a steam turbine generator. In some coal combustion plants only a third of the energy value of coal is actually converted into electricity the rest is lost as waste heat. However in a coal gasification power plant typically gets dual duty from the gases it produces. First the coal gases cleaned of impurities are fired in a gas turbine much like natural gas to generate one source of electricity. The hot exhaust of the gas turbine is then used to generate steam for use in a more conventional steam turbine generator. This dual source of electric power called a combined cycle is much more efficient in converting coal's energy into usable electricity. The fuel efficiency of a coal gasification power plant in this type of combined cycle can potentially be boosted to 50 percent or more. Source is from DOE website. If adopting a fuel cell or a fuel cell gas turbine hybrid will get more than typical coal combustion plants. If any of the remaining waste heat can be channeled into process steam or heat perhaps for nearby factories or district heating plants the overall fuel use efficiency of future gasification plants could reach 70 to 80 percent. Higher efficiencies mean more economical benefits. Third coal gasification should be encouraged because coal is a safe energy source. Coal based electricity is important to the country which owns coal. No other energy source is currently available that can provide a viable low cost alternative for electricity production. Electricity is very difficult to store in significant quantities and so the system depends on generation being to call to meet the demand. Coal is normally stored at power plants and provides an inherent buffer in case of supply interruption. According to a report from National Academy of Sciences 2002 Committee on science and technology for Countering terrorism to assess the vulnerability of the major U. S. Infrastructure systems to terrorist attacks. As a part of the work the committee conducted an exhaustive analysis of the vulnerability of U. S energy stems including nuclear power oil natural gas coal and the electric power system. It found that all aspects of the energy system have various degrees of vulnerability. However it found that coal was the least vulnerable. Although some people may argue that coal gasification should not be encouraged because they think that coal is a dirty energy and it cause a lot of environmental problems. Admittedly coal is a dirty energy but through technology we can eliminate the disadvantage. Coal gasification is a kind of clean technology and it can be more efficient in dealing with environmental issues such as sulfur nitrogen oxides particulate emissions carbon dioxides and even trace mental. With the developing of coal gasification technology the capability to produce electricity hydrogen chemicals or various combinations while eliminating nearly all air pollutants and potentially greenhouse gas emissions makes coal gasification one of the most promising technologies for energy plants of the future. Some people may argue that biofuels should be encouraged. For example biofuels are turning ethanol to oil. But ethanol increases global warming destroys forests and inflates food prices Michael Grunwald 2008 . Politicians and big business are pushing biofuels like corn based ethanol as alternatives to oil All they're really doing is driving up food prices and making global warming worse and you're paying for it. Other alternative energy approaches also have various problems. To conclude coal gasification is a kind of clean technology that it can provide many approaches of cleanest conversion of coal into electricity hydrogen and many other high valued products. Coal gasification has many benefits such as environmental benefit efficiency benefit and what the most important is that coal is also a safe energy source. Thus coal gasification should be encouraged for the benefit of society. Reference Gary J. Stiegel and Massood Ramezan Hydrogen from coal gasification An economical pathway to a sustainable energy future International Journal of Coal Geology Volume 65 Issues 3 4 17 January 2006 ANON NAME 0 173 190 ANON URLPAGE visited April 2008 National Academy of Sciences 2002 National Research Council. Making the Nation Safer The Role of Science and Technology in Countering Terrorism. Washington D. C National Academy Press 2002. Michael Grunwald Biofuels The phony solution Ethanol the eco friendly fuel is actually a bio disaster TIME April 7 2008 pages40 45.
