VoIP Service Twenty years ago when my older brother was studying in graduate school abroad in the U. S he called us once a month for few minutes because the calls that time was too expensive to afford. Nowadays I can communicate with my family in Saudi Arabia every day any time for way less cost via using Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP service provided by internet or prepaid phone card. Telecom companies have been starting to convert their systems from Public Switched Telephone Network PSTN system to using Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP system as one of the most required technology in telecom market competition especially to make their systems more compatible with the Next Generation Network NGN . This change has faced many objections as any new technology though it has many remarkable benefits. The reasons for which VoIP service must be supported including cost reduction flexibility using and ultimate communication features which fit individuals and companies. Every day life expenses are increased such as utility bills an example of which telephone call bill. That happens as result of annul economy inflations which increase cost of capital expense Capex and operational expense Opex of any projects. Then any new technologies will reduce amount of any cost must be supported to replace previous one. Using the VoIP technology system which is a technology that allows you to make voice calls using a broadband Internet connection instead of a regular or analog phone line Federal Communications Commission ANON_URLSPAGE_is more inexpensive than using the PSTN system which has been approved by many studies from professional organizations like Federal Communications Commission FCC . One of the professional technology marketing magazine called Technology Marketing Corporation TMC mentioned in its website about study report about Cost Benefits of VoIP By now we're all familiar with the benefits of VoIP. One of the most significant advantages is the potential cost savings. By combing voice and data infrastructures bypassing long distance charges and avoiding associated taxes companies can save 20 40 percent on their current telecommunications costs. However that's all changing. In June of this year the Federal Communications Commission FCC passed legislation subjecting VoIP calls to the same taxation as traditional analog phone calls. The new ruling will require VoIP providers to collect additional taxes and fees for the Universal Service Fund. The Universal Service Fund USF is a 70 year old program sponsored by the federal government to subsidize telephone services in rural and low income areas. Because the changes to the law are fairly new exactly how much this will cost any given company or the average consumer is a little unclear. Industry analysts have projected the changes will cost VoIP users an extra 6 to 10 percent per month on their phone bills. Joel A. Pogar 2006 . Telecom companies are operational companies competing to have the big amount of marketing share through provide their services immediately for clients that usually need to reinforce and increase their equipments and distribution areas which means increasing in the Capex and the Opex if they still work on PSTN system that needs more space and implementations to install new equipments and hardware such as switch transmission and management systems. In the contrary VoIP needs less space and implementation than PSTN hence it depends on software more than hardware which is also small and easy to placed and install without more civil work like PSTN system that means reducing in Capex. In addition VoIP system dose not need many support technicians as PSTN system that means reducing in Opex. On the other hand clients who use VoIP in there calls especially for long distance and international calls will find a big different in their bills. End user VoIP system is simply and easy to install. For example according to ANON_URLSPAGE_VoIP is especially popular with long distance calls. The main reason for which people are so massively turning to this new technology is the cost. VoIP is said to be cheap but most people use it for free. Yes if you have a computer with a microphone and speakers and a good Internet connection you can communicate using VoIP for free. It is amazing that making call from personal computer by free software such as msn messenger only needs to microphone and headphone. The second reason is a flexibility using. Last week I received call from my friend who has come back to his country. The odd in this time that I received the call with his ID number as local call same I had received from him here. When I asked him he told me that he used same VoIP which he had used before he had left. It is flexible service that dose not have confide location. It can pass any country boarders with keeping its ID number and same cost. Many companies now have unified numbers independent on the locations especially that have many abroad branches. The system depends on Data National Corporation DNC whose Privacy Policy is Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer's Internet Protocol IP address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within the DNC Network our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate and to investigate misuse of the DNC Network its users or to cooperate with law enforcement. See also will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals. Our Web servers do not automatically record e mail addresses of the visitors. The simple example of this idea is e mail that can brows from any computers and network. As result of flexibility of using VoIP system is the appearance outside source business that helps to decrease the Capex through using manpower whose salary levels are low in their countries without extra cost when they use VoIP system. The third reason is the ultimate communication features. There are many features are appeared and emerged on the communication media and become easy and not limited for small group like before. For instance video conference can be between two presents or two normal people. Another feature is the ability to make conference call and convergence between them. There are many articles mentioned that is a good VoIP system will support audio and perhaps video conferencing. High fidelity wideband VoIP conference phones allow multiple persons at a conference table to participate in a VoIP conversation from different distances speaking at a normal volume. You can also tie conferencing functionality into other IP collaboration applications so that during the conference call participants can exchange files synchronize calendars share presentations and even see one another's computer desktops. Such functionality is called unified communications. Many companies are offering enterprise level unified communications solutions. Microsoft's entry into the market is its Office Communications Server 2007 OCS which provides for SIP based calling presence based VoIP call management instant messaging and audio video and Web based conferencing. The basis of unified communications is the convergence of different technologies to work together. The same communications system can handle phone calls voice mail e mail instant messages video conferences faxes and other types of communications and different applications are aware of one another. Techrepublic website 2008 So most services will provide by VoIP system like fax video conformance and message. The VoIP is the best solution that support intelligent home with Fiber to the Home FTTH . Here summary of IEEE support that Seamless handover is required in VoIP mobility services in order to limit the period of the service disruption experienced by a MN when moving between different IP subnets. Our seamless handover method involves sending multiple copies of the mobile agents to potential MN locations of movement for early authentication. Both VPN and multi homing techniques play an important role in the reduction of the handover delay and packet loss ratio. The implementation aspect of seamless handover in mobile agent based VoIP services is provided. In the performance analyses a comparison in the handover delay is made between the standard mobile IP mobility and our method. IEEE ANON NAME 0 Han Lin Jen Shun ANON NAME 1 Ko Ching ANON NAME 2 2005 pp 177 180 . Regarding those who object the replacement of PSTN by VoIP system they considered several reasons like security and additional electrical bill cost. They are similar people who like to set in a lane waiting their number to accomplish some processes in the bank because they don't feel secure with using ATM since they still like the old fashion with spending a lot of time wile the time is precious in this time. Security information science has a lot of solution to make the network system more secure. For example all the bank's processes computerize and all data transfer between the branches with high level security. Then there is no place to worry about this issue. In addition there are many security software can protect most personal system such as spy wear and antivirus software. Electrical bill cost! Normal land fixed telephone has intangible cost that is including in the bill and also they will pay additional for their computers an example which of VoIP system. On the other hand some companies object that because they don't want spend much money to replace their old system. But they don't consider how they can keep their customer in their side when they are looking for who are the best and convenient services. In conclusion replacement old system by VoIP system must be supported and consider in any update plane especially in Telecom companies. People must use the useful technologies like VoIP system to have better way to communicate such as visual communication that provides by VoIP system. Then VoIP service must be supported including cost reduction flexibility using and ultimate communication features which fit individuals and companies. Now I am feeling with my family every day when I make visial call via VoIP services providing by my laptop with nothing extra cost. References Federal Communications Commission ANON URLPAGE. Joel A. Pogar Are the Cost Benefits of VoIP Fading Away MCT October2006 Volume9 Number10 ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_. ANON_URLSPAGE_. IEEE ANON NAME 0 Han Lin Jen Shun ANON NAME 1 Ko Ching ANON NAME 2 Advanced Information Networking and Applications 2005. AINA 2005. 19Th International Conference on Volume 2 Issue 28 30 March 2005 Page s 177 180 vol. 2 Digital Object Identifier 10. 1109 AINA. 2005. 250 ANON URLPAGE
