Cell Phones What Science Says. The history is full of inventions that brought both great enthusiasm and public concern. For example the introduction of the steam engine during the Industrial Revolution gave a new birth to the European economy and marked an important stage in the evolution of the entire world. At the same time the pollution produced by the new factories caused an increasing public concern. Nowadays we are experiencing great changes made by electronics and like in the past the public opinion is torn between a feeling of enthusiastic willingness to gather new advantages from the technology and the fear that these advantages have a heavy cost in terms of health hazards. In particular for the last ten years the public opinion has been concerned about the correlation between the use of cell phones and the insurgence of brain cancer. Actually it is impossible to establish an analogy between the situation of the 19th century and the present one. In the past the public opinion had elements to support its apprehension like the visible effects produced on trees and animals by the industrial progress. The scientists demonstrated for example the correlation between the mutation occurred in the colour of the wings of a particular kind of butterfly the Peppered Moth or Biston Betularia and the increasing level of pollution in the South of England. Today lots of people talk and write about correlations or presumed correlations between the use of cell phones and the incidence of cancer but the science says that there is no evidence of such a correlation. First it is important to define the terms of the problem. A cell phone is a wireless device that communicates with analogous devices through the emission and the reception of electromagnetic waves. The information the message transmitted as voice or text is codified in the phone and send an electromagnetic wave through an antenna that works dually as transmitter and receiver. Electromagnetic waves are characterized by two main features the power transmitted and the frequency of operation. The power carried by a wave is related to the energetic content of the wave itself. In other words the power expresses a measure of the effect that the wave can produce. As described in many books of Physics or Electromagnetic Fields the frequency of operation determines the kind of interaction between the wave and the surrounding objects. In this paper I am interested in explaining the effects produced on the human body and I am going to explain how frequency is related to physical effects on the body. When an electromagnetic wave encounters an obstacle in its path it has to face a discontinuity surface . The principles of Physics tell us that what happens is completely analogous to what happens when we look at a stick half immersed in a pond of water. The discontinuity surface between air and water creates a distortion that gives us the impression that the stick in the water is shorter than the stick in the air. The distortion is the effect produced by the discontinuity on a travelling electromagnetic wave the light that travels between our eyes and the stick. In detail the discontinuity surface interrupts the trajectory of the light creating a series of reflections and diffractions that change the path of the wave in the water resulting in a visual distortion of the object. The path of the wave is frequency dependent and this means that as long as the frequency of the electromagnetic wave changes the effect of the discontinuity surface changes. In particular when the interface is composed by human tissue higher frequency waves imply a less penetrating course more confined on the surface of the human tissue while in a dual way lower frequency waves imply a more penetrating effect with fewer spot of concentration of power. Comparing same amounts of tissue hypothesizing the same amount of power carried by the wave the less penetrating the wave the more concentrated is the effect produced. In other words if you have less space of propagation the energy carried by the wave will be more spatially confined. After the description of the Physic principles of the propagation of a wave I am going to explain the effects of the propagation. In the United States the frequency of operating cell phones is 850 MHz older systems and 1900 MHz newer systems . In Europe mobiles use a standard system of communication named GSM Global System for Mobile Communications and the frequencies involved are 900 MHz and 1800 MHz more or less the same of the American phones. This range of frequencies is defined as non ionizing and this means that the electromagnetic waves in this range does not have enough energy to break the bounds between atoms to ionize that compose living tissues. An example of ionizing waves are the X rays for which there is a clear correlation with health hazards. This first classification eliminates a large amount of possible hazards for the human health. The main effect produced by electromagnetic waves in the range of frequencies described above is the heating of the tissues. The range of frequencies under exam from approximately 300 MHz to approximately 300 GHz is defined as Microwave Frequencies and this should call into mind one of the most common American household appliances the microwave oven. The effect produced by this kind of wave is the stimulation of the water dipoles that start to move in presence of an electromagnetic field tending to dispose themselves accordingly to the direction of the field. The movement of the dipoles is not free from leakage due to internal friction among different molecules. This kind of friction is responsible for the heating effect. Passing through the living tissues the wave looses its energetic content that becomes heating power for the tissues. As mentioned in the previous paragraph high frequency waves are confined on the surface and so produce an increase in temperature quicker than the one produced by low frequency waves which can reach deeper portions of tissue. The previous scientific considerations led the competent organizations such as the FCC in the United States or the analogous ones in Europe to fix exposure limits that prevent any possible risks for cell users. The limits were established in this way. After the determination of the power needed to cause a minimum increase in temperature 1 Pennsylvania and John E. Moulder from Medical School of Wisconsin say Identifying links between cancer and environmental exposure of any kind is surprisingly difficult because of the absence of a single cause of cancer and for a variety of other reasons. Even if mobile phones had no connection to cancer thousands of users would develop brain cancer every year given so called background rates of brain cancer in the United States it strikes about six in 100 000 people per year . What Foster and Moulder say is the explanation of all the controversy that has been centred for a decade on the cancer risk associated with the use of mobile phones. In other words nowadays it is very difficult to isolate a single cause that can induce a particular kind of cancer. The large amount of possible causes from the air pollution to the genetic predisposition of some populations coupled with all the possible combinations of multiple effects makes it almost impossible to achieve a clear definition of a correlation between a possible cause like the use of cell phones and the incidence of brain cancer. In addition during the last decade all the studies that affirmed an evidence of the connection between use of cell phones and promotion of brain cancer failed in being definitive and scientifically coherent. An example cited by Foster and Moulder is the study of Henry Lay and colleagues 1995 at the University of Washington in Seattle which reported an evidence of potential cancer causing effects on the brain cells' DNA of rats exposed to Radio Frequency radiation. Later studies by Joseph Roti Roti at Washington University in St. Louis failed in the attempt to confirm the results of Lay and colleagues. In science it is impossible to consider a result something that is not replicable as it is impossible to close a question when opposite results continue to appear negating previous achievements. In order to achieve a better understanding of the problem it could be useful to look at what is the past scientific background related to the topic of this paper. All the examples are reported from the list made by Foster and Moulder. Two kinds of studies in which researches throughout the world relied on in order to gain information are epidemiological studies based on the analyses of health records and animal studies. The first epidemiological data refers to a review conducted by Kenneth Rothman from the Epidemiology Research Institute in Newton Lower Falls Mass. In this study the records of 250 000 mobile phone users were analyzed and the conclusion was that no difference in mortality appeared between the users of hand held portable phones where the antenna is placed close to the head and mobile cellular phones where the antenna is mounted on the vehicle resulting in lower RF exposure. In addition Foster and Moulder reported the conclusion of a later follow up study conducted by the same researchers on the causes of death among nearly 300 000 American mobile phone users some of which were from the previous study. In the Journal of the American Medical Association of November 1999 the investigators affirmed that The only category of cause of death for which there was an indication of increasing risk with increasing minutes of use was motor vehicle collisions . Other studies have been mostly or entirely negative. On the side of animal studies the answers have been the same no resulting connection between exposure to electromagnetic sources of radiation and promotion of cancer. So in the conclusion of their article Foster and Moulder stated that The epidemiological results so far August 2000 are certainly inconsistent with any large increase in risk a doubling or more of brain cancer from use of cell phones. . . Nor do the animal studies show clear cut carcinogenic effects. . However on December 6 2006 an article titled Cell Phones Don't Raise Cancer Risk Study appeared on ANON URLSITE posing a final stone to the scientific rush that was going on until then. In this article Will Dunham reported a Danish study whose conclusion moved ahead from the simple statement the epidemiological results are inconsistent . This study involving more than 400 000 Danish cellular telephone users determined that neither short nor long term use of cellular phones also called mobile phones was linked to a greater risk of tumors of the brain brain cancers and nervous systems salivary glands or eyes leukaemia or cancer overall. . Joachim Schuz the head researcher from the Danish Institute of Cancer Epidemiology in Copenhagen said in an interview I think the results of this study are quite reassuring . The importance of the study relies on the fact that it was the most comprehensive to date it involved a large number of users 357 553 men and 65 542 women and assessed potential risks many years after the first use of mobiles by the subjects of the research from 1982 1995 to 2002 . As Schuz said The big advantage is a whole nation is included in the study . The analysis of the data resulted in a number of cancer cases that was lower than the one expected for that population. The only aspect that the study couldn't investigate in detail was the differentiation between users in terms of frequently and sparingly users. The conclusion of John Boice a cancer epidemiologist at Vanderbilt University who worked on the research was There is in fact a hazard from the use of cellular phone that we have to all be concerned about and that's using a phone when we're driving an automobile leaving a driver distracted and causing accidents . After explaining the causes and effects presenting the course of the scientific community the understanding of the point of view that still sustains the presence of a correlation between the use of cell phones and the insurgence of brain cancer can be achieved only assuming that public perceptions and attitudes are not always scientifically inspired. Fear and worry are human feelings that not always find a reasonable explanation. However given the sensitivity the impact and the overall importance of the topic we couldn't let the fear guides our actions. Most of all because as previously shown there are scientific evidence not opinions that demonstrate how there is no correlation between use of cell phones and insurgence of brain cancer. In conclusion the introduction of devices like the cell phone has been causing great changes in our everyday life. Someone looks at this change not only evaluating the positive effects that derive from this invention but also pointing at the possible costs that the whole society could pay in terms of health hazards. The topic requires great attention and any time that there is a possible risk for the human health it is worth to analyze accurately any kind of warning. However in each and all the situations that call in question technology medical science or health hazard we cannot avoid the scientific response. In order to get the right decision we must believe in the authority of the scientific results in 2008 we cannot prefer any kind of opinion to the conclusions at which a scientific study has arrived. What science tells us is that electromagnetic waves involved in the use of cell phones are responsible for only one kind of effect the heating of living tissues. In response to this fact the national and international organizations deputed to the prevention of any kind of health hazards have been imposing limits to the power radiated from the appliances on commerce. These limits contained a security scale factor that minimizes the hazardous interaction between cell phones and human body. References 1 Kenneth R. Foster John E. Moulder Spectrum IEEE August 2000 pp. 23 28 2 Will Dunham Reuters December 6 2006 ANON URLSITE
