Credit cards are a dangerous currency How many credit cards do you have How frequent do you use credit cards to pay your payments Have you even thought that you rely on credit cards too much In the past people regarded credit cards as a symbol of social status. With the change of the society the fact that people have credit cards becomes common at present. According to the statistics of Banking Bureau Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan each Taiwanese who is eligible to apply for credit cards also called plastic cards has 5 to 6 credit cards on average until December of 2005 in Taiwan. It is getting convenient and common for people to use credit cards to buy their consumer goods or to pay the bills. Also the Nison Report a research on consumer payment system showed that 40 percent of deals in the United States was paid by credit cards before 2006 and it predicted that 55 percent of deals in the United Sates until 2011 will be paid by credit cards rather than cash. Apparently these circumstances express that credit cards play an important role in people's lives gradually. Most people believe that credit cards are safe. They do not have to worry about losing cash because they could just have credit cards with them to pay any payments. In fact however credit cards are not a safe currency for people. The fact that people rely on credit cards will bring people abundant bad influences and also will hurt the economy of countries. Credit cards will change people's values raise consumers' debts and increase the risk of disclosing consumers' privacy. First of all credit cards have changed people's values. In the past people used cash to pay all of their payments. How much money they spent depended on how much money they had. They had to give up the things they wanted especially luxuries if they did not have enough cash. However as a result of the popularity of credit cards people can buy anything even if they can not afford to pay such a price. Take Americans as an example. During Christmas holiday many stores provide customers with a lot of special discount to stimulate consumption. Many Americans take advantage of the good price to buy a lot of products that they might not need or gifts that just shows they are generous or rich even they do not have enough money. They can buy any merchandise which might not be necessary or might be luxuries for them since they have credit cards. Gradually this kind of situation distorts people's values. Adults enjoy shopping entertainment or spending money first they start to pursue the expensive goods and compare their belongings such as cars jewellery etc. With others. Parents' behaviors would influence children. Afterwards the young spend money extravagantly in spite of that they do not have good income. The fact that they spend money does not depend on how much money they have but how much they desire to have the products instead. Besides the young generation also considers using credit cards as an expression of independence which means they could do anything by themselves and get rid of their parents. Nevertheless they forget that using credit cards does not just mean that they become independent but also they should be responsible for themselves. The growing reliance on plastic is also about culture American love freedom. Just as the invention of the mass produced automobile gave us the freedom to travel wherever or whenever we wished credit cards allow us to spend money in ways and at the time that work for us. These freedoms however make both cars and credit cards dangerous if they are used improperly. Gordon Douglas 2005 p. 27 29 . Second credit cards will raise consumers' debts. Many people think that credit cards could help people manage their finance well because using installment payments and minimum payments can make them use their money more flexible or efficient. However they neglect that they need to pay more interest when they adopt installment payments or minimum payments. The amount of these interests is considerable and burdens these people's financial pressure insidiously. In the United States according to the statistics in 2004 credit card debt totaled 685 billion which has risen by about 70 percent. The rising is surprising. Also the recent statistics shows that credit card debt has reached 915 billion in the United States. Many banks in the US have a great deal of bad debt which makes banks' burden increase. Once banks could not afford the bad debt it will cause a series of economical problems. Economists predicted that the problems of banks' bad debts will bring more serious damage than those of subprime mortgage. Interest is a principal and important source of profit for a credit card company. In Taiwan the circulating interest rate of credit card debt reaches around 20 percent. Many people could not afford to pay such high interest which also causes a lot of social problems such as suicide or public security. These bad debt will result in serious problems which would threaten a country's economy as well. Furthermore debt threatens a lot of families. Many families are incapable of paying interests their houses even are mortgaged to banks to pay off their debt. In the US Seventy percentage of American families said last year that they are carrying so much debt that it is making their family loves unhappy three times more young people are worried about going deeply into debt than about a terrorist attack. Gordon Douglas 2005 p. 27 29 It is easy to tell that the mortgage problem will be getting worse if people still continue to use credit cards improperly or keep losing self control on sweeping credit cards. In addition credit cards are not only a currency but also a credit history. According to the Associated Credit Bureaus Inc. 2001 There are about 1 billion credit cards in circulation in the United States today. The American market's largest segment which covers unsecured credit cards is geared toward consumers with an established credit history. Guseva Rona Tas 2001 p. 623 646 More and more people spend too much money by credit cards paying off their payments so they choose the method of minimum payment. The fact that people use minimum payment not only let people pay more interests but also hurts people's credit histories. A poor credit historywill bring these people bad influence for their finance. For example they might not able to apply to mortgage successful when they require money to do their business. Last credit cards will increase the risk of disclosing consumers' privacy. With the popularization of credit cards credit card companies have abundant of customers' information such as customers' phone numbers social security numbers and so on so how to protect customers' personal data has become an important issue for credit card companies. As a result of fact problems of disclosing consumers' privacy have come out seriously. There are several ways to lead to the disclosing of consumers' privacy. First clerks at the stores sweep your card to get your information from the chip of your credit cards when you check out by credit card. They might sell your information such as your credit card number your card verification number and so on to some illegal organizations to make some profits. In addition some people take some advantage of their jobs at banks to take the credit card customers' data out. They also might sell the information to the illegal organizations. Even credit card companies would do so. They sell your information to do some commerce. For example your information might be sold to some insurers. Sometimes sharing customers' information becomes a strategy under the cooperation between companies. Unfortunately consumer right might be victimized. For those companies your personal information is actually worth more than the products they're selling. Detweiler 2000 p144 Besides some hackers use their talents for high technology to get some information through the internet. It is very convenient for people to go shopping online so more people like shopping online and they use credit cards to check out as well. These computer geniuses could steal the information of the people shopping online from cookies. After gathering these data they also sell people's data to some organizations. The illegal organizations which attempt to get the data of credit card customers as much as they can make up credit cards according to these information. They use these fake credit cards to get benefits. It is impossible for the users of credit cards to know credit card frauds immediately. Unfortunately credit card fraud has become prevalent since credit cards are popular. Many credit card holders usually have no choice but to be charge the loss of credit card fraud. To defeat credit card fraud many banks also devote to developing the projects to reduce the credit card fraud. For instance HSBC is planning to replace hundreds of fraud detection systems with a single anti fraud system to monitor bank transactions across 83 operations worldwide. The bank has begun a project in Hong ANON NAME 0 to adapt credit card fraud detection software to monitor all of its banking products including credit cards debit cards cheques online and telephone banking and contactless card transactions. Flinders 2007 p1. Although banks attempt to reduce the credit card fraud and use a lot of security systems and projects to protect their customers from credit card fraud it is still impossible to guard against fraud and avoid customers' risks completely at present. To conclude nowadays a lot of people think credit cards are a convenient and safe tool or currency. They use credit cards anytime and anywhere in their lives. However credit cards are a dangerous currency because improper abusing credit cards will bring a great amount of risks and bad influences. First credit cards will distort people's value. People would buy anything thing they want even though they do not have money. They will pursue material life and enjoy entertainments. For the young generation they would learn the value from their parents or their peers. Also they would abuse credit cards to show they have been adults. They do learn how to use credit card well. Second credit cards will raise consumers' debts. Many people think that credit cards help them manage their money well. They can just pay a little every month so they can use their money flexible. Nevertheless they forget that they must pay the high interest if they use the minimum payment. Many people could not afford the interest so they announce bankrupt. These loans will become bad debts for credit card companies or banks. Too many bad debts could damage not only a company or a bank but also a country. Third using credit cards increase the risk of disclosing consumers' privacy. With the popular of credit cards the problems of credit cards fraud have become an important issue nowadays. Although credit cards attempt to reduce these problems by improving their security systems the credit card fraud still could not be solved completely. Besides customers' privacy is not assured. Many people attempt to steal customers' information to get some benefit. Also customers become the victims under the cooperation of companies. For example companies switch their customers' information to do some commercial activities. Therefore using credit cards might be convenient but it is certainly not safe. It really has a lot of potential problems we should pay attention to and avoid. Using credit cards has been a tendency so learning how to use credit cards smartly and carefully should be a big assignment for consumers now. Bibliography Gordon R Douglas D. 2005 . Washington Monthly. Taking Charge 37 27 29. Guseva A. Rona Tas A. 2001 American Sociological Review. Uncertainty Risk and Trust Russian and American Credit Card Markets Compared 66 623 646. Friedman E. Giloley J. 1995 . Credit World. Consumer Potholes on the Electronic Highway 84 p14. Flinders K. 2007 . Computer Weekly. HSBC to integrate its global fraud defenses p1. Detweiler G. 2000 . Money. 1 Minute Interview 29 p144. Lankford K. 2008 . Kiplinger's Personal Finance. Your Id Theft Prevention Kit 62 p72 43 Bradford M. 2007 . Business Information Review. Personal Credit Information Privacy and Information Security Issues the Experian View 24 p253.
