Africa must refuse international trade liberalization Africa is said to be the poorest continent in the world. Many factors have contributed to explain its situation. Historically it has lost a lot from its relationships with western countries sociologically its culture is somewhat inadequate with the exigencies of market economy which is based upon the private property politically most of its leaders have been without prospective. However many things have been going on in Africa since the last two decades the democracy is installing and attitudes are changing. Africa hopes to develop soon its economy and further its wellbeing. One important factor of the development is the international trade which can be seen as a doubled hedge sword. Selling with the international market improve the internal incomes when importing is hurting for the local industry hence the necessity of prudence when dealing with the international trade. The orthodoxy theory in international trade is free trade among nations. The idea is that the free trade catalyzes the concurrence among companies and concurrence is source of efficiency. The bottom line of that theory is that the free trade increases the wellbeing of the world population. However poorest countries and richest countries couldn't compete in the same market. Moreover most countries which champion the free trade are not often free trader and when they are free traders they have a good reason to be so. Africa which is pushed by developed countries and international institutions to liberalize its economy must refuse that policy. Many strong reasons support that idea of refusing the international liberalization. Africa's industries are not developed enough to compete with world giants theory of infant industry protection . Also developed countries support actively their companies which trade policy is contradictory to the principle of free trade. Competing with giants of the world will worsen its situation of poverty due to the lost of jobs that competition creates. First the theory of infant industry protection explains why Africa should refuse the international liberalization. That theory claims that protection is absolutely necessary for small new firms especially in developing countries. According to Stew Suranovic an associate professor of economics and international affairs at The George Washington University new firms have little chance of competing head to head with the established firms located in the developed countries. Developed countries' firms have been in business longer and over time have been able to improve their efficiency in production. They have better information and knowledge about the production process about market characteristics about their own labor market etc. As a result they are able to offer their product at a lower price in international markets and still remain profitable . According to that theory a firm in a developing country producing a similar product as a firm in developed country has not enough technology knowledge and experience that will allow it to compete against its rival. If it is forced to compete it will end closing. A new firm like an infant needs protection during the time it grows up . Most industries in Africa are infants and must be protected for now hence Africa must refuse the international liberalization. Also all the developed countries did protect their industries when they were developing. In his book Kicking Away the Ladder p3 2001 Ha Joon Chang answering to the question How did the Rich Countries Really Become Rich says The short answer to this question is that the developed countries did not get where they are now through the policies they recommend to the developing countries today. Most of them actively used bad trade and industrial policies such as infant industry protection and export subsidies practices that are frowned upon if not actively banned by the WTO World Trade Organization these days . Africa has historical evidence that explain why it must refuse to open its own market to developed countries. Developed countries protected their own market to allow their industries to develop. The second reason Africa must refuse the international liberalization is that those countries which push Africa to open its market are not free traders. They have subtle means to protect their own market. The traditional way of protecting its own market is by the means of tariffs. The modern way is subtle and can be use only by developed countries because of its complexity and the great amount of money it involves. They use subsidies that are able to cut significantly the production cost of their own industries which make their industries competitive in the global market. Different types of subsidies are used. However the export subsidies is the one that affect mostly the global market. The moral principle of export subsidies is first to support farmers' income. That policy is motivated by national security or self sufficiency considerations. The idea is to encourage the national production of food needed in the country. To do so the government fixes for some product a minimum price that guaranties a profit for its farmers. Because they are ensure to make profit whatever the market conditions farmers produce excessively for the domestic market. The government to help maintain the good price for farmers is compelled to buy the excess products. Sometimes the amount the government must purchase exceeds the available storage capacity. To a void building more costly storage the government use export subsidies to help their farmers trade abroad. The government let its farmers know that they can sell their products at prices lower than the cost of production then the government will give them money to compensate their lost and even make profit. How can a farmer from a poor country be able to compete against such a farmer from developed country Developed countries also impose some norms of quality that are almost impossible for developing countries to respect. In order to sell their products in developed countries developing countries companies are face to many obstacles that are purposely imposed by developed countries. These obstacles are called norms of quality and are arbitrary set up to protect the domestic market. An example is the problem observed in December 2007 with toys from China. The dangerousness of those toys incriminated was not scientifically clearly proven. That is the way of protecting its own industries menaced by foreign industries which produce cheaper. Because those which champion the free market are protectionist Africa has to be actively protectionist too for it is the weakest part of the global market. The third reason why Africa must protect its internal markets is to create jobs for its population. Africa has the youngest population in the world. 40 Of its population is under 15. Also Africa has the highest unemployment rate. So Africa needs to protect its domestic jobs and further creates news jobs for the young generation. The way to do so is to promote the industrial development which is possible if Africa accepts to protect its markets to the benefit of its industries. Most developed countries have always protected their domestic market in order to promote jobs. They liberalize their markets when it is profitable for them to liberalize. The globalization has helped richer countries to become richer and poorer countries to become poorer. In his book Stiglitz Nobel price in economics 2001 claims that globalization has not brought the promised economic benefits to some of the poorest nations in the world. This can be easily evidenced by the fact that during the last decade of the twentieth century the number of people living in poverty increased by almost 100 million. During this same period world income rose by 2. 5 Signaling a growing divide between the rich and the poor . Africa needs to be aware of the hidden truth which is that rich countries are championing free market because it creates jobs in their countries. Their companies are well rooted well developed and are giant enough that their own market are small for them. To keep growing and creating new jobs they need to find new places where they could sell their products. Because creating new jobs is politically necessary these companies have their politics to force Africa open its market. Africa must stand up against that policy. It must show that it needs to solve it poverty problem. It must support its own industry which will be able to create jobs and distribute incomes. Almost all rich countries got wealthy by protecting infant industries. . . But these countries are now denying poor ones the same chance to grow by forcing free trade rules on them before they are strong enough Ha Joon Chang 2007 p1 . In brief there are good reasons for Africa to refuse the international liberalization. Although the international trade liberalization may improve people life in developing countries due to the competition it creates which results to efficiency in industrial production this theory is worthless in Africa because African industries are new and can't compete against their rivals from developed countries. Opening the African market to developed countries will kill the small amount of its industries. Thus the unemployment will worsen. That situation could prompt more social tension which is already pervasive in Africa. In conclusion there are several reasons Africa must refuse the international liberalization. The theory of infant industry protection militates for protectionism in Africa. Africa's industry is small and new. Like an infant Africa's industry needs a period of weaning that will allow it to grow up . Then it will be able to compete against the developed countries' old industries . Also countries which push Africa to liberalize its market are not often free traders. They protected their local industries to allow them to grow up and they still protect them even though any economic reason exists to support that attitude. Furthermore Africa needs to create new jobs for it young generation and would be able to do so by allowing its industry to develop. The efficiency due to international liberalization is theoretically true but not in reality at least those which champion it do not apply it themselves. They do so when they do not have something to lose. Why Africa shouldn't take the same path like developed countries References Chang H J. 2002 Kicking Away the Ladder Development Strategy in Historical Perspective Anthem Press Chang H J. 2007 Prospect Magazine Issue 136 July 2007 Joseph E. Stiglitz 2002 Globalization and its discontents W. W. Norton Company June 2002. ANON URLPAGE
