Stem Cell Research Controversies Stem cell research has great promise for helping to relief human disease. Stem cell research brings forth many new and exciting ways of looking at science. A lot of advancements have been made and our society has been greatly impacted by them. The controversy over stem cell research centers on the moral and ethical issues of using human embryos as sources of medical research or treatment. It also has some scientific problems. Stem cells are cells that are able to differentiate into specialized cell types but also retain the ability to renew themselves through cell division. They proceed to develop into tissues and organs of the body. However stem cell research must be prohibited for many reasons. The first reason is the value of life. A portion of stem cell researchers use embryos that were created but not used in vitro fertility treatments to derive new stem cell lines. Most of these embryos are to be destroyed. It has been estimated that in the United States alone at least 400 000 of such embryos are destroyed Weiss Rick August 24 2006 . Since the creation of a human embryonic stem cell line requires the destruction of a human embryo this kind of research involve alt of ethical matters. The embryos are members with rights as an early aged human life. They believe that embryonic stem cell research violates the sanctity of life. Human life begins when a sperm cell fertilizes an egg cell to form a single cell or literally conception as many religious groups believe so the killing of embryos would be equivalent to murdering a child. It has been stated that the line at which an embryo becomes a human life remains as arbitrary as ever Parry S. August 2003 pp. 145 168 . These embryos have the potential to life and thus have the Viability which means capacity for survival and it more specifically means the capacity for living developing under favorable conditions. Viability is defined as the point at which a fetus is potentially able to live outside the mother's womb albeit with artificial aid. Roe Wade 1973 . Pro life advocates believe that science should never progress at the cost of human life. University of Chicago bioethicist Dr. Leon Kass chairman of the committee appointed by President Bush to monitor stem cell research said It's important that we achieve our benefits in medical and health without undermining what is humanly decent and dignified. Our task really is to find a way to reap the benefits of medical science without undermining human dignity or human decency. President Bush's decision in August 2001 set some limits on embryonic stem cell research The government funds only the 78 embryonic stem cell lines established before August 9 2001. This decision does not endorse the killing of more embryos but does allow research to continue on ones that have already been destroyed Melissa Pena 2004 . The second reason is the presence of alternatives. It is often claimed by pro life supporters that the use of adult stem cells from sources such as umbilical cord blood has consistently produced more promising results than the use of embryonic stem cells Prentice David 2005 . Acording to ANON_NAME_0 Morley adult stem cells are unspecialized cells found in certain areas of the adult human body such as bone marrow and the brain. These cells are indefinitely self renewable and have the potential to develop into specialized cell types. Furthermore adult stem cell research may be able to make greater advances if less money and resources were channeled into embryonic stem cell research The Coalition of Americans for Research Ethics 2006 . Adult stem cells is also the best alternative because have already produced therapies while embryonic stem cells have not Clarke Michael F. And Michael W. Becker. July 2006 . Another alternative to embryonic stem cells are adult stem cells from hair follicles which don't involve the destruction of human life to obtain are different from other types of skin cells. Sieber Blum says the hair cells are similar to other types of adult stem cells as they are readily accessible through a minimally invasive procedure and could lead to using a patient's own hair as a source for therapy without the controversy or transplant problems associated with embryonic stem cells. We see the potential for cell replacement therapy in which patients can be their own donors which would avoid ethical issues and reduce the possibility of tissue incompatibility says Dr. Sieber Blum. Extract stem cells only from embryos that are considered organismically dead. The concept of embryonic death is an alternative to embryonic stem cell research that would require changes in public perception instead of scientific advances. The proposal offered by Dr. Donald Landry and Dr. Howard Zucker of the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons defines embryonic death as the irreversible end of cell division according to Landry. Stem cells from adults have several advantages similar to embryonic stem cells they have the innate ability to differentiate into many diverse cell types they are easily accessible in the skin of adults and the patient's own neural crest stem cells could be used for cell therapy. The researchers note that Our results raise the provocative possibility that even genetically matched cells derived by therapeutic cloning may still face barriers to effective transplantation for some disorders. In other words therapeutic cloning may not always produce matched tissues. In contrast there are reports of adult stem cells being successfully reintegrated into an autogenic animal. Another concern with embryonic stem cell treatments is a tendency of stem cells from embryos to create tumors Clarke Michael F. And Michael W. Becker 2006 . The placenta and umbilical cord appear to be rich sources for stem cells that have real potential to treat disease said Russell who also is an adviser to Stemnion. Strom's discovery adds another piece to the puzzle that will help patients in the future. Another possible alternative is amniotic stem cells the amniotic stem cells which are harvested in a way that does not require the destruction of embryos. They also are easier to work on in the laboratory than adult stem cells and may be able to grow into a wider variety of cells the researchers said. Researchers also said that the major difference is that unlike embryonic stem cells the amniotic cells don't form tumors. Adult testicles could one day become a common source for stem cells to cultivate a host of tissue types to combat disease while at the same time avoiding the ethical resistance to embryonic stem cells say researchers from Weill Cornell Medical College. Using spermatogonial progenitor stem cells which came from the testes of mice the scientists were able to tweak them in the lab to form MASCs multi potent adult spermatogonial derived stem cells . These cells were developed into endothelial working blood vessel cells and tissue cardiac cells brain cells and a range of other cells. The third reason is scientific flaws. The use of embryonic stem cell in therapies may be fundamentally flawed. For instance one study suggests that embryonic stem cells generated for therapeutic cloning may still suffer from immune rejection Americans for Banning Cloning. 2002 . The use of human embryonic stem cells requires lifelong use of drugs to prevent rejection of the tissue. Another more serious disadvantage is that using embryonic stem cells can produce tumors from rapid growth when injected into adult patients. The research may be hampered because many of the existing stem cell lines were grown with the necessary help of mouse cells. If any of this research is to turn into treatments it will need approval from the FDA which requires special safeguards to prevent transmission of animal diseases to people. It is unclear how many of these cell lines were developed with the safeguards in place. This leads to a host of problems related to transgenic issues Kelly Hollowell 2002 . The forth reason is the overestimation of this research potentials. Scientists have long promised spectacular results from embryonic stem cell research and this has not yet occurred Parry S 2003 . Conspicuously such criticism has even come from researchers themselves. For example in November 2004 Princeton University president and geneticist Shirley Tilghman said Some of the public pronouncements in the field of stem cell research come close to over promising at best and delusional fantasizing at worst. Tilghman Shirley M. 2004 . Those who agree with embryonic stem cell research are harsh who have no considerations to life. Such individuals are enemies of humanity. Additionally there is no visible observation to their research. Also the presence of alternatives gives no excuses for scientist to stop doing embryonic stem cell research and start taking a deeper look into more promising alternatives. In conclusion stem cell research using embryonic cells has to be stopped completely for many reasons including the value of life the presence of alternatives the scientific problems associated with this research and overestimation of results. Based on this analysis I strongly agree that funding this research is considered a violation to human rights. References 1 Weiss Rick. May 8 2003 400 000 Human Embryos Frozen in U. S. Washington Post. 2 Parry S. August 2003 . The politics of cloning mapping the rhetorical convergence of embryos and stem cells in parliamentary debates. New Genetics and Society. Pp. 145 168. 3 Melissa Pena 2004 Stem Cell Research Presumed Ends Never Justify the Means 4 Roe v. Wade 1973 . ANON URLSITE. 5 Parry S. August 2003 . The politics of cloning mapping the rhetorical convergence of embryos and stem cells in parliamentary debates. New Genetics and Society. Pp. 145 168. 6 Tilghman Shirley M. November 11 2004 Address to the Stem Cell Institute of New Jersey 7 Laura Mitus Dr. Frank Manista 2003 ATL 110 Section 007 8 Prentice David. October 17 2005 Live Patients Dead Mice . Christianity Today. 9 The Coalition of Americans for Research Ethics. The Political Science of Stem Cells . 10 Clarke Michael F. And Michael W. Becker. July 2006 . Stem Cells The Real Culprits in Cancer Scientific American. Retrieved on August 8 2006. 11 Americans for Banning Cloning. 2002 ANON URLPAGE Why the Successful Mouse Therapeutic Cloning Really Didn't Work Stem Cell Research. Retrieved April 13 2007. 12 ANON URLPAGE 13 ANON URLPAGE 14 ANON URLPAGE ANON URLPAGE ANON URLPAGE ANON URLPAGE
