We do need TOEFL score Are you an international student Have you ever taken a TOEFL test If your answer is yes you may want to tell me that TOFEL is an evil. That is true but more and more students take this test. I think nobody likes TOEFL but people do not have choice. TOEFL score is the main requirement for international students to enter a university so no matter how good you are it is impossible to get into a university without this English score. I took this test two years ago. I have to say I spent a lot of time on preparing it. Although I got a pretty good score I really do not want to take it again. I think it is a torture to most of the students. However when I began my study in the United States I found out that we do need this terrible test to help international student adapt to the new life in an English speaking country. First of all international students need basic English to live in a foreign country. TOEFL is about daily language and we cannot live without talking to other people every day. When you want an apartment you need to talk to a land lord. If you get lost you need to ask people for help. When you have some new friends you need to talk more. So if your English is not enough you may find that everything in your life is a mess. However I am not saying that once you pass the TOEFL test there is not trouble for you to begin a new life in a strange place. It is just better. For example my friend moved to the United States with parents so she didn't need a TOFEL. Nevertheless when she got here she found it is hard for her to live. She can't talk to her classmate so she felt lonely. She had a big problem with her study so she lost her confidence. Every time she talked about this she said she should have learned more English in China. It is hard for people to learn another language. You do not have an environment to practice what you have learned so the improvement is very slowly. Without a force people may give up easily. That is the reason we have TOFEL. It is the same as we have midterm and final term. People hate it but still need it to guarantee the quality of study. For me although I do not like TOEFL I still want to thank it because it really helps me to begin a wonderful life here. Furthermore if you are taught in English you can't do it well without learning enough English. If you think the listening part in the TOFEL is hard then a real scientific class in English will be horrible. Your major is the most important thing when you are in school so you can't let the language become the biggest problem. Take me for example. The most difficult course I took last semester is Epidemiology just because it needs more English. This subject is not hard and I even learned some of it before in China. However I can't get everything in the class or I misunderstood many times. In the test I lost scores because I didn't get the right meaning of the questions. On the contrast I did very well in the math class although it is always my weakest subject because I do not need much language in math. Some of my friends in department of Epidemiology find it is hard to do presentation so I think it is totally right that the new TOFEL has speaking test. This test does not mean to make students feel bad otherwise it prevent you from feeling bad in the future. In addition TOFEL as a standard English test is fair to every student whose native language is not English. Some people may say that we do not need English if we learn it well at school but who will and how to decide if a person learns English well. It is hard to judge. In China Students begin to have English classes at least since junior high school. For some people like me English study began in elementary school. Most of the students have taken a long time English school and their level is different. It is obvious that we can't decide a student's second language level basing on the years he has learn it or the scores in finals because time can't represent the quality and different school has different finals. To these students no matter how long they have learned English no matter what score they got in finals the TOFEL is a fair game to everybody and it gives admit committees a good evidence to show how good a student is. For instance some high school students can get a pretty good score in TOFEL while some college students can't even past the test. That is why a standard test is important. Although TOFEL is a test we also learn something from it. The English in TOFEL is a good resource for you to learn how people speak English or write in English. For example in the listening part if you pay more attention to these dialogues you will find these sentences are what you will definitely use when you study in American. Most of the dialogues happen between classmates or friends so when you test your listening you improve your speaking at the same time. In the reading part do not just focus on answering the question because you shouldn't miss these good examples of English writing. When my teacher told me that I should find thesis statement in the first paragraph of an English essay not the last paragraph as in Chinese and the topic sentences are usually the first sentences in the body I just remember these rules as test skills. Finally I thought I need learn something from all these great essays and then I realized I need to write like this. The better my reading was the better my writing was. It is like that I can improve different abilities at the same time. I think TOFEL is also a way to help students learn English better. The opponent of TOFEL might say that it is cruel to decide if a student could study abroad based on a language test. However English is so important especially all the classes are in it that we really need to find a way to know what level a student's English is. TOFEL may not the best way but it is most effective ever since. I think we need to keep it. There are many reasons of requiring TOFEL score and it is indeed necessary. At the beginning it is may only professors thinking TOFEL score is important to judge a student but finally when the student steps on the land of American he will be happy about that he had learned a lot of English before. If there is no better way comes out TOFEL will be the only and best method to help a university if a student is qualified. We should support this great test and try to make it better.
