Towards Digital Society To Be or Not to Be Every thing nowadays started to get E letter as prefix did not you notice You may know email e tickets e banking and other words prefixed with E yet other new words started to get E before it you may not expect them to have it. Have you ever heard of e City e Government or even e Date It is booming these days and getting wider day after day. So what dose it mean to have this E before any word Obviously being electronic! In other words change the traditional way of providing services doing businesses processing data and so on to be in an electronic form. Sounds good but why every one is eager to transform to become in an E form What added value dose it provide In contrast there is a resistance to this revolution from who And why To answer these questions we need to discuss the pros and cons for this issue throughout this essay. If you observe any changes in the new world you will find money behind that think about a lot of changes happen these days new businesses even wars in most cases begin as a result of seeking for money. So in this case where is the money behind this idea Transforming to E solutions can invest a lot of money than the money has been spent. What made some banks to invest more than billion dollars in information technology solutions is worth it since that investment can bring 10 times more than what has been spent according to some IT watch experts IT investment is reflected in improved performance measured using both standard accounting ratios and cost and alternative profit efficiency measures . The same thing in any E solution has been provided it can save money in many ways more than what you can imagine when you hear for a first time about it. Using just an internet connection which you got for free or bunch of dollars you can save up a lot let's take an example to clear that out. Imagine that you want to move from one city to another city which requires you to do the following looking for new home making flight reservations moving your stuff buying new furniture selling some furniture packing your luggage changing your addresses with different companies and government' offices shipping some packages opening bank accounts knowing new friends knowing the neighborhood that you will be living in discovering some shops around your new home and so on and so forth. If you want to do all of these tasks the traditional way it will make you spend so much money rather than that you can do it in no time through the internet. No body actually would argue with how much money we have saved by using the new tech. Even if it requires bunch of dollars at the beginning for small stuff like PC Laptop or internet connection. Well I think up to this point you could not agree more but how can we imagine that some people resist this change The answer is very simple and it is the same answer money yes people who already invested a lot of money on a specific business that can not be compatible with the new tech. Solution they will start to fight this new tech. Unless if they try to be positive and convert their current solution to get along with the new tech. Take for example VOIP Voice over Internet Protocol tech. A lot of circuit switching companies the old tech. Are fighting against this new tech. Even more they try to block the ports that facilitate the use for this tech. Why Because they have invested billions of dollars in the old tech. 'S infrastructure. So if there were no regulator in the telecom market the VOIP tech. Will never be used. However there is another kind of resistance besides it has to do with traditional people who don't want to use any new tech. Thing As to resistance to change It's common but it isn't instinctual in part because nothing about human behavior is purely instinctual everything is a complex interplay between genes and environment. Employees resist change because in the absence of communication they assume the worst. In their experience change means layoffs or longer hours while executives receive the bonuses and accolades. Employees resist change because the information they have tells them they ought to. And with those kind of people it about showing them the pros and cons of using the new tech. Anyway all what we can say is thanks to E letter it saved a lot of money! Besides what mentioned in the previously through the internet today you can do a lot of things that you were doing before much easier. Let's take some examples to clarify this idea using the internet makes you get rid of a lot of paper works rather than going to the library you can look up in the internet and find the researches papers and references in a couple of clicks rather you write your notice in a piece of paper and lose it you can write it in the internet save and access it anytime anywhere. You can send an email in seconds and send it to someone in the edge of the world without paying a penny for stamps or envelops. In a couple of seconds you can purchase whatever you want brand new or second hand with barging or lowest price sight seen or unseen and get it shipped to the front door in a couple of days. You can transfer money review the bank statement make the payments check your balance and take loan in many clicks. You can arrange your trips making the reservations for flights hotels cars purchase tickets make the whole itinerary from one website and with best prices for packages all inclusive! You can call for meeting know is attending and who is not use a clean white board without looking for chalks and meet your staff wherever they were in a couple of minutes. All tasks mentioned above if you wanted to do them the traditional way it such a hassle it takes forever to do them now would anybody argue for the great benefits we get from the technology If so they might be the people who have never experience the great easy we mentioned about using the technology! However thanks again to E letter it saved a lot of time and made our live much easier. In the digital world we actually experience a new world in different prospective it is smart and intelligence world in other words you can do things a way you were not able to do the old way or even you have not think once that you will be able to do it that easy. Let's explore more things you can do the smart way have you ever sought a job before If you did you absolutely know how killing is that job but now you can apply for different jobs while you are sitting on your couch. Moreover you can sell your furniture sight seen without moving it it is a matter of couple of pictures you submit to some specialized websites. Today you can register for classes add drop attend participate take test and pass the course without leaving your home I wish this was invented long time ago! Nowadays no paper work you need to fill out if you want to go to any governmental office that provides its services online even more you might don't need to visit them if you can do every thing online. Much more things you can do a smart and intelligence way with E prefix just think about anything currently you do manually or traditionally and think about it being done the E way it is really the smart world we are so lucky to live through! Although there are some people who did not like it this way those are the traditional people who may have a fear of the technology many old governments' employees are so but the best way to deal with them is the training Ask for a moment of her his time and approach her him honestly and sincerely. Tell your boss you heard about the new technology and need to know how this will affect you. Ask when s he expects the new systems to be up and running. Let your boss know you're interested in any new training that might be required since you're always looking to learn new things. Technology sometimes opens up opportunities too! Doesn't hurt to show you are someone willing to welcome change. Yet not every thing modern is positive since it may have two edges there is an expression says double edged sword this term can be used as an expression for anything that can simultaneously help and hinder as when in sword fighting a person can increase his leverage by putting his hand on the blade which might win the contest but also result in a wound. Some people did not get along with new technology for different reasons cultural low education or other reasons for example some people thought the technology will result in lying off people! But it turned on it offered more opportunity than what expected . Even with the most well educated people the technology revolution is growing very fast people can not catch up today with every new technology it is simply overwhelming sometimes this is undeniable. As a result what should we do towards that Should we stop the technology from new creating new inventions We can not! Should we close our minds with the old traditional ways This is even worse it is simply stepping backwards. Actually people need to live with it try to learn and take advantage of it as much as they can. It is really worth it and every thing on the earth has positive and negative sides. Besides all the benefits that people get from living in a digital world yet there are some negative side effects that may harm the world in different ways according to some new studies. One of the negative effects that may harm the society is collapsing the social emotions between people since every thing now can be done electronically and no need for the people to meet each other or to socialize this starts to make the relationships between people more weaker which may lead to an unconnected society. As a result the people will be more rude with each other even though there is a social networks started to take place in the internet nowadays. These social networks may resolve somehow some results that came out of negative side of digital society. Finally in spite of all the pros and cons that came with the moving towards this revolution we have to live with it not to avoid it and try to get as much advantages as we can and in the other side avoid the disadvantages as much as we can. As a matter of fact the advantages are more and they are covering what may consider a disadvantage. Infoworld Survival Guide Bob Lewis End users' resistance to technology and change is based on experience not instinct Hamlet Prince of Denmark. Philip Edwards ed. Updated edition 2003. New Cambridge Shakespeare Does IT investment improve bank performance Evidence from Europe Universit
