ANON_NAME_0 Last Name May 28 2008 WRITING The king of Thailand his name is Bhumibol Adulyadej. He was born on Monday December 5th at U. S. A. He was finished Bachelier at Gymnase Classique Cantonal of Lausanne. Than his brother death his name is Anande Mahidol that he is king of Thailand at that time. At that time King Bhumibol Adulyadej changed the program to go back to Switzerland for study but this time in the major of Political Science and Law in order to equip himself for government. After king Bhumibol finished study he came back to Thailand for traveling rural areas talk with his people and listen them. For that reason to traveling is lean about problem and correct it and knows situation for at time. Where are many reason of his people love and respect about King Bhumibol Adulyadej. First of all King Bhumibol Adulyadej worries about his people. For instant King Bhumibol Adulyadej is positive about natural calamity because the weather in Thailand some province does not have enough water. So King Bhumibol Adulyadej correct the problem by making the chemical for creating rain when this chemical contact the wine and weather. That is to make his people maintain life. From this chemicals can help his people happy. Second King Bhumibol Adulyadej help his poor people to have works. He have scholarship for his poor people to study Then this people finished study they will back to develop this country. Moreover If this people doesn't want to study his have a area to live and find job for them by teaching how to do their small business. From this situation make his people to became to not poor people. Finally King Bhumibol Adulyadej always protects his people. Sometime Thailand had affected from economy that is money bath in Thailand is tenderer than dollars for that situation make everything is higher price and economy in Thailand is lower. At that time King Bhumibol Adulydej go communiqu ou Sl in all for this reason that is show how to protects help and care his people follow situation. In my opinion King of Thailand is the best and he is my best too.
