Children and Violence Raising children is one of the hardest tasks that any parents could face. Violence issues are nowadays taking a huge part that task. Knowing the main reasons that would lead any child to that is a key element in order to solve this problem. The most two elements that would play a huge rule in that are the violence environment and the media. Stop violence against children. Most of the time children used to behave as what they have been learning from their homes. In many cases children's violent behavior can be a reflection of what they had seen in their environment. The World Health Organization WHO estimates that 40 million children below the age of 15 suffer from abuse and neglect and require health and social care. Children are most vulnerable to violence abuse and exploitation in their homes communities on their way to and in school ANON_URLSITE_2006 . Even though if the violence was not toward the child himself that could affect his behavior. We know that the childhood is a time where any child would learn any behaviors that he witnessed from his environment whether it was good or bad. From a personal experience I had friend when I was in the intermediate school who used to be a notorious child among his peers because he was so aggressive toward any mistakes that his friends would make. He used to insult to involve in fights and many other problems. Once I was visiting him in his house. I noticed that each member of the family has the same attitude that he had. We can see in general that any child who is spanked hit beaten or threatened with violence will have a tendency to become violent himself Research has shown that there is a connection between violence and aggressive attitude from children because of the media which includes television commercial or self recorded video movies video games print radio recorded music computer and the Internet Who are susceptible to such effects. Children between the ages of 2 and 18 years spend an average of six hours and 32 minutes each day using media ANON_URLSITE_2006 . As we can see nowadays violence has occupied a big part of the media. As a result six hours of witnessing violence suppose to have outcomes. We need to spread the awareness among that parents to that to have some control on media's violence and decrease the time period of letting children observing the media. Finally childhood is the time where any one of us has built his personality from. We need know the influences of many factors that would have a hand in our children's life to make sure that we are going to rise great new generations.
