List The famous person who interests me is Ying Jiu Ma. He is the President of Republic of Chinese Taiwan. He was born in Hong ANON_NAME_0 in 1950. He moved to Taiwan with his parents when he was one year old. He went to New York to study law when he graduated from Taiwan University. He got Doctor's degree from Harvard University in 1981. He had many experience of public service. He always keeps the simple life even if he was a chief of Taipei. He went back Taiwan in 1981. At the same time an important person introduced him to the President. Then he was an English secretary who worked for the President. He was honest and upright in politics from beginning to the end. He likes to swimming and running to create the image of young and healthy. I think he will be the new wish to create new economic opportunity in almost people mind who live in Taiwan. The famous person who interests me is Ying Jiu Ma. Now he is the President of the Republic of China Taiwan. He was born in Hong ANON_NAME_0 in 1950. He moved to Taiwan with his parents when he was one year old. His family education was strict when he was young. He graduated from the best high school in Taiwan. Then he majored in law when he studied in Taiwan University which is the best university in Taiwan. He went to New York University to study when he graduated. Finally he got his Doctor's degree from Harvard University in 1981. In the same year he went back to Taiwan. An important person who worked for the government introduced him to the President. Because of his background was innocent he had been arranged as an English secretary who worked for the President to start his political career. He always keeps the simple life even if he was a chief of the Capital city. He has many good images for Taiwan's people. First of all he likes to go swimming and running to create the image of young and healthy. Second he had much experience of public service. Most importantly he was honest and upright in politics from beginning to the end. He won the election of the President early this year. He got most of the people's votes. I think he will be the one to create new economic opportunity in the minds of almost all the people who live in Taiwan.
