Pre write My home is city is Taipei in the north of Taiwan it is the capital city of Taiwan. On the other hand Pittsburgh is in the east of U. S. A. . It is an old city. There are several differences between Taipei and Pittsburgh. Taipei is a very convince city however Pittsburgh is not as convince as Taipei. MRT Convince stores Restaurant Essay I have been Pittsburgh for two months. I love here and I always walk to school. It is because there are a lot of trees on the sidewalks. But the other reason is I hate to wait for a bus. Sometimes it takes me 15 minutes to wait for a bus although it only takes 20 minutes to walk to school. My home city is Taipei in the north of Taiwan. It is the capital city of Taiwan. On the other hand Pittsburgh is in the east of U. S. And an old city. There are several differences between Taipei and Pittsburgh. Taipei is a very convince city however Pittsburgh is not as convince as Taipei. I can tell you why via transportation convince stores restaurants. Taipei s transportation is more convince than Pisstburgh. There is a MRT system in Taipei. Most of people who live in Taipei use MRT as their main transportation. Because there is no traffic jam and traffic light in MRT. You do not need to wait for the MRT more than 5 minutes. It comes ever 5 minutes or in the rush hour it comes ever minutes. We can take the MRT to most of places which we want to go while in Pittsburgh the bus is the only one way that I can use. I need to check the bus schedules and wait for the bus for a long time. The convince stores are pull of the Taipei city. You can see the convince stores every block and even two stores. In contrast you can rarely see a convince store here. You can buy a cake or presents in convince store. We sell everything there. But here you can only buy food or drink here. Most of us buy our food supplies in the stores but in Pittsburgh they buy the food in supermarket. If you are in Taiwan you never feel hungry there. There are a lot of restaurants. And a large amount of restaurants they close at midnight and open in the early morinig. It is different from Pittsburgh.
