The rivers Monongahela and Allegheny in Pittsburg and Daule and Babahoyo in Guayaquil are components more relevant in the beautiful scenarios where these cities born some centuries ago. But each city has it own identity with differences and similarities. In this essay I will try to establish from my personal perspective some contrasts between them about weather organization city and their people. My first category of comparison is the weather. Pittsburgh is located in north hemisphere and his weather is affected by the climatic changes of the countries located to the north of Tropic of Cancer. This fact makes that Pittsburgh has four seasons during the year. In contrast Guayaquil is sited a few mills at south of the equator line which does that only two seasons dry and rain happen every year. The factor weather has advantages and disadvantages for both cities. One example of this can be one person living in Guayaquil never see snowing upon the houses but the same person neither will pay high cost for house calefaction during the winter. The climate of both cities has given specific characteristics in the organization of the city and my second point is to describe how Pittsburgh and Guayaquil are organized. Pittsburgh has an excellent system of public transportation schedule on time and many routes distributed across of the city. Likewise Guayaquil is developing an efficient transport system which includes bus stops in specific places with commodity and safe. Other valid point is the cleaning of the two cities. Both Pittsburgh and Guayaquil have been committed in the decreasing of the pollution and contamination of environment in the last decade. It seems that the bad fame of dirty cities that they got in the past is being buried in the forgetfulness. Even though both cities share these similarities some differences are evident. While Pittsburgh has several tourist places Guayaquil has just two or three tourist locations for visitors. Finally my third point is about the people in both cities. People from Pittsburgh are diverse. Chinese Indians and Afro Americans are the groups most notorious into the city. They live in harmony with the group majority which is white American. In another hand Guayaquil is not diverse. All people has the racial characteristics and the communities of Chinese and Indians are not many. In conclusion both cities are defined by their weather climate and organization. Pittsburgh and Guayaquil are two cities growing up on the correct way of the friendship prosperity and leadership.
