In my country many teenagers play computer games and there are many kinds of computer games. Teenagers may like to play computer games because it is interesting good for killing time and it can be a way to meet friends on the Internet. However playing computer games can cause bad effects on them. There are several things that can cause many teenagers to play computer games and several things that can be caused by playing them There are several things that can make teenagers play computer games it's good for killing time and interesting to play. Many teenagers say that they play computer games when they are bored so as a result they can kill time. Another thing that may lead teenagers to play computer games is that it's exciting if one plays well she can go up to the next level. That may cause teenagers to play computer games. Going up to the next level is not quite important for old people but for teenagers it's important to be in the higher level. If they want to go up to the next level they have to play them and that may make them feel excited. Playing computer games can be good for teenagers for two reasons it can be a way to make new friends and it can be a way to relieve stresses. Usually teenagers get stressed maybe because of their scores relationship with friends or sensitiveness. These can lead them to play computer games. If teenagers play computer games they can forget things that make them be stressed at least while they are playing so they might be able to relieve stresses. Also they can make new friends through the on line games. There are some teenagers who play computer games to meet new friends while they are playing them. However it may be bad to play computer games for two reasons. First teenagers may be addicted to them and that might make them not be able to stop playing computer games. Second playing computer games can lead their eye sights to be poorer. For example Bora who had played computer games excessively when she was a middle school student said that her eye sights got poorer as she played them. She had played computer games at least for 7 hours a day usually until 1 before she became a high school student. She might be addicted to computer games. As a result her eye sights got worse and she often dozed off in the class because she played computer games late at night that also caused her midterm grades to be lowered. The reasons were that she didn't study and also couldn't pay attention because she often dozed off in the class after playing computer games late at night. There are some good and bad impacts of playing computer games. It can be good or bad depends on how people play them. If people play computer games properly it wouldn't be a serious problem.
