When do you live in you life. Sometimes you have some questions who has similar and difference thins than me Why Because every person is interested in finding similarities or difference. Sometimes when I met my friends we always find similar face appearances and felling. That's really funny!! But if you want to find those things you have a good way. Because we have family. Now I'll compare and contrast with my older brother. We have many similar and difference things. For example height body type hair style and so on. It's so funny! Between me and my older brother has many similar thing. What is similar thing between me and my older brother First of all I'm from Asia and we were born in Korea. Almost Asian people hair color's black. So both me and my older brother has black color hair. Second when you saw me in class time and every where. Maybe you can discover about my character because I'm so activity and always try to simile Likewise my older brother so activity and always try to simile. Finally both me and my older brother has similar appearance. Specially nose and eyes really similarity between me and my older brother. If you look at me and my older brother you maybe same think with me. But sometimes you can find difference things between me and my older brother. First of all my height is really too short but my older brother has 185cm height. It's very special thing with us. And if you meet my older brother you maybe find a difference thing because my older brother fashion style is very difference with me. I really like street fashion and hip hop style. In contrast my older brother doesn't like hip hop and street style he likes casual style. So when we go to shopping everyday we make some problems. Finally just I think I'm really fat but my older brother is really slim. So that's really bad because I'm short and fat but my older brother is tall and slim. So now I'm talking about compare and contrast between me and my older brother. Sometimes we can find similar and difference thing in your family. For example body type height fashion appearance and so on. And maybe if you go to the outside with you classmates you can find compare and contrast between you and another person. Even maybe you don't know that person but that's ok. It is just funny and surprise. And those thins give to way of observing people. What are you doing Let's go out side!! And find same appearance hair style and fashion style with you.
