Finishing my postgraduate study in U. S. A or Malysia I graduated from the arab Medical University 1 year ago . Then I graduated the fist on the group . For that reason The General Libyan People Committee of Higher Education gave a scholarship to finish my postgraduate study abroad and I have to choose either United States of America or Malysia . I knew I had a difficult decision to make . Although I had talked to friends who had the same opportunity I could not make up my mind . It was only after I analyzed the similarities and differences between the two options that I finally came to my decision to finish my postgraduate study in U. S . At first glance it seems that both of whom have a lot in common . Both of are accepted by the higher committee of education . The scholarship duration is the same 3 years . Also the teaching system in both of them is run in English. In addition to that both of them have good reputation. And not forgetting to mention that the travel to them is approximately 10 hour fly. Because of that I can not visit my family frequently. It was when I looked to the differences between the two options that I made my final decision . In terms of location or how far away the country I would to choose . Inspite both of them have the similar distance away from my country Malysia is near to Taiwan where two of brothers are living there . In addition to that the in Malysia is more suitable for me because it is located on the equator . On the other hand the weather in the north of the USA is cold and its south is hot . One another thing is that to get visa to Malysia is so easy and it is multientery and we have a Malysian Embassy in our country . On the contarary we still do not have an American Embassy and the visa is a single entery . But when I looked to other more important points like the education system which is more intensive in USA especially in the field of medicine which require from you both A huge medical knowledge plus a good hospital training . Also in USA I will be allowed to work in hospital and I will be payed for my work but in Malysia I willnot be payed . Finally the most important that by the I got the American Board in medicine I will be allowed to work in USA and the salary is very high. But in Malysia I have to go back to my country after I will get the board In conclusion after taking every thing in consideration I think I made the right decision . Since the hospital training program is more intensive in USA and I allowed to work after I will get the board which is the most important to me I will probably achieve more strong carrier and more stable economic life.
