Writing 4M June 12 2008 People have had paintings to record historic events famous persons and religious figures for a long time. However nowadays people tend to use the modern electronic equipment of digital camera to preserve something that has happened in their lives. One of my close friends who made his name by his Chinese style paintings recently presented me a special gift. He had described my living room through his brushes. As a contrast I took a digital photo in the same room as well. It is very interesting to find out significant differences between a digital photo and an artistic painting even when they are used to describe the same scene my living room. Physical details shown in the painting are different from the digital photo. In my friend's work only four colors can be found whereas 1. 6 Million colors are used in the digital photo as the camera instruction indicates. Besides color the digital photo exhibits more items in my living room. For example an electric switch on wall can be easily found in the objective digital picture. However this electric switch has been deliberately ignored by my friend in his artistic work for harmonious reason. Similarly many items in the room have been rearranged elaborately by his imagination. The artist's painting has some emotional expression whereas the digital photo looks unsympathetic. From my perspective the light colors line style and the curtain's wavering in response to a gust of wind in the artistic work illustrate that my friends was in good mood while he was working with his painting. Actually when I asked my friend about this point he quickly confirmed my impression. Meanwhile although there are much more colors in the digital photo I can tell nothing about emotion. It just describes everything in details in the living room with an impersonal way even including the shortcomings of that room as well. The time spent on the artistic work and the digital photo is totally different. Despite my friend's announcement that the painting was just a mini work it still cost him 6 hours. But a digital photo can be there within a click and can be completed easily by a person who knows nothing about painting. Considering the physical details the emotional expression and the time spent on them the artistic painting and the digital photo are distinct from each other.
