Hank 6 15 2008 G5S I grew up in a small town in which has only one elementary school one junior high school and one high school so all of us knew each other when we were children. We went everywhere together and we actually did not have too many secrets between each other. What I am going to say is a beautiful story of love that happened on my friend whose name is Houng while we were studying in high school. First of all we did not know Houng was falling in love with Choo who lived in the dormitory. We invited Houng to go out with us but he refused our invitation more often than usual which is how we revealed the unusual relationship between Houng and Choo. He started dating with Choo but he did not want us knew about this. The fact that he started the secret date was spread but we still pretended we do not know where he wanted to go or what the real purpose of refusing our invitation was. He was so happy with his new life without us. We also enjoyed their new life because the only thing can do in a small town is nothing can do and we were so bored but their secret date brought us a funny activity of investigation. We usually went to a small block tea store whose owner knew all of us well after school. At one Friday night when we were playing poker and chatting in the store Houng told us he wanted to go out for a while and he would come back soon. We were pretty sure that he was going to date with Choo so one of our bored friends ran after him to find out what was going to happen. 10 Minutes late our friend came back. He was out of breath and told us quickly that he had seen Houng and Choo had been walking toward the dormitory. We were so enthusiastic about this. All of us ran as fast as we can to the dormitory and hid nearby and then we saw Houng and Choo came toward us. At the middle of the way they stopped and talked to each other and then they shook their hand to say good bye. They walked away back to back but suddenly Houng turned around and ran toward Choo. He held Choo's hand and pulled back to him and then he gave her a deep and sweet kiss. We were laughing loudly because the fun is that this kind of scenario only be happened or seen on TV program or in the fiction. While they were kissing we ran toward them and shouted congratulation . Houng and Choo were shocked and embarrassed. They tried to run away but it was too late. After that nigh all of our classmates knew about the dramatic and professional kiss in the silver moonlight which is why we call them the best actor and actress. It is a beautiful love story except the part of what we did.
