Once upon a time the Dragon King lived under the sea. He had a serious illness which nobody could cure. One day a turtle which was a faithful retainer heard that the liver of the rabbit living on land was marvelous medicine which dealt with all kinds of disease. The king ordered the turtle to catch the rabbit at once. The turtle went up to the land with the picture of the rabbit. He was uncertain whether he could find her. Luckily he found the rabbit on a tree. He started cheating her with sweet words. He said that he would be a tour guide to show the underworld of mysterious sea. The rabbit was so curious that she accepted his offer. Finally that he took her seemed successful. As soon as they arrived she was captured by strong octopuses and got seated in front of the Dragon King. It was embarrassing that she was in that situation but she tried to be calm. The king ordered the turtle to take out of her liver with a sharp sword. She was too shocked to say anything. However we all know who she is. The apparent fact is that she is the smartest animal in the world. Suddenly she came up with a brilliant idea. She began to speak pretending to be sorrowful. OH your majesty I don't care about my life for you but I'm afraid that I forget to put my liver back into my body after I took a shower. If you need it I'll go home and bring it back right now. The king doubted if her saying was true because he hadn't seen any animals which could take their organs out from their bodies freely. However he didn't know the animals on land so he decided to believe her. He sent her back to the land with the turtle. When they got to the land the rabbit climbed up the tree quickly. She sighed with relief. The turtle begged her to give her liver but she was so upset that she rejected his request. A few days passed. The turtle didn't return to the sea. The problem was that going back with empty hands caused his death. She gave her dung to him saying that it is her liver. He rushed back to the palace with it happily. The surprising fact is that the Dragon King got well from his illness right after eating it.
