These days most people have a cell phone because it is one of the most important instruments of communication in our life. However it does not always affect to us good things. So I will talk about the effects of having a cell phone. First of all what is wrong with having cell phone Scientists were concerned that people have a cell phone because they demonstrated how the cell phone influences people. For examples Prof. Henry Lai 1999 a research professor in the UW's bioengineering department has linked diminished long term memory and navigating skills in rats with exposure to microwaves like those from cellular telephones. Also in 2004 William Stuart an officer of government in the U. K. Denied that the microwaves influenced teenager's brain. However the problems have been reduced currently due to technology developing rapidly. Many companies make and sell cell phones in the world and then try to be the foremost company in the volatile cell phone market. Therefore the companies answered their customers' demands. As a result some companies fixed the problem. For instance the companies made a cell phone without antenna. However they didn't clearly settle the problem yet. Second why do people use cell phones regardless of the problem After the end of the 20 century we ought to have a cell phone. This is because the cell phone helps to maintain relationships with people continuously. For examples we can easily talk with someone on the street by using a cell phone and then we can talk with a friend who lives on the opposite side of the world. Also it is helpful in a business. For example if a company modifies a contract another company should know the problem directly because the company should accomplish the contract. At that time the cell phone is very helpful because they can share information with each other by cell phone. So most workers had better have the cell phone for their business. In conclusion these days we can check our e mail inbox and watch movies on the phone. So people know that we should have cell phones for a convenient life with the exception of a few people. Therefore I think people use cell phones despite their awareness of the problems. References Henry Lai. The result of his research. Dec. 02. 1999. Web site address ANON_URLSPAGE_William Stuart. In the report that is project result about microwaves. Apr. 2000. Web site address ANON URLPAGE
