Cause for the Failure of the Undergrad Grill Restaurant There are three main reasons for the failure of the Undergrad Grill restaurant a lack of experience no variety of food and a small budget. The first reason for the failure is the owner had a lack of experience in the restaurant business. In this case he did not do a marketing research before opening the restaurant in order to know the direction of the restaurant business which was being surrounded by many other competitors around that location. In addition he never did a survey research for preparing his restaurant business goes to the same way about what customers want the best for foods. Due to his lack of many experiences his business was not well responded to the customers. That was one of the reasons why his business was failed. Another possibility for the failure was that his restaurant had no variety of foods. In fact he did not create too many choices of the menu's foods in order to get more attractive to the customers. Basically nobody wanted to eat the same kinds of foods everyday that was kind of boring. Furthermore He had not had either a promotion or a special menu daily to support his business. According to this reason his restaurant had not had any interesting things to get more attractive from other restaurants to the customers. This caused failure to his business as well. The last main reason was the small budget. He could not hire a professional chiefs or servers in order to create the best foods or service to the customers. Even though most of them are the students they also prefer to receive the best things from them. Because of his small budget he could not support what he wanted to do very well for example the environment of the restaurant staff training and providing the variety of the foods. This also caused for the failure of his restaurant because other restaurants was more interesting than his restaurant. Hence many reasons such as a lack of experience no variety of food and a small budget affect his business caused for the failure.
