Running a successful business requires considerations like money location and the amount of potential customers. However a single mistake can destroy a successful business within a short time. Unfortunately in the case concerning a restaurant named Undergrad Grill the failure comes from three different ways than a single one. First of all the lack of adequate advertisement is one of the major reasons which led the restaurant to run poorly. Due to the overestimate on the customers' awareness of this new restaurant Higgins the owner of Undergrad Grill simply had a small size advertisement published in a local newspaper whose readers have never been over 1 000. Thus only very few people noticed this tiny message. Even worse Higgins has not set up any sign to indicate that his Undergrad Grill is a restaurant than anything else. No one could tell what the building served for until he accessed the entrance and discovered that he was in a restaurant. Secondly although the restaurant was in a fierce competitive environment Higgins did nothing to make it different from others. Higgins' Undergrad Grill was surrounded by many restaurants in which people can easily find foods varying from Chinese to Middle Eastern and from Japanese to Italian. Meanwhile Higgins' restaurant had no special character not only in its foods but also in its decoration. As a result of Higgins' poor design rare undergraduate or graduate students had interest to enjoy their dinner in Undergrad Grill. Considering the students' amount approximated 25 000 it was a huge mistake. Finally the foods provided by Higgins' restaurant could not meet the demands of its customers. Because Higgins could not afford a professional cook he had to do cooking job by himself. As a consequence it not only saved his money but also saved the flavor of foods. Meantime the price was high according to the foods' quality. Due to those distinct mistakes made by Higgins from inadequate advertisement the lack of style to unqualified foods the failure of his restaurant is almost inevitable.
