Alvin Toffler who is an American writer and futurist says Third wave . This means that our world is changing to information centered society. In this information era the Internet is the most developed part. Since about 1997 the Internet has changed our world dramatically. Among the various changes this essay will discuss about the effects on business and corporations internet shopping advertisements and promotions and online services. First of all internet shopping is very popular today. The size of internet shopping grows up every year. US online population estimated to increase nearly 50 from 142 million in 2001 to 211 million by 2006 and US online retail sales grew from 40. 4 Billion in 2002 to an estimated 112. 5 Billion in 2006 Jupiter 2007 . In the cases of ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSITE_they have all of the products that we need such as food clothes and houses also. Moreover other offline companies started to join these internet market. Internet shopping malls give more information to customers than offline shopping malls. Customers can find cheaper one easily by using comparing service and preview the qualities of products with other customers' reviews from the websites. In the other hand internet shopping companies can save money. Because internet shopping mall doesn't need land and workers like offline shopping mall. Second much of advertisement and promotion is moving to the internet. 71 Of North American use internet and their reliability are getting bigger Miniwatts 2007 . It means that companies should regard internet advertisement to get interests from customer. Actually internet advertisement market is increasing from 7. 4 21. 4 Billion in 2007 to 13. 3 42 Billion in 2011 eMarketer 2007 . Moreover economic effect of internet media is powerful. Real behind stories and hidden facts of companies are concealed by internet users often. Internet delivers information faster and broader than any other media. Besides it moves people since it contains too many people views and experiences. Sometimes internet makes a company thrive or fail. Finally economic internet has widen their range with services such as online reservation of movie tickets internet banking and online customer services. Who want to buy movie tickets can do it at home only with connecting theater's web site and clicking links several times. Internet banking releaves people from many meddlesome works such as going to a bank and lining up to a banker everytime people shold do bank work. In case of customer service you can check all of your previous questions and answers from the internet. By these internet services not only companies reduce human resources but also customers become more convenient. In conclusion the Internet affects on businesses and corporations with internet shopping advertisements and promotions and online services. In the future the size of internet economy would be bigger and internet may control all of human's economic life. Now is the time we should think whether there exist any hazardous side effects on economic internet area or not. References Jupiter 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_eMarketer 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_Miniwatts 2007 ANON URLPAGE
