Explain the causes of obesity in children. Nowadays obesity in children is rising as a serious problem in the world. According to HHANES surveys 1976 1980 and 2003 2004 children's average weight has doubled over the past 15 years. Children are getting fatter and they can get serious health problems such as Type 2 diabetes heart disease high blood pressure and cancers. And the possibility to be a fat in adulthood increases if someone got obesity in his childhood. In 1997 Whitaker RC stated that approximately 80 of children who were overweight at aged 10 15 years were obese adults at age 25 years. Then what kinds of things made children get weight There are several possible reasons for obesity. The first thing which makes children fat is their changed playing culture. Only a few years ago children usually hung out with their friends and liked to do outdoor sports such as baseball basketball and soccer. And parents spent time with their children and cook nutritious food for their children when they were free. However these days children spend a lot of time playing computer games watching television and eating fatty snacks such as chips and chocolate instead of playing outside and eating nutritious. When both parents work children often have no one to supervise them after school. Which means there is no one to turn off the television and take them to a sporting activity or for a run in a park. Children play computer games almost all day and they seldom do exercise. The other thing which makes children fat is their bad eating habit. Children are exposed high calories junk food such as hamburger and French fries. It is difficult to find something nutritious food to eat outside of home even at school. The school canteen has a lot of junk food. In addition we can easily find fast food restaurants wherever we go. Fast food restaurants are cheaper and they offer everything quickly. Therefore children can enter the fast food restaurant and buy some junk food easily. Moreover if children go to the movies there are tons of attractions such as fountain drinks lollipops and popcorns are waiting for them. Children cannot control themselves. It can be very serious problem because children can get Type 2 diabetes by eating innutritious food. According to the CDC Centers for Disease Control and Prevention one in there American children born in 2000 will develop Type 2 diabetes formerly called adult onset diabetes. Obesity is very serious social problem in all over the worlds. A lot of people having diet problems and suffering disease such as diabetes and heart disease because of getting fat. There is no exception on children. Children get obesity through their bad playing culture and bad eating habit. Not finished D
