Growing Tendency to Marry Later in Japan Marriage is happiness for people. I often heard this set phrase when I was young. However I rarely hear it these days. The sense of value to marriage has been changing with the diversity of the sense of value recently. In Japan while people do not see advantages of marriage increasingly they gradually find disadvantages of it. That causes a tendency to marry later or remain unmarried. The survey of the Cabinet Office in 2001 the average age for marriage is 29. 0 For men and 27. 2 For women. It is getting higher and higher each year. What is making people hesitate to marry Although there seem to be many reasons some main ones are that marriage may lead to financial constraint limit activities they want and not feel inconvenient without marriage. First people seem to think marriage brings them financial constraint. For example before marriage they can use their salaries as they want to and enjoy entertainment recreation gourmandism or shopping for luxury. However after marriage they have to think about their lives and families first. Consequently that results in decrease of expense for entertainment. Young generations who are used to fine life do not want such life so they sometimes hesitate to marry. That is one of the reasons pushing the average age of marriage to higher one. As another example of financial constraint people often need to support their families with their salaries after marriage. However it sometimes happens they do not earn enough salaries to support families. They can predict difficulty in the marriage life easily. Therefore they hold back from it. Family finance issue is one of obstacles to marriage. The next reason is that people do not feel inconvenient without marriage. Unlike Japan of the past most women can have jobs now. They do not have to be dependent on their husbands for their lives. They can live lives alone without problems. In contrast men may also not have trouble without marriage because of outsource. For example if they need meals there are enormous numbers of restaurants or delis. If they need to have housework done they could ask housemaid services. In the past men and women had particular roles in households. Now however they do not always need to ask their husbands or wives the roles because there are outsourcing services if men want and women can support their lives by themselves. The changes of the roles might diminish the significance of marriage. At the same time they tend to avoid trouble with marriage life. Finally other main cause is that marriage can limit activities people want. As I said above many women have jobs nowadays. When the women want to keep working marriage seems to become more or less burden. The reason is that Japanese convention which had started to change a little requires that women do housework and child care because women usually do not have jobs. The custom is still remained in the society and has tacitly demanded that women should quit their job when they get married. Therefore if a woman need to continue her job after marriage she has to do all work housework and child care. Most feel it is hard to balance both work and home. In addition it is common a household is a nuclear family nowadays so that makes married women have a lot of work that they cannot manage well. As a result they hesitate to marry if they want to keep working. Women's lives have strikingly been diverse compared to the past. Their social advancement and improvement in economic power is greatly related to late marriage. Also men seem to feel like they are satisfied with their single lives and can have more spare time and freedom to do whatever they want. They might feel like marriage partly forces them to sacrifice their lives or themselves for their families. Both men and women may think marriage brings them restraint on their lives. Late marriage brings other problems in Japan. That leads to reduced birthrate and it brings aging society and reduced work force and it will reduce tax income to support the elderly. In addition it is said the Japanese population will decline in the near future. It is the spiral of problems. In conclusion the view of marriage has been changing. People already started to think that marriage is not essential for their lives and up to the individuals. There are many singles who are at the right age to get married around them so that also causes a lack of crisis to late marriage to them. They see some disadvantages in marriage life such as financial constraint and limitation of activities. Also they do not feel inconvenient without marriage. Late marriage is not only a problem itself but also it contributes other social problems. It is a current trend and people may not be able to go back as before. However the society definitely needs to make efforts to solve it. For that first people should try to change their views of marriage based on the convention as in the past. That might lead to changing the thought in young generations.
