Imagine our life today without the convenience of the internet. The state of chaos is going to happenin many business companies universities stores and small even small supermarkets. Like situations the advanteges of the internet will be clearly appeared and how much effect on our life today. There are positive effects of the internet which I consider them personally as major effects and there are some negative effects which I consider them as minor effects. The internet has many advantages in many aspects of our life. First of all it makes easier for companies and big stores to market their products. Nowadays each company whatever is big or small has its own website where it can display its products in addition to a facility of direct and quick contactfor any information. The internet plays a very important role on productivity. In 2005 ANON_NAME_0 Hannula states that it seems evident that successful investments in the internet technology should lead to better productivity and greatest productivity improvements are attainable when the internet is used to create entirely new business models. Online shopping is another major advantge that affects our life. Now people would ot have to get uo out of their warm or cold houses or comfortable chairs get in their cars and drive to the store the library the mall or whatever they want to go to purchase the product. They can buy anything from food clothes computers and music CDs by a simple click of a computer mouse and it can be delivered as well. Shopping online opens up a whole world of goods and services. In 2002 John Hogen states that more than 600 million people would have accessed the internet the internet globally and spent more that US 1 trillion buying goods and services onine. Universiy students and professors are rely on the internet to submit assignments and homeworks and to distirbute papers to students and even more to give classes as well on the internet to whom misses the class. These faciliy helps them to save their time money and health in such a sever weather. The internet has some disadvantages
