The Causes for Popularity of Fast Food Restaurants In the US if you want to eat fast food you can find the fast food restaurants in 5 minutes. You can reach it any time anywhere. Schlosser 2001 states that in 2000 consumers in the US spent about US 110 billion which increased from US 6 billion in 1970 According to U. S. News and World Report 1 22 01 odds that an American eats at fast food restaurant on any given day are 1 in 4. Fast food surely gained a high popularity among American. There are three main reasons why the fast food restaurants grow so rapidly. The causes are the change in life style successful marketing strategies and familiarity in children and young people. First fast food restaurants are getting popular due to change in life style. For example wemen started to work and they have less time to prepare for family meals. Also young people don't want to waste time for cooking and eating. They like to enjoy the spare for leisure. In addition Today's people prefer open and casual life style. In fast foos restaurants consumers can see the open kitchen they are free from the formal manners and others. If they feel like having fast food they could get it right away. It also falls I with Today's life pattern. Secondly fast food restaurants have been grown remarkably by successful marketing strategies such as low price convenience accessibility and even good taste. Fast food chains offer food as cheap as possible to attract consumers therefore more people buy it. In consequence it made the price cheaper. They also develop the food delicious and standardize the food. As a result consumers can get it fast and count on getting the same thing every time every place. Moreover they usually open 24 hours so they earn more money. According to their earning money they spread more chains all over the world. Consumers can eat it right there close to them. At last popularity of fast food restaurants has been caused by familiarity for children and young people. They were willing to do their best in attracting children. For example Mc Donald offers Happy Meal Sets which have toys to get children's attention. Ronald Mc Donald was designed to be friendly to children and they set up the playgrounds in the restaurants. As a result children are accustomed to fast food. U. S. News and World Report 1 22 01 shows that an American child eats at a Mc Donald's in any given month are 9 in 10. Fast food make children conform to taste of food so they are familiar to taste of food. Therefore they can consume even when they grow up. In conclusion such a big progress in fast food restaurants greting popular they ate still being globalized. First According to change on life style. Change in preference second successful market strategies such as as
