Causes Of Childhood Obesity Obesity affects so many children all over the world. It has become a serious concern for pediatrician in medical science. It is more common in developed countries but it becomes rising problem in developing countries. Obesity affects children health in many ways make them more susceptible to diabetus mellitus hypertention and ischemic heart diseases. In addition it has a psychological effect. There are two main general causes of childood obesity non pathological and pathological. Non pathological causes represent the majority. Most excess weight is caused by kids eating too much and exercising too little. Children unlike adults need extra nutrients and calories to fuel their growth and development. So if they consume the calories needed for daily activities growth and metabolism they add pounds in proportion to their growth. But children who eat more calories than needed gain weight beyond what's required to support their growing bodies. Regular consumption of high calorie foods such as fast foods baked goods and vending machine snacks contribute to weight gain. High fat foods are dense in calories. Loading up on soft drinks candy and desserts also can cause weight gain. Foods and beverages like these are high in sugar and calories. Inactivity sedentary kids are more likely to gain weight because they don't burn calories through physical activity. Inactive leisure activities such as watching television or playing video games contribute to the problem. Genetics if your child comes from a family of overweight people he or she may be genetically predisposed to put on excess weight especially in an environment where high calorie food is always available and physical activity isn't encouraged. Psychological factors some children overeat to cope with problems or to deal with emotions such as stress or boredom. Their parents may have similar tendencies. Family factors most children don't shop for the family's groceries. Indeed parents are responsible for putting healthy foods in the kitchen at home and leaving unhealthy foods in the store. You can't blame your kids for being attracted to sweet salty and fatty foods after all they taste good. But you can control much of their access to these foods especially at home. Socioeconomic factors children from low income backgrounds are at greater risk of becoming obese. Poverty and obesity often go hand in hand because low income parents may lack the time and resources to make healthy eating and exercise a family priority. ANON_URLSITE_Pathological causes are far less common than lifestyle issues. They include genetic diseases and hormonal disorders that can predispose a child to obesity. These diseases such as Prader Willi syndrome and Cushing's syndrome affect a very small proportion of children. In the general population eating and exercise habits play a much larger role . ANON_URLSITE_In conclusion the problem of childhood obesity especialy in the United States and Europe has grown considerably in recent years. Between 16 and 33 percent of children and adolescents in the United States are obese ANON_URLSITE_. Obesity is among the easiest medical conditions to recognize but most difficult to treat. Unhealthy weight gain due to poor diet and lack of exercise is responsible for over 300 000 deaths each year. The annual cost to society for obesity is estimated at nearly 100 billion. Overweight children are much more likely to become overweight adults unless they adopt and maintain healthier patterns of eating and exercise. References ANON URLPAGE. 79 Updated 2008 ANON URLSITE
