A natural disaster is the consequence of a natural hazard like volcanic eruption earthquake or hurricane which affects human activities. For instance a devastating earthquake can lead to heavy loss of life serious homeless problem and huge impact on a country's economy. Strong earthquake shaking can damage vulnerable buildings dams and other structures causing catastrophic loss of life in densely urbanized areas. For example in the recent horrible earthquake happened in China on May 12 2008 it was reported that 69 185 people had been killed and 18 458 people were missing. Even worse the opportunity to survive of those missing people was dim. In another case happened near Indonesia's Sumatra islands on Dec 25 2004 a strong earthquake whose magnitude was as high as 8. 9 According to the U. S. Geological Survey killed more than 150 000 people. With many home destroyed by a horrible earthquake a serious homeless problem always comes up. For example in the cased happened in China a lot of people lost their families varying from a 99 years old people to a new born baby. It was estimated more than five million people became homeless and had to live in tent in the next several months. Supplying enough food clean water and medical care to those homeless people turned to a huge and emergent problem. Meanwhile a catastrophic earthquake can cause huge impact on a country's economy. In the case happened in China a lot of buildings were damaged and could not be used again. Tearing down those destroyed buildings and rebuilding them require a lot of money. Besides this some industries in the area was damaged as well. Unfortunately those damaged industries are the most important part of Chinese economic system. Thus the earthquake had a huge impact on Chinese economy. Considering the heavy loss of life serious homeless problem and the damage to economy a devastating earthquake has profound effects on human being in more ways than one. A natural disaster is the consequence of a natural hazard like volcanic eruption earthquake or hurricane which affects human activities. For instance a devastating earthquake can lead to heavy loss of life serious homeless problem and huge impact on a country's economy. Strong earthquake shaking can damage vulnerable buildings dams and other structures causing catastrophic loss of life in densely urbanized areas. For example in the recent horrible earthquake happened in China on May 12 2008 it was reported that 69 185 people had been killed and 18 458 people were missing. Even worse the opportunity to survive of those missing people was dim. In another case happened near Indonesia's Sumatra islands on Dec 25 2004 a strong earthquake whose magnitude was as high as 8. 9 According to the U. S. Geological Survey killed more than 150 000 people. With many home destroyed by a horrible earthquake a serious homeless problem always comes up. For example in the cased happened in China a lot of people lost their families varying from a 99 years old people to a new born baby. It was estimated more than five million people became homeless and had to live in tent in the next several months. Supplying enough food clean water and medical care to those homeless people turned to a huge and emergent problem. Meanwhile a catastrophic earthquake can cause huge impact on a country's economy. In the case happened in China a lot of buildings were damaged and could not be used again. Tearing down those destroyed buildings and rebuilding them require a lot of money. Besides this some industries in the area was damaged as well. Unfortunately those damaged industries are the most important part of Chinese economic system. Thus the earthquake had a huge impact on Chinese economy. Considering the heavy loss of life serious homeless problem and the damage to economy a devastating earthquake has profound effects on human being in more ways than one.
