ALCOHOLISM Alcohol is a chemical compound that can be used for some medicines or drugs. However the human can use them in another way. Also it has a long story with the human. Alcoholics might have some causes to not stop drinking alcohol but they have similar results which affect their life bodies and their relationships. Alcoholism is the medical condition of being an alcoholic which is someone cannot stop the habit of drinking too much alcohol such as beer or wine. Some people believe that alcoholism is a disease and some do not. JAMA article 1992 the Joint Committee of the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence and the American Society of Addiction Medicine published this definition for alcoholism Alcoholism is a primary chronic disease with genetic psychosocial and environmental factors influencing its development and manifestations. ANON_URLSITE_. Gallup Poll 1995 www. ANON_URLSITE_found that 90 of Americans currently believe that alcoholism is a disease. There are a lot of causes of this disease. One of those causes might be alcoholic's problems life or alcoholics might start enjoyed with alcohol at the first time then they can not stop it. For example students give many different reasons why they may drink. Some students say they drink because of peer pressure and to be part of a crowd. Some use alcohol to avoid difficult situations that may arise at school and work and with family and friends. Others use alcohol to avoid uncomfortable feelings like anxiety or sadness. Anyone who drinks runs the risk of developing an alcohol problem. A serious problem can develop quickly especially among college students. In addition Dorene J. Phlipot attorney at law said that alcoholism results in impairment of personal health disruption of family and social relationships and loss of economic security . ANON_URLSITE_But even those alcoholics have different causes the result is the same which is that they can not drinking. In addition an alcohol affects alcoholic's body and his life . In the web site of PASE university reported that Immediate physical effects from alcohol include loss of muscle control impaired reflexes vomiting and unconsciousness. Because alcohol goes directly into the bloodstream overuse of alcohol can effect almost every system in the body. Long term use can cause cancer brain damage cirrhosis of the liver weight gain and birth defects if drinking while pregnant. Excessive drinking can also cause serious accidents injuries and death. For example more than one out of every three motor vehicle fatalities involves alcohol and one out of every four drowning are alcohol related. Online library ANON_URLSITE_. However the alcoholics could be treated if they have some insistences and some people to help them to stop drinking. Reference Dorene J. Philpot attorney of law www. ANON_URLSITE_Wilkipedia the free encyclopedia ANON_URLSITE_PASE University online library ANON URLSITE
