Baking and Cooking Baking and cooking is kind of a difficult major. I think everybody's opinion about cooking and baking is different. Some people do not like cooking and baking because they take a lot of time and effort. For example people have to buy ingredients prepare the food and clean up. I agree that cooking and baking take time and effort but when I see the results I feel successful. Therefore I think cooking and baking are challenging but the result is a work of art. When I finished a dish of cooking or baking they were very challenging and successful. I like cooking when I was a child I wanted to be a chef. I think cooking is a kind of art. I can think a lot of food when I start to cook. Every time I cook some foods I feel real happiness at that time. I feel very successful. My family and friends are my experiment mouse for English mean's gmnea pig because every time I like to bring some special food to them. For example some people cook pasta they always put seafood or spinach. It is real Italy style pasta but I like change to my style. I like to put fish boll shrimp boll hot sauce and Italy white sauce. One time I bring my dish of pasta for my friend Is it pasta But it look like Taiwanese fried noodles hmmm tasty like Italy style! It is delicious. My friend said. Baking is other kind of art I think it is very difficult and abstruse. Making bead or a cake are not only using the flour and sugar or water. If person wand to make bread or cake need to put the feeling and love into the cake or bread. Baking a cake is look like taking care to children. People need to remember every action and to careful about the material and heating control. If we put too much sugar the cake will be too sweet. And if we out less baking powder the cake will became flat. Baking something are know how. On food channel my favor cooking show Emeril Live the chef whose name Emeril Lagasse. He is very funny. He said cooking is a very happiness don't worry the results just do it. He is really enjoy when he cook the food. That's why I think cooking and baking are like art.
