The Cause of That People Are Living Longer The present people are living longer than the previous people. It seems to be good for people. However that people are living longer will contribute to the aging of population. This situation will bring about many serious issues. For example the young people will pay attention to take care of the elders so they can not concentrate on their jobs. They may arrange for their parents to the nursing houses but they will pay the expense for their parents. It would be a heavy economic burden. Besides if a country has this situation which people are living longer the government must budget enormous amount of money on medical care social welfare and so on. They will pay most of money for taking care of the elders in their country instead of developing other fields. It might lead this country to loss the competitive strength in the world. Nevertheless that people are living longer is a tendency because the medical technology is developing the standard of living is improving and people have more healthy concepts. First of all one cause of that people are living longer is the developed medical technology. Nowadays many organizations devote to doing various medical researches. The researchers develop a variety of bacterins. They can protect people from suffering from some diseases. For instance a lot of elders inject the flu bacterin so the number of elders who suffer from the flu decrease. This means the chance of the elders die from the flu reduce a lot. Because of these researches doctors know how to cure their patients' illnesses. The patients acquire their doctor's and nurses' treatment and care they can recover their health. Besides the improvement of people's standard of living is another reason of that people are living longer. The previous people emphasized on how to earn money even some of them sometimes did not have money to prepare their meals. Needless to say they could not spend money seeing a doctor when they got sick. Many people died since they delayed to cure. However people's living conditions have improved. Most people have money to pay the medical expense. Furthermore the healthy insurance also can help the poor people to solve this problem. Also the present people emphasize on not only how to earn money but also their environments. They try to their best to have the wonderful and clear life surroundings. It can reduce the occurrence of diseases. In addition that people have more healthy concepts results in that people live longer. Many people have changed their life. They know the importance of nutrition so they will pay attention to their eating habits and food. They eat the light food instead of the high calorie food. Also they reduce to eat fat and sodium because these ingredients will lead to the load of peoples' bodies. Besides people know exercising is good for health. Many people like to go to the gyms or go jogging when they have free time. Because of it they have more energy to face their challenges in their lives. The condition of that people are living longer is a tendency now. With the development of the medical technology many medical researches can help doctors know how to cure their patients' diseases which were incurable in the past. In addition the standard of living has improved is another cause to let people live longer. People have more money and get knowledge to improve their living environments. They pay attention to the environmental sanitation. They do their best to have clean surroundings. Also people have the healthy concepts. They know they should eat the nutrition food and exercise regularly to maintain their health so that they have more energy to solve various problems.
