In Chinese saying students are like warms in the class but like dragons after the class. In Taiwan it is common that university students are sleepy in the class but fill with energy in the night. Everyone knows that is not healthy for body. However it almost becomes a part of the rules of university life to stay up late. What causes them to be used to such an inverse life style Here are some reasons. First of all there are many evening classes in universities which are usually ended at nine or nine thirty. Students go back home or dormitory very late with lots of homework or examination to prepare. However many classes are started at nine or ten o'clock in the morning. Therefore their body clocks are a little late than other people. Especially if they can not complete their homework they will need to burn the mid night oil. In addition there are lots of night lives for university students. One is the student associations or clubs. Student clubs like Scout Association Sign Language Club or Ballroom Dancing usually have routine activities after classes during weekdays and make students go home very late. Moreover if they are holding some specific programs due to preparations they may have to stay up very late. Another common night life is having late night snacks with friends. As American students like to go to bar in Taiwan students like to get together and enjoy late night snacks. Thus it is not surprised that they go to bed very late. On the other hand roommates also play an essential role in this issue. For instance when I was studying in the university living in a dormitory meant sharing a room with another three students. As the result if someone plays music or computer games very loudly he will disturb others. Unfortunately it was a very common situation and I believe that it is also usual today. Even though we can ask our roommates to turn down the volume or to use headsets instead lamps and the sound of clicking mouse may interrupt someone's sleep too. In conclusion since university students in Taiwan usually have night classes student associational activities night lives and some noisy roommates staying up late is a trend among them. Most of us admit that this behavior will lead to discounts of our learning. Nevertheless this is also considered a life experience and a unique stage. Thus the only thing we concern is not to modify it but to achieve our goal and enjoy our university life.
