Jeddah is Different BesmelLAhe AlRahmane AlRaheeM It means with the name of God I start but that was in Arabic Language. How ever it doesn't make any different to me or to you to say it in English Arabic Indian or even in Chocolate cause we all one world ruled by one God and he is the God of Adam and Eve the first Father and Mother our Father and Mother. It is all about how to communicate. That start was written by English because it is the global language and I like it but the pronunciation was in Arabic because I was born in Jeddah and they talked Arabic over there and Jeddah is other name of our Mother Eve. The name Jeddah means in Arabic Grand Mother and it is attributable to the tomb in the city which is believed to belong to Eve. Today it is not even possible to see that interesting place since the Saudi Arabian government had the tomb destroyed for the reason that it would instigate perversions in the religion some people started to pray to that tomb . Jeddah which gained importance during the Ottoman rule was incorporated into the Kingdom of Hejaz and later came under the British control. It joined the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1927. The second largest city after Riyadh it is the main port of the Kingdom on the Red Sea and main gate through which most of the pilgrims arrive by air and sea to perform Umrah Haj or to visit the two holy Mosques. Area inhabited is more than 1 500 km and population is more than three millions. Jeddah is an industrial and active commercial center with modern features squares and courtyards. It is an important tourism center with an eighty kilometer long beautiful Corniche on the Red Sea coast. The Old City with its traditional multistory buildings and merchants' houses has lost ground to modern development but recent generations have come to appreciate its traditions more and many older buildings are carefully preserved. Wikipedia . The city has several popular private beaches including Durrat AlArus Al Remal Shums Bait Albahar Salhia Family Cabins and AlNakheel and too many other resorts where you can relax and forget the world. Popular Saudi opinion regards Jeddah as the most liberal and cosmopolitan of Saudi cities in spite of its historic role as port and gateway to the holy city Makkah . For over one thousand years Jeddah has received millions of pilgrims of different ethnicities and backgrounds from Africa Central Asia Southeast Asia Europe America and Middle East many of whom remained and became citizens of the city. As a result Jeddah is much more different. Different nationalities of Muslims often prescribe to different sects of Islam and the presence of these sects in Hejazi culture has helped make the city relatively more tolerant traditionally. Added to the traditional diversity the oil boom of the past 50 years has brought hundreds of thousands of new economic immigrants and foreign workers from non Muslim countries such as the US Europeans Africa and all Asia. Wikipedia . The world is getting smaller each day technology communication and media are some reasons for that. So definitely the people in Jeddah want to share every thing sweet with the entire world.
