Cause and effect essay The invention of the internet These days people in all over the countries can keep in touch with each other online as long as they have a type of services to hook up with their computers. This service is the internet. According to its development the community of nations is often called a global village which indicates the united world because national boundary has been destroyed by developed communicate technology. Since the internet was invented our society has been changed rapidly. However the change brought about two different results. In positive way our life is getting more and more convenient but in negative way online crimes which are not easy to deal with were created. The invention of the internet allowed us to take part in the environment of unlimited time and place. For example checking account systems are proceeding on the basis of the internet. Thus to check it we do not have to go to the bank directly anymore. Instead of that if we access the website of the bank through the internet we will see the state of our accounts whenever and wherever we want. Otherwise we have to visit the bank according to the business hour. It might be inconvenient. In addition college scheduling systems are coming into effect based on the internet. Since the process of scheduling was changed into a system under by the internet many students have been able to schedule at the same moment. As a result it is not necessary for them to wait for a long time to resister their schedules at school office. On the other hand after appearance of the internet online crimes sprang from it besides its convenience. First of all nowadays we very often surf and save a great deal of information online. However because the internet is being using all over the world we need to use the information carefully and protect our information securely. People sometimes steal or lose their ideas or information through the internet intentionally or unintentionally. For example when I was in my first year in college I bought a skirt at online shopping mall. To pay for it I used my credit card. Unfortunately my personal information flew out at that time. After a month I got my bill which was charged more than I spent. I noticed that somebody used my credit card. Actually the crimes on the internet are not visible so it is difficult to find out criminals. Although new types of crimes were created online we can not avoid using the internet because it has already been a part of our life. In addition it is giving benefits to us. For example the internet created new types of jobs so people could have many opportunities to work online. Sometimes the disable who are not doing well physically could work online environment because the environment does not required many movements to them. Consequently if we use the internet effectively and try to keep the internet in security it will be much more useful tool for us.
