Discrimination In the contemporary time there are a lot of debates conflicts and views have existed long time ago between people in each country. Discrimination is a view which has exited long time ago and it might effects many aspects in any country. Discrimination is a term which means treating people unfairly or in a biased way because of their race sex religion etc. Many countries have been suffering discrimination or racism long time ago. It is something against human rights which has many causes such as bigotry and government power and might lead many countries to poor economic and poor political position. Discrimination was first appeared because of people who are bigoted. These people are very biased toward their view and they are against anyone who does not believe their view or who does not belong to their group. These people become bigoted because whether they are not educated enough or the have nurtured in an environment where many people are biased toward one view. For instance in the past there was a lot of discrimination between Euro American and African America in the United States. However now discrimination between these two races is much less because these people have educated and learned to be tolerance. Governments play a major role in discrimination. Some might be biased toward one group because they belong to this group or they do not want the other group to have some power. This bigotry causes them to act in a discriminative way. Government might show a lot of discrimination in many places in the government. They might not give a chance to other groups to have a chair in government offices parties or ministries. Some governments might even be much worse. Some might not give a chance to other groups to even get their education. For instance in one of the Middle Eastern countries there is discrimination between sects. In that country people who belong to a sect which is minority and different from the government sect were not able to get many things. Many cannot work in government offices or ministries. The problem was worse than that. Many of them could not get accepted in universities or even to work in privet companies. However realizing that this might have a huge impact on the country future made this government start to take a step in solving this problem. Because discriminative government might employs people who are not competent enough it might have many effects on government's economic. If discrimination were excessive in government it will lead the government to poor outcome. Many incapable people will be employed instead of the capable people who might be in the group which the government hates. In addition when there is discrimination in education it will make the education worse. It might not let honest competitions. All of these things will make government's economic turn down. Discrimination deteriorates the country political situation because of two aspects. First aforementioned employing incompetents will make poor outcome which makes the country cannot compete or stand in front of other countries. In addition it might deteriorate the government internal politics by making a lot of debates and conflicts. It might even be worse until it leads the country to a civil war. Overall discrimination is a huge issue which has a big impact on many aspects in humans. It is something against humanity which has started because of people who are bigoted and intolerance. Governments also have helped these bigoted people by showing more discriminative action because these governments belong to the same group. In addition to that discrimination has no positive side. It leads the country to decline its economic situation. It also leads the country to have political problems. It might be even worse and lead to a big conflict. Thus many governments have worked hard to solve this problem and many of them just started to take the step to solve it.
