Autism Autism is a complex neurobiological disorder that typically lasts throughout a person's lifetime. It is part of a group of disorders known as Autism Spectrum Disorders ASD . Today 1 in 166 individuals is diagnosed with autism. It occurs in all racial ethnic and social groups and is four times more likely to strike boys than girls. Autism impairs a person's ability to communicate and relate to others. It is also associated with rigid routines and repetitive behaviors such as obsessively arranging objects or following very specific routines. Symptoms can range from very mild to quite severe. Where does autism come from Is there a cure for autism These are the important information that every person must know. What is the Cause The causes of autism are poorly understood although it is clear that autism is a biological brain disorder. The Autism Research Institute is investigating various possible causal factors. Although genetics play an important role in autism environmental factors are also involved. There is no general agreement on what those environmental factors are at this point in time . Some of the suspected environmental causes for which there is some scientific evidence include treatments have come out since the disorder has grown more visible but reputable doctors have yet to agree on any that will reverse the diagnosis. But there's hope Scientists are hard at work every day finding a solution for this growing problem. Until such cure is discovered parents have been relying on early intervention programs such as applied behavior analysis and play therapy to mitigate the behaviors associated with autism. For some these treatments have proven to be very successful helping kids on the spectrum lead a full and active life. It is important to find effective services treatments and education for autistic children as soon as possible. The earlier these children receive appropriate treatment the better their prognosis. Their progress though life will likely be slower than others but they can still live happy and productive lives. That's why you have to know more about autism its causes and its cure.
