The development of energy sources and the search for alternative sources of energy or clean energy is very important because of their direct impact on human life both in terms of economic environmental and health. So we should convert the old energy to alternative energy to avoid many environment problems. So we can obtain the alternative energy from tow sources. First natural sources such as solar radiation wind power and tidal in seas and oceans and the energy from the movement of rivers water. Second the source of nuclear energy. First Solar radiation important sources of cheap given the wide and spread. There are many models designed to use solar energy such as factories or vehicles but only use extensively is still difficult because of many problems such as difficulty in storage However overcoming such problems is likely. Also It is considered the energy resulting from the winds of good sources for power generation only benefit from the still limited due to the difficulty of storing and uneven geographical distribution are available in some regions does not exist in other regions are not so flexible in their use. There are many proofs that could benefit from the movement of tides along the coast in power generation to arrest the water tidal movement and then used in generating electricity are also underway on some of the Coast in Australia is also there is problem of limited distribution. Also the power generated from water rivers suffer from many of the problems of limited distribution in the regions through which the rivers. Second Nuclear energy sources of energy that man thought long and are available and easy to transport and can be used extensively but it also suffers from many problems that have made use of such a difficult gravity and difficulty of dealing with a very polluted environment if there is any leakage where can not forget the incident Chernobyl which occurred in 1986 in Russia which still problems to the list now. Dispense with the old fuel and contaminated the environment of the things necessary to preserve the environment and on human animal and plant.
