Outline I. Introduction. A. When does it happen b. Why this name II. Body a. Religious activities. I. Zakat al Fitr ii. Prayer b. Social activities. I. Buying new clothes ii. Decorate the house. Iii. Visit each other. C. My plans for this festival. III. Summary. Eid Al Fitr There are two main festivals in the Islam religion. One of them is Eid al Fitr and the other one is Eid al Adha. Eid al Fitr comes at the end of Ramadan. Ramadan is the ninth month of the Muslim calendar year and it is the month for fasting. So Eid al Fitr is the celebration of breaking the fast. Typically Muslims prepare for this festival by doing religious activities and social activities. For example the parents usually buy new clothes for their children and for themselves. Also they buy gifts for their friends and their parents. In addition many women try to cook delicious food such as custard dessert and make different types of juices such as oranges and berries. Furthermore many people usually decorate their house. For instance they might buy new carpet or another piece of furniture or hang up new pictures and balloons. However on the morning of the first day of this festival Muslims often go to the mosque to say a special prayer. Before the Eid prayer begins every Muslim must pay Zakat al Fitr. Zakat al Fitr is like a tax and it is about two kilograms of basic food wheat barley dates or rice which must be given to poor people. After the prayer people usually visit each other and greet each other also the president of each country always speaks and greets his people. For example the president of the United States George W. Bush said I send greetings to Muslims in the United States and around the world celebrating Eid al Fitr. George W. Bush 2006 . In addition there is a special traditional habit and it is called Al Edeah and it is a small mount of money which we give to the children like a gift from their relatives such as father mother sisters brothers grandfathers grandmothers aunts uncles and sometimes from friends. My plans for Eid Al Fitr this year were simple. First I bought new and attractive clothes for my son my husband and myself. Second I didn't have time to cook dessert so I bought a box of chocolate. Third I decorated my house by hanging up balloons. Fourth on the morning of the first day of Eid Al Fitr my family and I went to the mosque to pray and we met our friends. Then at the afternoon there was a party for the children in a restaurant. This restaurant is called Chuck E. Cheese's and it provides delicious pizza and it has games for children. In fact my son and the other children had fun. After that I began to visit my friends. Finally I hope every Muslims had a wonderful celebration and I wish from the god to accept our fasting and our praying. Reference President of the United States George W. Bush. October 23 2006 . Presidential Message Eid al Fitr Retrieved October 26 2006 from ANON URLPAGE
