The issue that some students have job while they are studying is really big problem that is difficult to be solved especially in countries where you have to pay a lot of money to finish your undergraduate or graduate study. In my country there is no such problem because the government sponsors the education system. In addition it is completely free which means that you do not have to pay anything. In regard to my opinion I do not agree that the students should have job while they are studying because of the following reasons they will not have enough time to study and they will be susceptible to many hazards at the work place and the teenagers are not mature enough to face the society. The students who work during the time of studying will not have enough time to do their homework. Also this will affect their abilities to concentrate in the class and so they will not to be able to participate or get involved in the class. In addition even if they were able to do their homework they will do it late at night which means they might wake up late and so late on the class. Also sometime they will be exhausted that they can not attend the classes. If we take all the above factors in consideration their grades will be considerably affected. The teenagers are not mature enough to face the real live because at this stage adolescent stage they are unstable and their capability to realize what is right and what is wrong is limited. They are easily persuaded to do any thing for example they might become drug abuser or susceptible to sexual abuse. In addition they are at more risk to become potential criminals. In conclusion for the above mentioned reasons I do not agree that the teenagers should have job while they are still students. In addition this will have a considerable impact on whole society. I should mention that the education system in any country represent the vertebral column of that country. The best example is Japan within 50 years has become number one in technology all over the world.
