The reading America's New Merchants of Death begins with several typical examples to explain how the cigarette industry attracts the young to smoke. Then the reading explains why they attempt to attract the young and the details about how to influence the young. Since millions adult smokers either kick their habit or die each year the cigarette industry depends on attracting new customers. The methods are various and effective including pervasive influenced tobacco advertisement such as direct TV show underlying brand stretching such as sports sponsorship easy access such as free cigarette in the places where high school students like to hang out sale of false America lifestyles as if most Americans smoke and friends in high places which means sell cigarette through politic pressure. At the end of the reading the author ask people who think that it's wrong for the United States to promote the sale abroad of cigarette to write a letter to the President and urge him to support curbs on tobacco advertising in other countries like those already in place here. Everyone has double standards such as mothers always have bias on their children. So I am not very surprised with the fact in this reading. However I won't support the author. Imagining such situations if America government really curbs on tobacco advertising in other countries like those already in America and the result of this has a greatly bad effect in the author's life does the author still support his ideas An old Chinese saying said when you are full and stay in warm you look grace and desire more on the contrary when you are hungry and cold you maybe want to steal. In my opinion I think the important point should focus on how the other countries deal with this situation. One can't depend on another's kindness to get better live. Such as the example in the reading Japan I don't think Japan should depend on America's kindness that not to impose tobacco advertising on them. They should be stronger to say no to such pressure. Otherwise even in this case America maybe make a concession there might still have another similar case. Maybe external causes would have a big effect but the determined elements are internal causes. In a conclusion I think the most efficient way to solve cigarette problem is other countries government such as China should guide their people not to be attracted by tobacco advertising.
