This article tells about various promotion and advertisement by cigarette companies in Germany Buenos Aires Malaysia and Taipei. America is selling or giving cigarettes to developing countries. The reason why they give them for free is to increase the number of cigarette user. Nowadays total number of smoker is decreasing because some are dead or they just quit smoking. Therefore they are addicting teenagers by advertising or promotions because once they are addicted they will keep smoking. As a result of advertising millions of children are being lured into nicotine addiction. Tobacco advertising is pervasive in abroad by appealing in many ways. Although some countries have banned cigarette commercials on public media they use different items to appeal to children. They sell America's image by making jeans and jackets and even a music store with their brand name. Many countries teenagers want to follow America's fashion or trend so they easily adapt to these advertisement of the cigarette company. Teenagers are not just using cigarettes but they want to feel the lifestyle of America and that's one of the reason they are lured. Also sport sponsor cannot be over looked as a type of advertising. Tobacco companies are using lots of money in these countries. Moreover they are using U. S. Government to open new markets such as Korea and Japan. Public opinion can stop this outrage. Nowadays even though almost everyone knows that cigarettes are not useful teenagers are being lured to smoke. They are not matured to think of the result of smoking. For the fancy advertisement and their desire to adapt American culture they think it is cool to try it. More simply they are just caught to be a smoker by companies. In Korea smoking scenes advertisements in TV or radio had been banned about 8 years ago. I think it is a great decision to decrease smoking percent. When a famous actor smokes in TV teenagers easily follow their stars. They think they are stylish like them if they follow the actor's action. However the biggest problem of smoking is the U. S. Government. As we read government helps the companies to go into a new market overseas countries. Nowadays it is impossible for developing countries to survive without America's support. Thus they are using that power to sell their product cigarettes. This should be stopped as soon as possible so that to decrease smoking percentage in all over the world.
