These days gasoline prices have been increasing so many people have suffered from the high cost of gasoline. What affects to our society due to the high cost of gasoline There are three effects of the high cost of gasoline such as increasing cost of products decreasing travelers increasing alternative resources. First the cost of products has increased due to the high cost of gasoline. We need to buy and consume products which are very relevant to our life. Because the cost of gasoline has increased we have to pay more to buy products. Also the cost of food has increased so we have to pay more in the grocery store and in the restaurants. It is hard to find restaurants that provide food under 10 nowadays. Second travelers have decreased because the cost of gasoline has increased. All transportation fee has increased so we have to pay a lot to use a car or a bus. For example people preferred to stay at home on Independence Day due to the high cost of gasoline so travelers were less than before. Also not only domestic travelers but also abroad travelers have decreased due to the high cost of the flight. The cost of flights is very expensive compared to just one year ago so many people are afraid of taking the flight. While there are some negative effects there is also a positive effect due to the high cost of gasoline. Because many people expect the cost of gasoline will increase alternative resources have increased these days. One of the alternative resources is hydrogen. Hydrogen cars are getting more popular because people don't have to use gasoline for their car. Another alternative resource is solar energy. By using the sun people can use electronic appliances without using gasoline. These are much better for environment so that we protect the earth where we live and where our children will live. As I demonstrated previously there are three effects of the high cost of gasoline such as increasing the cost of products decreasing travelers and increasing alternative resources.
