The biggest problem that my country facing today is the water decreasing. We do not have enough water in my country because my country is in a desert region and our water resources is too low we do not have a lot of resources for water. There are several solutions for this problem for example using the see water passing flayers use the water very wisely. The water problem is considering the biggest problem that my country facing today. Our resources for the water is too low because we do not have rivers and we do not have lakes and my country is a desert region and that's mean it is impossible to find any resource for water and also the rain dose not fall in my country a lot because the whether of my country. People in my country do not know how to use water wisely for example if someone want to wash his car he will bring a bout 35 liters to wash his car and that consider a lot of water to wash a car and if someone want to wash some dishes he or she will open the water and let the water open for thirty minutes to wash some dishes. There are a several solutions to solve this problem such as using the see water using the water very wisely. First using the see water we can use the see water as a water to drink or as a water to wash and we can do this by build a big station for treat the see water. The station can make the see water a very useful water and we can do this by bring the see water to this station then we start the treatment operation for see water by take off the salt from the water and the other things that we do not need it. Then the see water will become a very useful water that we can use it in our life. Second passing flyers that said a bout the decreasing of the water and how we can use water very wisely and we can make some programs a bout the water and the problems of the water and what should we do a bout this problem. Water is very important for our life and we should consider that because if we did not care we will not find a water to drink so I hope from every body to be responsible and to be very wise when they want use water.
