Lately in my country air pollution is a big problem. Because of the air pollution people and animals are damaged and we are living with many difficulties. Even though government is trying to solve those problems actually it is hard to find fundamental solutions. I think to reduce the air pollution in my country we should decrease the using of cars and give some information to the people and establish some organizations. First of all we should decrease the using of cars. Theses days many people have and use their cars. I think cars are the most major cause of air pollution. Instead of cars government should recommend people to take public transportation or bicycles. And government should establish a law that people can not use their cars once a week. Maybe it is helpful to make the middle of city clean. Secondly government should give some information to the people. Many people know what the air pollution is but they do not think how the air pollution affects our life and it is serious. Knowing the problems is too important to find solutions. To give some information government should offer some public advertisements to the people through the media. Besides in school for students government should teach them a consequence of air pollution and how to preserve the environment. Thirdly government should establish some organizations. To perform these ways we need at least one environmental organization which can regulate them how some companies and people keep the rules well. Even though government makes laws and rules if people and some companies do not keep them they are useless. And I think it is crucial to cooperate between government and an organization. In addition a group who wants to take care of the environment like Environmental Protection Agency is a necessary association in my country to protect our life from the air pollution. To sum up by decreasing the using of cars giving some information establishing some organizations we can reduce and prevent air pollution.
