ANON_NAME_0 Last Name These days the high cost of gasoline is hot issue in the world. The gasoline price is increased every year but in 2008 that is increased rapidly. The high cost of gasoline influences our life with 3 effects an economic panic inflation and necessity of alternative resources. First of all the high cost of gasoline influences economy badly. And then it will become an economic panic. For instance after the Second World War many countries promoted their economy and then they made many factories. This is because their new products made life more convenient for people. Then it became industrial revolution and then their economy had been improved due to industrial revolution. However economic growth is associated with gasoline. Therefore people were affected by the economic growth to use gasoline more and more and then that became one factor of the high cost of gasoline. As a result the high cost of gasoline influenced economy again and again. Basically most of companies are associated with gasoline. They need gasoline to make their products so the high cost of gasoline influences the cost of production. Then inflation is happened because of increasing of the cost of production. People can't feel secure by inflation. Therefore government regulates the prices rising but that has a limit. Lastly the gasoline is limited resource. Geologists maintain that gasoline will be stopped to supply to people after the end of the 21 century. From other's perspective the gasoline will run out of gasoline after 50 years. When we run out of gasoline many problems will be happened and then most people will get impacts seriously. Then scientists invented nuclear energy hydrogen energy and the others. The resources have a potential but we can't use that instead of gasoline until now. This is because the alternative resources don't be inspected about safety and efficiency. Therefore the high cost of gasoline brings alternative resources into relief. Sometimes a war is happened between a country and another country due to gasoline. Furthermore a country is separated from the same country. Then it is evident that gasoline is very important in our life. However governments made many policies about the high cost of gasoline for people but the policies soon disappeared when gasoline fall in price. Therefore governments should make a long term policy and we should promote the policy. Also we should find alternative resources that can use unlimitedly.
