Younghoon Last Name 4Q The cause of the high cost of gasoline Nowadays we are facing with critical energy problem that we should solve in several years. But our societies rely on gasoline. The more serious phenomenon is that we don't have efficiency alternative energy we can make. For these reasons there are three main reasons rising gas price that are limited amounts of gas increased amounts of demand and the lack of alternative resource. First of all the cause of the high cost of gas is limited amount of gas. Even though all countries need gas some of countries can produce gas. Therefore some of countries that make gas can control the price of gas. The next cause of the high cost of gas is that many fields like factories are in need of more gas. Whenever you go you may probably use transportations like airplanes and buses. Transportation consumes the huge amount of gas in deed. We also use gas to produce electricity. Especially in summer we consume enormous amount electricity because of the air conditioner. Have you ever thought what clothes are made of It is petroleum. Gas is used not only cars but also many fields. The third cause of the high cost of gas is that we don't have alternative energy like gas that has high efficiency. Now scientists gave attention to alternative energy. But these types of alternative energy have some risk. For example wind energy is restrictive because when we produce electric with wind there are only some places that have enough wind power. Today only one percent of U. S. Energy comes from wind. Next considering energy is a nuclear fission. But it also has some weak points. Nuclear fission makes enough energy but if a nuclear power station were to have an accident human beings would meet a big misfortune. Finally solar heat energy is worthy of note. Solar energy is infinity but we can't accumulate solar energy of good efficiency yet. Another weak point to use solar heat energy is that instruments are too expensive. In conclusion there might be the cause for rising gas prices in main three reasons. This phenomenon affects our various fields obviously. Of course you can consider other factors of causing gas prices. We should try to find alternative energy in various perspectives. If we used gas so carelessly the gas prices would be more expensive. Then the world's supply of gas will be almost gone soon. Therefore the best way to control rising gas price is to conserve energy.
