Nature disasters always cause huge hazards to human beings. Recently a powerful earthquake in central China toppled buildings schools and plants killing more than 60 000 people and trapping untold numbers in mounds of concrete steel and earth. Although the devastating earthquake has profound impacts upon China Chinese people try to recover from this tragic event in diverse ways. First of all to soothe the pain of the children who lost their parents it is important to provide them with family care. The earthquake was powerful enough to be felt throughout most of China. Many people were buried under the rubble of the devastated buildings. As a consequence many children became orphans. Those children who lost their parents feel hopeless and always stay in a corner without speaking a word for a long time. They cannot go back home because their house were damaged. There is not greeting at the gate of the school by their fathers or mothers a common scene in China. Not only because their schools do not exist but also because their parents have gone. Providing those kids with family care is the most crucial task that the government should regulate. Actually some children were adopted by people from various regions. Fortunately for them they gain families again. Secondly rebuilding the damaged cities becomes an important concern. In the case of China the approximate of half a million people have had to live in tents in the region where the earthquake happened. Providing them with enough food clean water and adequate medical care are emergent matters in short term. However in the long term perspective the best solution to handle those complex problems is to rebuild the damaged cities. The rebuilt cities are supposed to provide the victims with all sorts of facilities that can meet their demands of food clean water and medical care. Meanwhile updating construction quality standards to reduce the potential damages caused by nature disasters should certainly be taken into account when people are going to rebuild their home. That is the most important aspect what we have learned from nature disasters. Finally to establish a long term plan to help the victims is the key point to decrease the hazard caused by the earthquake. As a consequence many people lost their jobs or businesses after the tragic day. Without establishing an appropriate long term plan to help them they might quickly be trapped in poverty. Nevertheless different government departments should cooperate to provide a feasible long term plan for those people. The long term plan which is supposed to come to light in a short time should incorporate with special tax policies economic developing framework in the local area relevant government finical assistances and job opportunities for the victims. When the victims can lead easy lives we can say that they have recovered from the disaster. In conclusion although the tragic earthquake has affected many people's lives there are different ways of soothing their pain. Providing orphans with family care rebuilding damaged cities and establishing a long term plan to help the victims definitely contribute a lot to people when they are engaged to recover from the disaster.
