The raising of gasoline price has become a major issue to the whole world because gas is undoubtedly one of the most important resources to human beings and the shortage of it would definitely cause a huge mess in our daily lives. There are three main reasons cause the raising of gasoline price. First of all we often abuse our natural resources in this case especially gasoline that in the long run the supply is unable to meet the demand. Nowadays people rely on gasoline on almost everything including clothing living products transportation and so on. For instance every family in the America has a car and some even two or more because it is such a big country and living without a car is almost impossible. Due to this reason people easily consume a good amount of gasoline regularly. We are all aware of the fact that all the natural resources on earth are limited. As soon as depleted they might not be replenished by any means anymore. This suggests that we should find some alternative resources. Although scientists attend to develop new resources such as solar energy or biomass yet unfortunately it does not solve this problem because the technological technique that human begins can achieve so far are still inadequate to accomplish this task and also the price donated in this development turns out to be much higher than using gasoline. Secondly the political issue between Middle Eastern countries such as Iraq Kuwait and Saudi Arabia also influence the stability of the supply of gasoline. Thanks to the abundance in their underground natural resources the Middle East has become the major gasoline supply area in the world. Therefore countries in this region often fight for boundary issue in order to gain more gasoline resources. During the past ten years the Middle East has not stopped warring and the price was accordingly unstable. When a war started it means that the price for gasoline will go up all around the world. The last but not least factor that affects the raising gasoline is the change is weather. For example in Mexico the gasoline production in year 2007 is 10 less than the year before due to a hurricane that destroyed the equipments that refine crude oil. And that also inevitably made a remarkable impact on the international gasoline price. Even though the human begin are not in full charge of the weather yet what human developments have done to the nature has already resulted in serious weather change such as the notable hot topic global warming. This means that we all have the responsibility to take the consequences which is a gasoline shortage in sight. To sum up the raising o f gasoline price is mainly result from the increasing demand unstable political situation between the countries who own the most resources and also the change in global climate. We need to figure out how to fix those problem soon enough or else we will soon be running out of gasoline and that would definitely be a major disaster to all human begins.
