I was born in the big Russian city Novosibirsk June 25 1983. The day before my mother had her birthday. She made nice gift herself the daughter. My parents already had one daughter two year old. We lived together with my grandmother in the small apartment. At the age of three I began to go to kindergarten. We learned the alphabet counting different kind of art we sang danced painted. I went to kindergarten four years. Fourth year was preparatory period for the school. In 1990 I began my study in a school. At the same time we moved to a new big apartment. I was at school ten years. During my study I was the good student. All ten years I participated in the choreography class and I painted. I liked to paint so much! I didn't have any special classes for painting but I painted at home every day. My favorite class in school was French. In the last year of high school I had to choose a major for my study in the university. In Russia at first we have to choose our major after that we choose the university especially for a major. After that we have entrance examinations and if we have a good grade we are admitted. I had a difficult choice for my major between painting and French. Finally I chose painting. I tried to join the university but I didn't succeed my examinations. At the same time I had examinations for the college of art and I was admitted. University and college in Russia are different educational institutions. At the age 17 I started my education of art. During my study in college I painted and drew many hours every day I learned world history of art I did design and decorative art. My skills became mach better. I studied four years. In 2004 I completed college and was admitted in university. In the meantime I began to work. After my classes I went to school of art for to teach children. Besides I was a decorator for the school of art. During my study I continued to learn French. In 2006 I met my future husband. In April 2007 he began his study in United States of America and I began to learn English. In November 2007 we got married in Russia. In June 2008 I completed my higher education and I left my parents my home my friends my country for to go in another country and to be with my husband.
