Title Pressure of an international student . Introduction A. Background Information According to the Institute for International Education International college students struggle with more pressures than students who attend college in their own country. Korean saying Leaving home is suffering. B. Thesis statement There are several reasons why it is difficult to living in another country as an international student. . Body A. First Supporting Idea Topic Sentence culture shock 1. Student teacher relationships 2. Foods B. Second Supporting Idea Topic Sentence pressure from education 1. Language problem 2. Grades C. Third Supporting Idea Topic Sentence pressure from financial states 1. Scholarships 2. Tuition fee . Conclusion To overcome pressures you should take a break from stressful situations Recently the number of international students from all over the world has increased steadily. Being an international student will be indeed a unique experience in your life. Meeting new people and making new friends from all around the world will wide your eyes and heart. According to the Institute for International Education International college students struggle with more pressures than students who attend college in their own country. People sometimes say Leaving home is suffering in Korea. It means that how living in other countries is very hard except at my own country. Most international students feel pressures while they are studying abroad. There are several reasons why it is difficult to living in another country as an international student. First of all one of the factors of pressure among international students is culture shock. All international students will experience plenty of culture shock. It includes the shock of climate dresses foods and relationships etc. When I first came to the U. S. A I always suffered from stress because of culture shock. I felt that student teacher relationships in U. S. A are not the same as they were in Korea. For example in Korea students never call their teacher by their first name because it is not respectful to the teacher. Also when I ate English foods at the first I felt them strange. It tasted different and was cooked differently compared to Korean foods. Another factor of pressure is education. Language problem is the cause of this pressure. When we study in another country speaking foreign language is essential but learning foreign language can be very hard. International students have more assignment than native students. It takes a long time. Thus this means we have to spend extra time studying it. International students put out a lot of effort trying to earn good grades because they need fluent English skill to apply to an American university. The survey shows that international students struggle with completing essay examinations and taking notes during lectures due to their limited language proficiency. Finally financial states will bring pressure to international students. Money plays a more important role in the lives of international students. International students suffer from the burden of expenses related to their studies such as books stationery tuition fees living expensive scholarship etc. They want to get good grades and want to have higher scores than their friends to receive scholarships. Studying abroad is a wonderful opportunity to further your education. However some international students have difficulty in paying tuition fee. This may mean that they have the time to take on a second job or work long hours. It causes them to lead to failure of their course. In conclusion the factors of pressure among international students are culture shock pressure from education financial state. To overcome pressures you should take a break from stressful situations. Activities like listening to music talking to a friend drawing writing or spending time with a pet can help you to reduce pressures.
