Main Topic International students feel pressures I financial problems saving money management of money II educational problems exams before coming to the U. S exams during living in the U. S III people teachers host families Have you lived in foreign countries If so you might have felt some pressures. The pressures of being an international student give you a good or bad effect but most of those who are the international students unfortunately feel serious pressures from their financials some examinations and other people in the foreign country especially the U. S. First you have to get enough money to go to the U. S. For instance you have to think and calculate how much money you will need in the U. S. And you must earn the money as much as you can before going there. Moreover you also should estimate how at least much money you can spend a day a week or a month during living in the U. S. And consider which of categories is the most important for your daily life foods transports clothes living or text books though you have not experienced the life in the U. S yet. Therefore it will bother you when you save or use money in the U. S. Second some examinations annoy you before and during being the international student. You are student in the U. S. And take some examinations such as placement tests quizzes final examinations of your courses. Eventually you must study very much in order to get high grades in your courses. In addition you will probably take other examinations of some qualifications such as the TOEFL and the GMAT after graduating from university or finishing some programs. After all you are always thinking about the preparation for schedule and results of exams. Third you feel some pressures from other people too. At first your teachers actually give you a lot of homework make you prepare for some projects ask you some questions and make you write some papers in the classes. Your classmates sometimes could be your competitions in your classes and also give you a sense of jealousy. If you live in a host family they might be worried about you so much that you will get nervous scared for them and then dislike them or that they will impose you how you their ways of living in the U. S. In short whoever is around you is likely to trouble you. In conclusion financial problems before going to the U. S or during living there some examinations you must or might take and people who are around you will be some factors of seriousness while you are the international student in the U. S. As I mentioned above. It is crucial experience for you to be the international student. However there have been more effective methods to solve the problems than before. We can find many scholarships to support you now and can visit counseling institutes like a hospital and facilities to study well and can also ask persons who can advise your study in the schools and universities. Never solve the problem by yourself or escape from the difficulty you are feeling. You can change the stress into good motivation to success your life.
