Pressures of Being International Student outline 1. Education we need dictionary when we study it is difficult to get scholarship for their status 2. Status can not work full time pay tution fee much rather than native 3. Culture Shock don't have family do it your self about every thing making friends is difficult Pressures of Being International Student essay . Version 1 In modern society many students of the world have been choosing abroad study. The reason why they choose abroad study is various. One of the best their goal could be getting better life in all kinds of view. However even though it encourage the students have various opportunities in their work it is obviously not easy to succeed in new enviroment. At first the most difficult thing is language. As they want to study they have to bring a thick dictionary. Moreover it needs long time to make time shorter. Especially college or graduate school international students are asked to know many complicated and difficult vocabularies because depth of study is so deep. And for example in America most native students can receive loan from bank for tution fee. However it is almost impossible that international students to receive it. So most international students have to prepare their tution fee before they come to college. For instance in their country if they do not have enough money they can make money in extra time as even being student. But in America it is almost impossible because it is illegal to make a lot of money as being international student. Their status often give them big problems. International students do not need to pay tax like native. It means they are in difficult to receive support from the country's government. Although it depends on the school most schools ask international students pay too much than native. There are many types of various problems in other enviroment to international students. Sometime there is time that it comes to the students that invisual big problems. Do It Yourself it works continually for international students until they finish abroad study. Usually they do not have family. It means that everything in front of them is solved by theirself. If some students have good friends in there surely he is very lucky. However in abroad it is not easy to make friends because here has different culture and many type of race is with me. Every time when we meet another country's people we have to prepare to understand them. So that is why it is not easy to relax be with another country's people. In conclusion we have seen many kinds of pressure of being international student do not they know about these kinds of problems. They know very well above of all the people. Nevertheless they are going to abroad to study. It is clear that they believe the problems are easy to solve it. However I think it is best factor of success of abroad study. No pain. . . NO gain.
