There are many differences between the culture in my country and United States. And it can be seen in education system social and economy. The education system in my country is different from US education system in that in my country the study is free from the preschool until the end of the University while in USA it is free for the preschool and up to the secondary school. Also the books in my country are either free or with discount in all grades while in USA the books are free until the secondary school. And in my country there is less number of teachers in all fields especially in the University while in USA there are a lot of teachers in all fields. About the organization of the education system it is more organized in USA than in my country that is because in my country the teachers are not highly qualified and because they get a little salary they don't concentrate on their teaching and also the government in US spend much more money on the education system than my country government. Also there is a lot of differences in economy between my country and USA that is because in my country there is low salary and the expense is less also the government depends mainly on the oil and there are less number of factories on the other hand in US there is high salary and more expensive also the country depends on many things like industries or factories for every thing. About the social differences in my country there are a lot of social events. The people meet each others in them and the people visit each others without any appointments and the families are very close to each others and the sons may stay and get married and live with parents forever And the marriage is very expensive there and there are many social associations in my country. In contrast in US the people are very sociable but they should take an appointment before each visit and there are less social events. The marriage is not expensive and the families are not very close to each others as in my country. Also there is less social associations. In conclusion there are a lot of differences in economy social and education system and this is may me due to many reasons like the country size religious differences the population number and customs.
