COMPARISON AND CONTRAST OF INDONESIA AND MALAYSIA Indonesia and Malaysia are two countries which located in South Eastern Asia. They are a part of ASEAN members. In general both of them have a similar language called Melayu . In talking about their similar and different they have some aspects that regarded the education social life and government of the two countries. Firstly I considered about the education. Both Indonesia and Malaysia are similar in education system. It can be see by their grade of every school. They begin their school at pre school and finished until higher education. In other things that both of them have a different kinds of curriculum whether Indonesia concern to the National curriculum and local one while Malaysia just concern to the national curriculum. The most important things that in Malaysia have been use English as the first language in teaching and learning process while Indonesia just use it as the second language. That is way most of students of Malaysia are speaking in English in their daily activity at school. This issues are unfamiliar in Indonesia so that it show us education system in Malaysia and Indonesia has a big different particularly in teaching and learning process. Secondly about their social life. Both Indonesia and Malaysia has a similar of social life. It can be see by their clothes. Most of women in two countries are wearing veil in their daily activities and they have similar in religion. It happened because of both of them are majority of Moslem. In contrast they have a different ethnics whether Indonesia has hundred ethnics that spread of from west to east or Indonesian said from Sabang to Merauke . In Malaysia they just have three bigger ethnics namely Malay itself china and India. Thirdly about their government. In many ways they have a similar structure of government particularly in ministry levels. But in contrast they have a different in a top level of their governance which Indonesia lead by President and Malaysia lead by Prime Ministry. Beside that they are different in Parliament whether Indonesia has bigger amount of parliament that spread of from regency to the national while Malaysia only in the national level. In conclusion after reading some references I think both of countries have several similarities in three aspects. But they have also different in three of them. In this paper I concerned only three aspects education social life and government.
