Culture Shock In my opinion culture shock means the feelings and reactions people show when they encounter an entirely different culture or a foreign social environment. Different characteristic people have different feelings and reactions and even if for an individual the feelings and reactions are quite dissimilar at different times. It expresses in a variety of aspects in the routine life of the people who have been living or working in a foreign country these include language greeting communication food custom habit religion thought or system. The feelings and reactions are divided into two types one is positive and the other is negative. When they just come to a new environment the majority of people will response positively they will be pretty curious and excited about everything so that they are eager to experience them. For examplethey eat various kinds of distinctive food in the different restaurants they are active to talk to native people and they go to stores to know how the stores look like inside or how the salesman sell the merchandize rather than to buy something. After a period of time only a few people still keep enjoying the new things. I think these people must be kids or early teens because they're very young and they haven't formed a mature mind so they go through the new culture just like to study the new ideas the teachers explain or learn how to play fresh toys and games. However quite a few people will find that things aren't going on as well as they imagined and according to Dr. Carmen Guanipa 1998 they will be undergoing a hard time from confusion to disappointment and then to depression and next to low self esteem at last to unhappiness. This time can be a negative period. With what attitudes do people react in this negative period Some people will find some efficient way to solve this bothersome problem. They begin to face the weird culture again and they recognize why they feel uncomfortable in the foreign culture is because they find it is quite contradictory to their former culture. At this time they should learn to temporarily forget their original culture so they can face analyze and understand the new culture objectively and correctly. Step by step they change their mind to accept and get accustomed to the new culture. This can be a positive result. On the other hand many people are still exposed to the hard time and Dr. Carmen Guanipa 1998 implies that culture shock has been a disease that seriously effects these people's health study and work. The overseas life will be more and more passive and meaningless. What method can assist these people to overcome the culture shock To my mind each person experienced frustration while growing up so he should consider how did he pass through it For instance when he failed in a vital test or match he encouraged himself and did his best to pass the test or win the match the next time when he met an annoying problem or felt nervous and stressful he took part in his favorite activities in order to forget the annoyance and relax himself. What's more a couple of psychologists give some efficient advice to help people get through the culture shock. Dr. Carmen Guanipa 1998 suggests develop a hobby be patient maintain contact with your ethnic group maintain contact with the new culture learn the language establish simple goals and evaluate your progress find ways to live with the things that don't satisfy you 100 maintain confidence in yourself relax and meditate. In conclusion culture shock is an unavoidable experience for the people who have gone abroad. Following the above advice they will gradually get over this difficulty culture shock and face their overseas life actively. Reference Guanipa Carmen. March 17 1998 . Culture Shock. Retrieved October 21 2006 from San Diego State University Web site ANON URLPAGE.
