Real Madrid and Barcelona Football Clubs for more than 100 years the the two biggest regions in Spin Castilla and Catalonia and there capitals Madrid and Barcelona respectively have been fighting on the who is the best. Whither its culturally socially politically or even in sport in the past things got a bit bloody in the era of the late dictator Franco and that's why now days any game between the two teams is something to watch. El Clasico is what is used to describe the match between the arch rivals Los Blancos Real Madrid The Whites in English and El Blaugrana Barcelona The Blue Maroon no matter where you are in this world if you are a soccer fan you need to pick a side between those two and I did that along time ago. The two giants share a lot in common they might don't like that but these are some of the facts both teams share with another team Atlatic Bilbao the honor that they have never been relegated to the second division in there long history. But what really make those teams different from any other club in the world not just in soccer but in any other sport is the fact that they are 100 owned by the fans no company or rich billionaire owns the club and thats way we feel like a part of the team. The differences between the two clubs are more than what we can count and they go all the way back to 30's and 40's. At that time Franco's regime suppressed all the regions in Spain because of that catalonia decided to rebel against him and so they came up with there own language and there own flag and until this day in Barcelona they speak Catalan not Spanish. Another different is that Barcelona is the only sport team in the world that dose not display any advertising on there shirts. One of the biggest differences between the two is that Barcelona focuses on bringing the big names to there regardless of the team needs while Real Madrid brings players based on the couch needs. Looking back at there history since there first match back in 1902 you will easily know that when it comes to winning titles there is only one team and thats Real Madrid. With 58 national titles and 18 international including a record 9 European cup. Real Madrid is by far the dominant team in the world and thats way they were named the club of the twentieth century.
