Which is a better pet Many people keep pets for enjoying their life with pets. Cats and dogs are the most popular pets. It's difficult to make a decision which animals you are keeping. But they have several common features and different features. You may chose one after know those features. I think cats are better animal as pets because they are more independent pets than dogs. First of all both animals have convenient sizes as people's pets. It is easy to play and live with them because they aren't big like hippos and they aren't small like ants. And one more convenient thing for us is their living place. They can live people's houses so we don't need to prepare big pools or caves for them. In addition their common attractive point is shape. They wear fur and it makes then look like cute dolls. Moreover it's obvious to heal up people's tired hurts after we watch their action with furry shapes. Second they have differences which are based on their ancestor. First their instinct is difference. For example dogs are pretty loyal for keepers because they used to belong to a pack and lived together under a leader's control so they follow keeper's orders. In contrast cats have been loners they've decided everything by themselves so they don't care about keepers but they are loyal for feeders. Dogs will ask you to play together but you will ask cats to play together. As for taking care of them dogs need more people's hands than cats. In fact they need to walk for out with keepers and they can't clean up their body furthermore they can't take care of their poops. Keepers need to help them. In contrast cats don't bother keeper's hands. They walk for out alone clean up their body themselves and bury their poops. In conclusion people keep pets because we want to add a little bit fun for to our lives and dogs and cats may supplement fun with our lives as pets even though they have some differences. If you are planning to live in harsh area alone you'd better chose dogs but if you aren't I recommend cats as pets with less care needed.
