Topic Food and habits Purpose To explain my impressions on similarities and differences in foods habits Last August I arrived to USA from my country Chile my first impression was amazing because all things were so new for me here specially the language. I was worry about that because this is my first time in a country where all the people speak English but to my surprise that wasn't the biggest complication the worst begun when I ate my first meal in United States. They are so many similarities and differences at the same time relative to food and habits. The similarities to my surprised were the ingredients. We have the same ingredients for everything the same vegetables the same fruits and meats are the same too for example beef chicken pork lamp fish etc. The basic group of ingredients is the same which made me very happy. Then when I checked the menu was splendid because the name of dishes are the same too maybe the names changed just a little for the translations but the main idea was the same for example the salad was prepared with the same vegetables the barbeque with the same meats. All was perfect to me until I ordered my dish there started the differences. The most notorious difference was the preparation we have a completely different way to cook. In Chile we use to bake many of our dishes and here almost all the dishes are fried actually my biggest surprise was when the waitress gave me my salad and I saw the French fries inside. That was so strange I never saw that before strange but delicious. After that the waitress gave me a full bowl with dressing for my salad many kind of dressings with different flavors for all kinds of taste we just use lemon juice salt and a few drop of olive oil for dressing the vegetables. That experience was delicious because that day I tried almost four different dressing for my salad. Another difference was the kind of food that composes each meal. For me is really complicated to eat bacon with fried eggs for my breakfast. I would prefer a cup of milk with a fruit or maybe a slice of bread with butter. Finally in my opinion we have similarities and differences about food and habits but that is the best part because I can experiment new flavors new dishes with the same ingredients and that is terrific and the most important I can learn a lot about the costumes and the culture in the USA my new home for a couple of years.
