These days I'm studying English in the ELI Program. It starts at 10 o'clock and ends at 4 o'clock and after school I have some homework from each classes. So as you can imagine my weekdays usually run pretty fast. In contrast there is a plenty of time on weekends but I don't have any idea to spend this free time. I want to do something special which I've wanted to do for years. And I thought about taking pictures and painting. However I couldn't make decision right away because both of them seem like a lot of fun. It was only after I analyzed the similarities and differences between the two activities that I finally came to my decision to take pictures from this weekend. At the first time it seems that taking pictures and painting have a lot in common. First of all both activities show the same place wherever I pick. I can take a picture at the top of the mountain but also draw a picture at the same place. In addition after doing both activities I can keep the photos or paintings as a record and both of them will help me to remind at that moment. Lastly pieces of art such as photos and paintings can be shared with or given to other people as a present. I think this is the most exciting part from these two. It was when I looked at the differences between the two activities that I made my final decision. In terms of touching up a painting can be changed or fixed easier than a photo. Of course we can adjust a photo by using a computer program but we can't change it while we are taking. Besides a painting can be colored variously whatever I choose but a photo comes with exact same colors of the real things. Not only the colors but also all of the affairs are showed more precisely in the photos. But I realized that these should not be the most important factors in my decision. The most important thing is time. If I paint something it would take more time than taking one photo. On the other hand taking pictures can be completed in shorter time and also by several times. Especially in case of a polaroid camera a photo comes in a second and shows the scene in a minute. That's a big difference. In conclusion after taking these factors into consideration now I know what I'm going to do. Since accuracy comfort to take anytime and anywhere and reminding me the special moment by showing it in visible I think I can have much fun through taking pictures.
