I have been living in U. S. For 11 months. Many times I feel it is difficult to adapt to my way of life in the new environment. It is matter of course that South Korea and U. S. Have many differences about several issues. It is fact there is many differences between issues of South Korea and U. S. First South Korea and U. S. Have difference food style. Although Korean usually eats rice American eats bread. Korean just eats bread for dessert. Besides Korean uses chopsticks when they eat food so they have manner of chopsticks. On the other hand American use fork knife and hand. When they eat steak they use knife and fork. When they eat hamburger or pizza they use hand. Sometimes we can see using knife or fork eating food in Korea but Korean does not use hand. Korean thinks breakfast is the most important meal but American does not think that. American thinks dinner is the most important meal. Second South Korea and U. S. Have difference a view of international. Even though the size of Korea is very small U. S is very big country. The size of Korea is similar with PA's size. It means Korea is very small. I know U. S. Is the third of biggest country in the world. Nest Korean population is just fifty millions but the population of U. S. Is three hundreds millions. Last Unlike South Korea U. S is very strong and rich country. Finally South Korea and U. S. Have difference culture. First of all the way of counting ages in South Korea and U. S. Is different. In Korean opinion before people born from mother they get one age so when Korean bear their age is one but American does not get age. Next Korean usually uses bow when they meet people but American uses hug. Korean just uses hug with couple and family. Last the term of Korean president is 5 years while American is 4years. The president of Korea can not become president again the president of U. S. Can. For these reasons I think both countries have many different things. However both counties have their own the culture of society so we can not say which is better. I think although we have different culture we should respects another culture because all of people have equal rights.
