Eating food plays an important part of daily life because everyone should eat at least two times a day. Eating food can not only provide nutrition but also bring harmony and closeness for our social relationships. However some people prefer to eat American food while other people tend to choose Chinese. The reasons for different food choices could be approached from many different angles due to its complexity. Personally I would like to eat Chinese food when I get hungry for the following reasons. Undoubtedly one of the most obvious reasons for my choice is that Chinese food obtains higher freshness of the ingredients than this of American food. That is why Chinese people prefer to go shopping daily for fresh food that is particularly beneficial to keep health however Americans seem to like to purchase canned or frozen foods once a week. It is logical that fresh food will have a greater taste and flavor when consumed. Another reason is that I like to share food with others which can build up social connections and eat different dishes at the same time. With this behavior happened during meals people would gain great amount of chances to make connection with others and express friendships easily. The final reason in support of my choice is that I like to hold chopsticks rather than a fork and a knife. Western utensils such as knife are too heavy and inconvenient for me. For instance it is easy to carry a pair of chopsticks when I eat out or go picnic but not for forks or knife except plastic products. In addition I hate to cut meat into pieces in front of my friends which is regarded as a very rude behavior in Chinese culture. Due to all the reasons discussed above I may draw my conclusion that I prefer to eat Chinese food rather than American food. Furthermore I suggest that Americans should try to avoid deep fried cooking because it causes a great deal of harmful chemicals stored in human bodies. There are so many overweighed Americans who suffer from cardiovascular diseases and high pressure. Some people may disagree my opinions and assert American food is good for health however all the reasons I presented have influenced my opinions. Therefore I do like to eat Chinese food in my whole life.
