Chloe Student's Last Name I came from Seoul Korea and it has been about 7 months since I came to Pittsburgh. There are many cultural differences between Pittsburgh and Seoul. As a fashion expert I would like to describe different fashion styles between the two cities focusing on universities' female students. The major distinctive differences between each city's students are found in their hairstyles fashion styles and footwear. Firstly Korean university students are highly sensitive in their hairstyles and they manage their styles perfect as if they come out of a hair salon a few minutes ago. Also they go to hair salons at least once in three months. They typically prefer to have a long straight hair or a long hair with a slight curl to have some volume. A shortcut hairstyle is the least favorite hairstyle among the Korean students. However PITT students have more various hairstyles. There have long or middle length hair in straight or in curl. I have seen many shortcut hairstyles in PITT. Also PITT students mostly make ponytails or buns. Secondly Korean students like to dress up as a daily wear. They dress up fancy as if they will go a party or have a date after classes. In addition Most of them like to wear fashion designer's brand clothes. For example high end designer' jeans are very popular in Korea which cost over two hundred dollars. In contrast to Korean students PITT students mostly wear casual clothes. For example although some students wear high end designer's jeans major students wear practical and comfortable jeans which cost less than hundred dollars. Also I have seen man PITT students wear their PITT logo T shirts which of Korean student do not wear. Lastly Korean students like to wear high heels. Otherwise they wear sneakers. The ratio between high heels and sneakers are eighty to twenty. On the other hand I have seen few students how wear high heels in PITT. Mostly PITT students wear flipflaps in warm weather or sneakers or boots in cold weather. It is very interesting to found that Pitt and Korean students have few commons in their hairstyles fashion styles and footwear. Unlike PITT students it seems Korean students are more fancy than PITT students. Furthermore Korean students seem to like to spend money and time in order to decorate themselves. In contrast PITT students seem to prefer natural look and prefer to wear comfortable.
