As time goes by baseball seasons have been finishing in Korea and U. S. A. In off season most of baseball teams try out and then up and coming players and veterans attend the test to change their teams and to enter a team as a freshman. Most of baseball players want to join a roster in Major League Baseball. This is because everybody knows that MLB is the best league in the world. Hence baseball magazines and players called MLB 'Dream of League'. However some of players want to play in Korean Baseball Organization in order to go to MLB. These days playing in KBO is one of the best ways to go MLB. Each of leagues has different merits to baseball players to be success in baseball. First of all two of leagues' atmosphere is totally different to play baseball games. The area of Korea is similar to Pennsylvania in U. S. A. Also KBO has eight teams only one major league and one minor league. For reason that baseball teams' home grounds is nearby each of teams' home grounds in KBO. On the other hands MLB has 30 teams and two major leagues. Further more there are four minor leagues which are Triple A Double A Single A and rookie league in MLB. In accordance with those reasons players have to play out matches despite their home ground is far from other teams' home grounds. That is difficult for players who join a roster in MLB immediately. Therefore playing in KBO can be one way to get experience before play in MLB directly. Another difference is playing style between Korean baseball and American baseball. People called KBO 'Small ball baseball' and MLB 'Big ball baseball'. This is because their playing style is totally different. In KBO managers want to draft players who can be good at base running and have a good defensive ability. This is because Korean baseball teams usually depend on base running and bunting in a game. For reason of that Korean baseball is called 'Small ball baseball'. On the other hands in MLB most managers prefer to draft sluggers and fence busters with fast running so we can watch magnificent playing. They use specific tactics seldom such as hit and run base stealing and bunting. Therefore we can see hitting a home run more than twice in a game in MLB whereas players hit a home run lower than twice in a game in KBL. According to that players who have a power to hit a home run can give expression to managers to go to MLB. However many professionals in baseball mention that Korean baseball's level has been improving better than Triple A league in MLB. For instance in the Beijing Olympic Korea became the first place in baseball against Cuba Japan and U. S. A. There fore KBL can be another way to go to MLB for international players who do not get acceptance to play in major league in MLB. In conclusion every players want to play in MLB directly. If they adjust atmosphere and playing style easily in MLB it will be fine. However if they do not anything in MLB it is worse than getting experience in KBO. Therefore it will be one of the best ways to play in KBO to get experience in order to go to the 'Dream of League' directly.
