The educational systems are different from country to country. What is better the educational system in Libya or in United States of America Although there are some similarities in these two educational systems there are more crucial differences those made the educational system of the United States of America ahead of that one in Libya. On one hand the educational systems in Libya and United States of America have many similarities. For example both countries have the same age of acceptance for the primary school six years . Also students in these two nations go for three years secondary or high school. Furthermore the education in both countries is free to the high school level. In addition to that students grades in high school will control the major that they will choose for the college in Libya and it is almost the same idea in America. On the other hand the differences are more important and fundamental. This differences start with languages that are being taught and the age of studying these languages. Unlike the American one the Libyan educational system has not been teaching any other language for long time in the past which has led to very bad sequences on the previous generation. Even thought now they start fixing this problem but they are teaching very bad English curriculum in very late age. Moreover in comparing the American teaching skills with those teaching skills of Libyans you will find big gap between them. While the government of United States of America pays great attention of the educational level of the country the Libyan government effort in this field is still juvenile. The last and the most important difference the educational institutions in united states of America are well supplied by teaching materials in contrast to that the Libyan educational institutions are poorly supplied. There are some similarities between the educational systems in the two countries. However the differences are more important and it makes the educational system of the United States of America ahead away from that one in Libya.
