ANON_NAME_0 hyeon Student's Last Name W5T 10 9 08 Transportation was the biggest difficulty If you ask to Korean what make it difficult for them to live in Pittsburgh you will be heard the above respond from most of Koreans. When I came to Pittsburgh first I was really surprised about poor transportation system in Pittsburgh compared to transportation of Busan which is the second biggest city in Korea. It is evident that there are some similarities between Pittsburgh transportation system and Korea's one. However there are several outstanding differences between transportation in Pittsburgh and Korea which make it difficult for me to adept myself to Pittsburgh transportation system taxi bus and subway. First of all taxi is one of the most surprised differences for me. The way how to take taxi is huge difference compared to Busan in Korea. While Pittsburgh have to call the taxi before go somewhere by taxi in Korea we can catch a taxi very easily just stand on the street and wave your hand. Also in Pittsburgh people need to pay tip to taxi driver however in Korea people are asked to pay what the machine which is in front of taxi driver represent. Next the system of bus is quit interesting difference for me. In Pittsburgh people have to pay the fees according to distance. In contrast in Busan people pay the same fees even though they took a bus for three hours. In addition university students in Pittsburgh are allowed to take bus when they show I. D. While Korean university students can't. Moreover people who stay in Pittsburgh can pay fees students I. D. Or cash however people who stay in Busan pay fees by cash or pre paid transportation card. Finally the subway is notable difference for me. In Pittsburgh there are not many subway lines around downtown and schools. On the contrary there are many subway lines in Busan. People can go wherever they want to by subway and the price of subways is very cheap one dollar. Furthermore people who use subway after they took off from bus do not have to pay whole fee and they can just pay thirty cents. Moreover the subways in Korea keep time to leave very accurately so people do not late at work and school. To sum up the way to take taxi the way to pay bus fee and usage of subway are the huge differences for me and all of them were very hard to adept. Both systems have negative points and positive points. Now I am almost adapted to Pittsburgh transportation system and I do not feel too much stress at all.
