BO 5T writing 10 09 08 Different Eating Styles Between Korea and America If you have been in different countries even just one day you would eat some food and experience eating style of the country. Having been in Korea and America get me to feel many differences between Korean food and American food. There are several differences that make me prefer Korean eating style to American eating style Side dish sharing foods and tools that we use when we eat. First Korean dishes are composed to many side dishes. One bowl of rice and soup are basic of dishes and people should eat with many side dishes such as Kimchi traditional Korean food grilled meat or fish. People cannot eat only Kimchi meat or fish without a bowl of rice or soup in formal dish in Korea. However American food needs only one dish for eating one meal. For example Americans are used to eat just steak sandwich sometimes with French fries but there are not as many as side dishes in Korean food. American food doesn't have basic dishes as rice or soup in Korea. I would like to eat various food in one meal so Korean food is good for me. A custom of sharing foods is one of the different eating styles between Korean and American. When Koreans eat soup they can take a food from the pot directly with spoon. Also Korean side dishes open to everyone so all people can take it directly of one spoon. In opposition to Korean food Americans do not usually share their foods directly. Americans have their own plate to get some from the soup pot or some food from big plate that have food. Americans do not want to share food directly but indirectly such as having their own dishes. Differ from American individual eating style Korean eating style is sharing everything. That is why I prefer Korean food because we can share not only food but also warm emotion by sharing foods. Next the tools when we are eating are different between Korea and America. Koreans should use chopsticks and spoons for eating soup and side dishes. Side dishes are so tiny or small to pick with fork so people must use chopsticks to get food easily. Usually Korean people think that they should clean up the rice bowl so they use spoon for eating rice clearly. By contrast American use fork spoon sometimes knife. American foods are easy to pick with fork such as French fries salads and meat. Americans are familiar to use knife when they are eating for cutting meat such as a steak whereas Koreans use hands or cut meat before eating. I am familiar with using chopsticks and making clean after eating with spoon and chopsticks looks better for me. Therefore there are distinct differences between Korean eating style and American eating style. Many side dishes sharing foods with many people directly and tools such as chopsticks and spoons that we use when we are eating get me to have preference to Korean eating style. Although American foods are really good and eating style is good for me I like Korean eating styles more.
