HyungDo Student's Last Name W5T 10 9 08 Do you know how many times people use public transportations in whole life According to statistic a city dweller uses them around 44 000 times. Public transportations are inherent part of city. Every city has different public transportation system. For example some cities has subway others do not have. Korea and Pittsburgh share some common public transportations such as buses. However there are also different transportation system. Personally I prefer to live in Korea because of Transportation Card system and subway bus system. In Korea there is convenient transportation card system. This uses a smart card containing much information to reduce additional processes to ride public transportation such as buying a ticket giving it to driver etc so people can save much time. Citizens just make their card touched to small recognizing panel and use all public transportation. The biggest advantage of this system is enabling to trans ride to other transportations without paying extra money. For instance if there is a person who took subways and this person need to take bus all this person hate to do is just putting his card to the bus recognizing panel. Then card read information about what he took subways and this give him permission to take the bus without charge. On the other hands in Pittsburgh there is no such card but there is ID card. People having student ID can take bus freely. Students wanting to take bus show their ID to bus driver and driver let them in. However if there are people not having student ID they have to pay charge. In this case they would have problem when they want to trans ride because they have to pay every single time when they take buses. In Korea there is subway system. This subway infra is very well organized so Korean use subway more than buses. Moreover as I mentioned before because of convenient trans ride system between subway and bus subway system is popular. Subway routes are looks like spider nets so people can go anywhere by taking subway. In addition it goes under ground and use only electricity. Therefore it conserves our on ground environment. However in Pittsburgh there is only bus system. Routes of buses are not efficient to transport people. Sometimes people have to take several bus route. Moreover buses use fossil fuel generating hazard gases. All in all Korean and Pittsburgh's transportations have some differences. Transportation paying system and subway system are different. Convenient public transportation system makes people glad to live in the city. Therfore I think Pittsburgh need to develop its public transportation more convenient.
