Oct. 6. 2008 Compare and contrast gr ynapping a wife . Nowadays these kinds of criminals could not make us embarrassed ybiographies of great people there are many kinds of cases that friends or lover would encourage them to change life. Therefore right now your only little words might change your friends or lover. That is why we always should take care of our saying and acting to them. In conclusion for success of life we should make our friendship and love carefully. For example building a house is someone's life Love and friendship is would be pillar in the house. Without strong pillars it would be impossible to build a solid house. Even though love and friendship is different in many ways it is clear that both make our life more beautiful. So we always should try to make love and friendship well. Love and Friendship in Life revise Nowadays in our society most people need to learn many skills to live. It is called that education usually people learn many skills in the school long time. But some kinds of skills we could not learn in the school. Love and Friendship are may represented in the category which people can not learn in school . These emotions are very important factors in relationship with other people in society. For getting better of life basically people should able to make good relationship in family and society. However usually we do not have teacher who could teach it for us. It means that we have to learn it through our own experiences by ourselves. Therefore if people knew about these kinds of emotions it could encourage people easier to make cool love and friendship. At first Love and Friendship are different in some ways. Love could more affect to life than friendship. Sometimes we have seen bad news related with love such as killing a partner kidnapping a wife . Nowadays these kinds of criminals could not make us embarrassed anymore. Why they made cruel results with partner who they loved too much before. If someone fell in love sincerely he may lose reason when he got broken up with partner. It means that Love could make people crazy sometimes. So we can say that Love is more extreme feeling than friendship. I think why love could be extreme emotion is that they would want to possess partner. So when we are in love we should not possess but respect a partner. On the other hand people also can see similarities between love and friendship. Both are in basis of faith. If someone lose faith from opposite we may lose them. So we should be honest in these relationship. And it comes time to need to someone for us except family. When we need someone who could help us we can depend on opposite who related in love or friendship. Because people have different personality and ability each other when someone has friend or lover the person who he has love or friendship could be a role model to him. In many biographies of great people there are many kinds of cases that friends or lover would encourage them to change life for better. Therefore right now your only little words could change your friends or lover's life. That is why people always should take care of saying and acting to them. In conclusion even though love and friendship are evident factors to live in society if people do not keep on these relationship carefully they can not make success of life easily. Therefore people should make up own know how makes love and friendship.
