Today there are so many cultures in the world. They have a great number of similarities and differences. For example if someone moves his her head up and down what does it mean to you yes or no Nodding the head up and down means yes in the United State but it means no in Greece and Turkey. This situation can happen anywhere anytime and to anyone so I had better compare aspects of different cultures to understand each of them. The comparison between Korean culture and American culture reveals several similarities and differences. Both Korean school and American school basically have several similarities and differences. To begin with elementary schools in both Korea and the U. S are quite similar. There is one teacher for all subjects for each grade and classes are coeducational. Also the subjects taught at the elementary schools are similar such as reading writing mathematics music sports art etc. Next both countries have mid term test and final term test in each semester in universities. However Korea has a 6 3 3 4 grades whereas America has generally a 5 3 4 4 grades. In addition higher education is compulsory in America while elementary education is compulsory in Korea. Unlike Korean students America students have wide fields of extracurricular activities. In addition to the education system there are several similarities and differences in both Korean restaurant and American restaurant. Many Korean restaurants are affected largely by American restaurants like TGIF OUTBACK and SIZZLER so they have similar style externally. On the other hand food costs are cheaper in Korea because there are no tax and tip. Food costs in Korean restaurants include tax and tip. In contrast tax and tip are separated from food costs in America. Finally the comparison of wedding culture in Korea and America reveals not many similarities but also many differences. Brides wear white dresses as a symbol of purity and bridegrooms usually wear suits or tuxedoes in both Korea and America. After wedding ceremonies it is also customary in both countries for brides to throw their bouquets into their single female friends. It is said that the person who catches the bouquet will be the next one to marry. However Korean people marry in special places like Korean wedding halls. In contrast American people use churches parks or the city hall. Moreover American marriage celebration is more economical and informal than Korean one. I compare the education system restaurants and wedding culture in between Korea and America. In conclusion cultures present various styles and each culture contains special features.
