At the beginning of the year I came to Pittsburgh because I wanted to study English. Many Korea people are studying in America. However they had big problem because of different food style. First time when I came here I worried about different food style between Korea and America What do you think about my opinion Did u agree or disagree I thought that most people had same opinion with me. Now I'll look for a different food style between Korea and America. There are many difference food styles taste material and tool. First of all most Korean foods not use to too much sugar and salt. However most American foods use to too much sugar and salt. So when I ate American food in restaurant in Pittsburgh. I surprised that most American foods is really sweet or salt for me. So I did not suitable American food styles because most Korean foods did not use seasoning. I really missed my country foods when I came here first time. Second when I made some Korean foods I used to vegetables or rice. In contrast when I visited American friends house. Most American people used to beef bread. When I met my American friends we talked about their food style. I could find lots of different things. Most Korean people eat steam rice everyday but most American people eat a bread pizza and beef every day. However Korean people did not eat bread pizza and beef every day. Special day most Korean people eat that food. Actually Korean people eat steam rice and vegetable. At last when I went to American restaurants I surprised about food tools. Although they both have same tools but I could find another tool that is chopsticks. It is very different thing between Korea and America. When I met my American friends. They thought that chopsticks is really use hard for American. However most Korean people use to chopsticks everyday. So it is really different thing between Korea and America. I gave three different food styles between Korea and America. I thought that most American people don't think about different things. However Korean people may agree my opinion because we had same experience when we came America. So before Korean students come to America you have to check these different food styles because if you come to America u may missing your country food.
