I have an older brother who is fundamentally different from me. He and I don't have any common features neither inside nor outside. First of all he and I have totally different appearances. While I have relatively fair skin and a round face he has rather dark skin and a sharp face with a shapely nose. It is because I take after my father and he takes after my mother. We are so different in our appearances that few people can notice we are siblings even if they have several chances to see both of us together. The differences between my brother and me are not restricted in the appearances. While I am an introvert he is an extrovert. I am timid and like being alone so I have deep relationship with a few close friends. In contrast he likes to hang out with others and has a lot of friends to keep in touch with. Also I need a lot of time to decide something and feel it hard to say my own opinion but he has his own clear opinions on everything and hardly stands the disagreement between his and others. Therefore he gets easily irritated when I do anything in the way that he doesn't agree with. For example if I cook something without following his own way or a normal recipe he never acknowledges it as cooking. However the most important difference between my brother and me is that he is a son and I am a daughter. Because of that my parents have treated us differently and it has affected both of us in many ways. Like other Korean mothers mom preferred my brother and believed he always did the right thing. On the other hand she cared too much about me so she wanted me to do only what she approved. When we were junior high school students for example my brother had a lot of friends and she liked his popularity. As for my friends she wanted to know everything about them and decide who I would make friends with. It didn't change when I was a university student. At that time I came to live alone in the city where my university was located and my mom called me at 10 o'clock every night to check I came back home. On the other hand my brother has never had a curfew. Even though he often got back early in the morning she never scolded him. Such an attitude of my mom made my brother and me behave differently. I've always wanted to be more independent than I am. I've needed more confidence about myself. Unlike me my brother has an enormous ego and tends toward obstinacy. Sometimes he acts as if he were my parent. It seems that he feels responsible for taking care of me instead of our parents who live far away so he wants to control my life in Pittsburgh. Although I really appreciate his concerns I think it's too much. Nevertheless I cannot resist him because I was taught that I should not oppose to my older brother. That is the biggest difference between us. He behaves like an authoritative traditional Korean man and I behave like a submissive Korean traditional woman. Though having the same parents my brother and I have the completely different appearances and personalities. Despite of those differences some of which I really hate he is still my lovely brother and I like him.
