Contrast some aspect of American culture and Japanese culture Outline Introduction Supporting Paragraphs I. Appearance 1. People s appearance 2. Building II. Food 1. Kinds of food 2. Eating habits III. Manners 1. First names 2. Gestures and body language Conclusion Last week my friend ANON_NAME_0 phoned me and asked me what the difference is between the American culture and Japanese culture because she will come to the United States next month. After Ive been living in the United States for 5 months Ive found some similarities and differences between the Japanese culture and American culture. Since Ive come to the United States it seems that American culture and Japanese cultures have a lot in common in appearance food and manners. The first thing I compared was the appearance. First of all both cultures have some of the same brands like Dove Renew and GAP. I can buy almost the same things in Japan from clothes to contact lenses. The price of things is almost exactly the same at both countries Dove body soap is 400 Yen about 4 . In appearance both countries seem just the same. People wear the same clothes and jeans and live in similar looking cities. There are parks buildings and houses. What it came down to was the difference in house size between the two countries. In the United States houses are nice and big. In Japan especially in Tokyo if you pay 1000 you must live in a tiny apartment room which is only one room and has everything like bath and kitchen included. In addition to appearance I had to tell her about food. The kinds of food are almost the same. I think that is because of the chain restaurants. You can eat exactly the same food in Japan and the U. S. Like pasta a burger and sushi. However in United States you cant buy a cheap variety of raw fish anywhere like in Japan. While American people use knives and forks a lot Japanese use chopsticks all the time. We Japanese use chopsticks not only as tools for eating food but also as tools for cooking. We also have a lot of manners and rules about chopsticks. For example you cant dig a chopstick into rice and you cant use different kinds of chopsticks. Parents and elder people teach this to children. The manners had the most influence on my life in the United States. Basically manners are the same. Americans and Japanese care about other people like greeting others at the restaurant and transportation. English has also levels of politeness just like Japanese keigo which is respectful language. However the form of address in United States is very different from that in Japan. American people dont use the word Teacher. They use Mr. Jones or Ms. Jones. Japanese people use the term sensei Teacher that has special respect. So they may feel uncomfortable about it. In addition there is a difference in how we use first names. In the Japanese media sometimes people overreact about whether the Japanese prime minister and the American president call each other by their first names. Its not that important in United States. On the other hand in Japan using a first name is a big deal. Its only done in a really close relationship like girlfriend or boyfriend and family. The most important difference in the manners is gestures and body language because its easy to misunderstand. The Japanese hand gesture for come here is almost exactly like the American gesture for go away. So it conveys the opposite of what is intended. In conclusion after taking some consideration about appearance food and manners I think the United States and Japan are alike in several ways and different in some others. So I will tell her all these things.
