Being an international student is stressful . Inside school test scores Toefl SAT score proves English improvement pressure from yourself people beside you. . Outside school Living in homestay problem with homestay people Living alone can be unconvinient all by yourself hard chores. Feeling homesick no friends . Financial problem not only international student but also being a student. Tuition money for living money for activities Everything has good sides and bad sides. Studying abroad which means being an international student follows with a large amount of stress. Outsiders may think studying abroad looks just nice. Pains that international students may feel don't recognized easily. Of course there are many benefits of studying abroad but it also comes with tough problems to struggle with. Consider what you would have to deal with. Dividing widely into two parts where the stress comes from one can be inside school and the other can be out side school. Inside school there are many factors pressing students. Studying it self is one factor. Studying another country language is difficult because it improves steadily. There may be differences between students but mostly they struggle with those problems. If studying isn't going smoothly they will feel frustrated by themselves or they may feel nervous. Another factor or pressure come from people in school. Sometimes there may be problems resulted from classmates who come from different cultures. Misunderstanding or prejudice causes stressful school life which is very painful to students. How about out side school Many students lives in a homestay house or have their own house. Wherever they stay students are living apart from their parents. They miss dinner time with family mothers cooking and they miss familiar person to rely on. It gets worse when they get sick or in special days such as birthday or holidays. There is a part that friends in school can't fulfill. Financial problems are the common problem both outside and inside the school. It is the biggest stress to an international student. Even it is a problem for regular college students so theres no doubt that financial problem is stressful to the international students. The tuition is more expensive than national college and living in other country is more expensive than living with family in their country. House rents and living expenses are too much for students or their parents who are paying for them. Student should and would like to enjoy outside activities such as going out with friends shopping or going to sports games visiting museum and going on trips. Sometimes they find themselves limited doing these because of having a limited amount of money. Activities prevented by money is the cruelest stress. Being international student is not always fun. They can experience another country culture and be more concentrated in learning languages but difficulties comes with benefits. They should struggle with stress and overcome it. Hard effort will make a sweet outcome. Like the saying 'the bitter the better'.
