I have 5 family members father mother younger sister brother and me. We are quite noisy family. All of our family members have differences and strong opinions. My younger brother always complains like this I hate we are different . If I'm asked to choose one member to compare with me probably I'll choose my father because there are strong distinct traits between me and my father. Me and my father have a opposite appearance. Both of us likes to play sports such as tennis. Both of us put health in a really important part to maintain. We also like to exercise and eat healthy food. However my father is in a good shape but I am not. Although we both like to eat healthy food like vegetables I also prefer to eat fat foods than my father. Actually my father doesn't likes fat foods such as pizza hamberger cheese and all kinds of fried foods. My father never over eats and stops eating when he feels full. Moreover I love sweets cakes cookies chocolates and can't stop eating this even I feel full. We always have problem when conversations comes with shopping. This one is really distinctibe difference between us. Me and my father have different attitude in buying clothes. Firstly to say he hates shopping. He dislikes buying same items. He thinks buying many clothes is extravagance. He is the only person in our family who thinks clothes are only for hiding your body. I can'tt agree with him. Deciding what to wear next day is so much joy in life to me. Making up yourself and changing your clothes to different situation is just wonderful. Shopping around and looking fascinating designers clothes improves my sense in design. Also we have many different personalities. My dad is more considerable person than me. He thinks 3 times or more before buying something. On the other hand I am really imprompt person. I don't like to waste time thinking too much when I purchase. I like art class rather than science and my father is professor major in science. We both are mischief people but my father doesn't enjoy watching comedy programs while I do. From appearance to personality we are very different. We should put an effort in understanding each other. Sometimes I may be right and sometimes my father will. There is no direct solution and key. Everything can be seen differently with different aspect. I should respect my fathers opinion and my father also should and this is the best way to have a good relation ship between us.
