T. S The U. S has similar aspects and different aspects to my country. Out line 1. Intro To connect each country we can share culture each other but we live different environment and have been taught deep rooted background. Talk about social life wedding food. 2. Body A. Social life i. Etiquette greeting table business. . Ii. Living style taking off shoes in a house gardening APT iii. Same thing handshake give and take name card iv. Different thing way of greeting table manor living style B. Wedding i. Same thing were white dress bouquet reception honeymoon. Ii. Different thing Korea has traditional wedding ceremony Wear Han bok meeting each parent before wedding a letter to the house of the fianc e time kind of drink traditional food special food special day 3. Conclusion We are different. Because of this reason we can experience new thing. These days we don't live alone. Even though we live different environment and have been taught deep rooted background but countries were connecting each other through the Internet and economy. It gets us one. So we share all of information and live all together. The U. S has similar aspects and different aspects of my country. Now I talk about comparing the U. S and Korea social life wedding and food. The first social life has several different things. On the basic the way of living is same but consequently culture it has different aspects. Hand shake and give and take name card each other are the same in business situation. Way of living in a house in the U. S is very different from the living in a house in Korea. In Korea we take off shoes and socks in a house because our culture has lived a hot floored room. The most of the U. S houses have a grass garden and host takes care of gardening. In contrast the Korea houses have a few grass garden and they don't do gardening. Next the wedding doesn't same all of parts. All of the brides wear the white dress. Both American and Korean wear dress. The American brides take hold of bouquet and have a reception. Similarly Korean has them. Finishing the ceremony the American couples go on a honeymoon and Korean too. On the other hand Korea has traditional ceremony. Before the wedding we must meet each parent at the same space a bridegroom sends a letter to the house of the bride in which the Four Pillars of the bridegroom to be are written. It just likes a traditional ceremony. Then after wedding ceremony couples bow to bridegroom's family and they throw jujube chestnut to a bride. It means bearing many children. At least food is typical of culture we can't tell the culture except food and food has many different aspects. Both the U. S and Korea permit drink to people. In the U. S American can experience food all over the world when they want to eat. Likewise Korean can do. However American usually eat bread instead of eating rice Korean usually eat rice. Unlike Korean usually drink rice scotch American doesn't. In contrast on holiday traditional food each other they are many different turkey Halloween pumpkin rice cake soup songpy
