Some people like travel so they want to see other countries and to learn different cultures. Also they want to learn what are differences and similarities between all countries. When I came to the U. S I figured out that there are some similarities and differences between Turkey and America. Similarities and differences are about their habits their education systems and their cultures. The first thing is peoples cooking and eating habits. Both American and Turkish peoples like to eat fast food but Turkish peoples eat fast food only out of their homes. They usually eat fresh and hot food at home such as green been zucchini soup meal dish. Turkish women cook their dish at home. In addition they do not prefer using microwave because they think it is unhealthy. Whereas American people usually use microwave to cook frozen food. On the other hand I saw some peoples who have been living in America buy little vegetables such as one tomato one pepper although Turkish peoples buy a lot of vegetables. Now I have been living in America and I can understand why American peoples buy one tomato one pepper because the vegetable s prices in America are more expensive then the vegetable's prices in Turkey . I can buy vegetables like American people. In addition to peoples habits I want to mention both countries education systems which compose of three parts elementary school high school and university but the most important difference between these two countries education systems is a general university entrance exam in Turkey . It is an exam and students must pass this exams if they want to go to university. Some students cannot go to voluntary university although they pass the exam because their scores are not enough to go to these universities. Another difference is that there are no essay and group working in Turkey although American students usually study this ways. I think essay and group working are more efficient methods for students than individual training . In the end there are several differences between Turkish culture and American culture. The most incredible thing is Yard Sale . I never seen yard sale since I came to the U. S. Some people who have been living in America have sold their old clothes furniture forks knifes to other peoples . Another incredible thing is Dogs'. American peoples like dogs' more than Turkish peoples. American peoples usually have one or two dogs whereas Turkish peoples do not prefer owning dog because they think that dogs belong to outside not in side. Lastly Turkish peoples take off their shoes before go in their home but American people don t take off . In conclusion It is undoubtedly true that the earth is shrinking it means all of countries mixed each other but still there are some similarities and some differences between all countries over the earth. I claim we should maintain our culture and our habits but also we can try to change bad things like eating fast food. I like travel and I like to learn other countries cultures habits and education systems . Now I want to say American peoples that good to see you .
