Education Universities Systems of the education Culture Emigration Religion Transports Kind of transport Traffic I have come here since five months I was not surprise when I saw this city because I was accustomed on this weather and views in my city. Although there are some similarities between Abha and Pittsburgh also there are several differences between these cities such as education culture and transport. Firstly United States has the best and biggest universities and there are in Pittsburgh several of the universities that have a long history with education for example University of Pittsburgh . In contrast my city has one university and this university is modern when compared with University of Pittsburgh. I think that when there is more than the university in the city will help to create kind of the competition among the universities and this competition will help to develop the education and change some the systems so that convoy this development. Most instructors in Abha University are similar to instructors here because they graduated from American universities. Next Pittsburgh is old city and we have noticed these days it celebrates two hundred and fifty year of the founding. And diversity of the cultures and religion in Pittsburgh made it attractive to many immigrants' . These immigrants brought their culture with them and got kind of combination among those civilizations and gave a kind of harmony and coexistence among people in this Pittsburgh. Likewise Abha has old culture but there is no diversity in the cultures and religions. I think that the diversity help to understand and accept the others. Finally most people in Pittsburgh prefer to travel by buses however there is a big jam on the streets. Whereas many people in Abha prefer to travel by cars and there is no jam. The systems of the traffic in Pittsburgh are complex and severe but they are easy and lenient in Abha and the government does not take tax from people. In conclusion I believe that the difference is a fact of life. Although there are some differences between the two cities as I have indicated previously but there are common factors between the two cities such as weather and the beautiful scenery. Those aspects of the differences or similarities make me attract to both the two cities. In my opinion the emigration and competition among the states were the cause of diversity in Pittsburgh. Abha is Located in southern Saudi Arabia .
