Pre Writing Brazil x USA Relationship Friends Food Spice Family Red meat Education History Geography Writing At first impression the American and Brazilian cultures are very similar that's very good for Brazilian exchange students because they doesn't have a culture shock as some students have. But this doesn't mean that we won't have differences just it isn't huge. For example we have big differences in the food habits relationships and education. To start let's talk about food. That's the first difference that we figure out. In the first hours in USA when you're in the airport waiting for the connection flight to Pitt you go to some store to eat something and really feel lost What I'll eat The snacks meals juices even Coca cola sodas are different. And after it just gets worst. In the city the first experience is a disaster very spice food no beef and sometimes very fat food. Even the rise have different ingredients. The second difference show up when you come to your host house. You never give a hug or a kiss when you meet someone that's usual in Brazil. The first impression is that they don't like you but after you realize that they are more cold then us. Especially when you observe how they talk with each other parents sons and daughters. I think that the love is similar my parents probably don't love more but the way they demonstrate the love is a quite different more hot . Another difference disclose when you get close to the family. You start to talk with them about different subjects and you realize that they don't know a lot of things about different cultures World history and geography. Have a lot of students that doesn't know where is Brazil Spain or Australia in the world map. And I'm talking not about know exactly but they doesn't have an idea. So I thing that when I compare the education in USA they had some cultural and historical ignorance that's a shame. But here you learn a lot of usual things like car mechanics build furniture drive cook and you play a lot of sports. That's an important thing that in Brazil we don't give the importance that we suppose to do in the school for a good education. So we can realize that Brazilian and Americans have several differences that can affect our experience here making it difficult and strange. It's doesn't mean that one is better that other we just have a different perspective.
