A comparison between my sister and I reveals several differences and similarities. I have one sister. She is 3 years older than me and she is my half sister. Although we are not together we reunite to celebrate Thai's New Year together in her house every year. Even though we have just about 4 5 days a year it's always a great time. We spend days and nights talking and hanging out together and that is why I know her as well as she knows me. Because we are half sisters we have a lot of differences but also some similarities as well. We obviously look different from each other because we are half sisters. This makes us have lots of different physical characteristics. My sister has a lovely face with Chinese eyes. She looks alike as our grandmother however I have big eyes that nobody in my family has. I have straight black hair but she has a curly brown hair. Nobody notices that we are sisters the first time. Fortunately there are some people who tell us that we have some similarities. They notice our smiles. We look alike when we smile. I think it must be because we have the same mouth shape additionally our teeth shape and size are almost exactly the same. Our families agree that we smile the same way too. There are more reasons that make people think that we look like each other. We are 5. 3 Feet and weight 130 pounds. Our fingers hands and feet are the same shape and size. We also have the same skin tone. These similarities are because we are half sisters. However the gene makes us look different from each other but our lifestyles make us have a lot in common. I love to go shopping when I have free time and she does too. Her favorite brands are the same as mine like therefore some of the clothes shoes and bags that we have are almost the same because they are from the same collections. Sometimes we have the same hair style intentionally. Moreover both of us have the same hobbies. We collect many manga books from Japan. We exchange our books very often. Our lifestyles make us talk a lot. We feel closer to each other as much as we talk. However we live far away from each other. In addition to our similar lifestyles we have few same habits and one difference. Both of us like to stay up late at night and get up late in the morning. I hate cooking and prefer to buy fast food or to eat out my sister does the same things. Although we have the same habits my sister's studying habits are totally different from me. And this difference taught me a good lesson. In conclusion there are few differences but lots of similarities between my sister and me because we are sisters. It's just one reason that good enough to explain about our differences and similarities but for me I never feel different from my sister just because those few differences. I look forward to Thai's New Year. I can't wait to have great time with my sister and our big family. We are always the same our family.
