My Idol And I I want to share something with you about ANON_NAME_0 Mingshan who is widely accepted as the most beautiful business woman in China and certainly one of the most successful one. She is now the president of a large corporation called Charmond which mainly deal with the trading of watches. To be honest I admire her very much. Not her wealth more her ability. ANON_NAME_0 was born with a silver spoon in her mouth. She was born in a rich business family. But when she was young she was not to be a dancer. After high school she worked as a model for a short time and then she went to New York a place she found the first important opportunity and a turning point in life. When she studied there she sensed people's craze for a diamond watch in the Techomarine products. She introduced it to Hong ANON_NAME_1. The watch sold like hot cake. The sales were as high as over 1 million in a day. It's unbelievable. From then on she kept climbing up her career ladder and finally reached her place now. Compared with me she is gorgegous. But also have some similarity between us. Firstly I also good at dance . By the way I learned it for five years. Second I was also born in a business family and study in US now. The most improtant piont is I also want to achieve my goal. Let my dream come ture. Sometimes the spirite between I and my idol is the same. No matter waht kind of things we met we will have a try and do our best to finish it. So she is a example for me. Absolutely there big distinct between us. For example she was was born with a silver spoon in her mouth. But I'm not. So aad up her hard work she establish her own company so easily . There have a huge money backgroud to support her. It means she successful more easily than others. Not like her. She realised her dream when she come to American. I realised that when I was a child my parents told me you must have a dream. So I have the same dream until now. I think if I had the same successful like her I also want to develop the charity. Because is so improtant for the social. Now She was also know as a charitarian. Her company is a regular funder of Children's Heart Foundation and other charity organizations such as UNICEF abbr. United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund . She has to deal with at least 6 meetings a day and a lot of other work load. But she shows to the world apart from beauty a woman can have more. So insit on my dream and to be a women like her. Come on!Nothing is impossible if you have a try.
