These days I'm studying English in the ELI Program. It starts at 10 o'clock and ends at 4 o'clock and after school I have some homework from each class. So as you can imagine my weekdays usually run by pretty fast. In contrast there is plenty of time on the weekends but I don't have any idea how to spend this free time. I want to do something special which I've wanted to do for years and I thought about taking pictures and painting. However I couldn't make a decision right away because both of them seem like a lot of fun. It was only after I analyzed the similarities and differences between the two activities that I finally came to my decision to take pictures. At first it seems that taking pictures and painting have a lot in common. First of all through both activities I can see the same places as a photo or a painting no matter where I've picked. I can take a picture at the top of the mountain but also draw a picture at the same place. In addition after doing both activities I can keep the photos or paintings as a record and both of them will help to remind me of that moment. Lastly pieces of art such as photos and paintings can be shared with others or given to other people as presents. I think this is the most exciting part. In addition it was when I looked at the differences between the two activities that I made my final decision. In terms of touching up a painting can be changed or fixed easier than a photo. Of course I can adjust a photo by using a computer program but I can't change it while I'm taking it. Besides a painting can be colored whatever I choose but a photo comes with exact same colors of the real things. As a result not only the colors but also all of the subjects are showed more precisely in the photos. However I realized that these should not be the most important factors in my decision. The most important thing is time. If I paint something it would take more time than taking one photo. Especially in the case of a Polaroid camera a photo comes in a second and shows the scene in a minute. That's a big difference. In conclusion after taking these factors into consideration now I know what I'm going to do. Since accuracy convenience and memories are important I think I can have much more fun taking pictures. Besides I think taking pictures makes me more outgoing and social person because if I want to take some pictures it makes me go to many beautiful places. It will be really good for both of my mental and physical health.
