These days Korean teenagers go to fast food restaurants more often than they did in the past because fast food restaurants are everywhere in Korea. Also there are some kinds of fast food pizza hamburger French fries and so on. They are quite tasty not too expensive to eat but not nutritious. First fast foods are good in terms of cost. There are many kinds of restaurants in Korea Japanese restaurants Chinese restaurants restaurants for steak and so on. But these restaurants are very expensive to go to eat so teenagers don't go to these kinds of restaurant except when they go to eat with their parents at those restaurants. In contrast fast food restaurants are not expensive than those restaurants for teenagers to go with their friends so teenagers who don't have a lot of money to go to those restaurants go to fast food restaurants. They can spend time at there with their friends while eating. It is common for Korean people to see teenagers at fast food restaurants. Second in terms of taste fast foods are pretty good. There are people who don't like fast foods but most people like fast foods because these foods are quite delicious. For example my cousin who really doesn't want to eat other countries foods and always eats Korean foods likes to eat French fries. This can make people sure that fast foods are pretty tasty. However fast foods are not good in terms of nutrition. Most fast foods are very fattening compare with the quantities of them. These foods are not much for most people to make them feel stuffed after people ate and it can make people eat more. Also fast foods don't have many kinds of nutrition but they have a lot of fat. Teenagers need to eat nutritious foods than adult because they are growing so they need to eat various foods which include many kinds of nutrition. Once I've seen one research about Korean teenagers that they got fat because they ate fast foods and other kinds of western foods more compare with the past and they wanted to eat fast foods rather than Korean foods which includes more nutrition than fast foods. This is true that fast foods can make teenagers be fat because these foods have a lot amount of calories and they can change teenagers' diet. For example when I was a middle school student I ate pizza and hamburger almost every night as dinner. At that time I didn't want to eat Korean foods and as a result I gained a lot of weight. For the three factors fast foods are not quite good because the most important factor is nutrition but it doesn't mean that cost and taste are not important. People need to take in various kinds of nutrition from many kinds of food because nutrition is important to maintain one's body. Fast foods don't have much nutrition so the overall evaluation of fast foods is not good.
