Restaurants and people The purpose of people who eat different kinds of food is to live happy. What make theses people happy is to be healthier and more flexible when they do exercising. If somebody does not eat very well he might have bad healthy or other diseases. I came from a place where they have such as these diseases specially diabetes and high pressure. These diseases may cause many others diseases at the end. For example my grandmother has died when I way little because she has had a diabetes which has caused a heart attack suddenly. Similarly for others who died in the same disease that my grandmother has had. Everybody must make mistakes in their life but a few of us could realize that. Fast food is our big mistake that might cause other diseases such as heart attach or diabetes. However nobody has ever eaten from the fast food restaurants. These restaurants make the food faster than the usual. Nevertheless they have some differences between each others. Some of them are good in some points but others are not. As an illustration McDonald is one of the most famous restaurants in the world because of its cheap. Anyone can go there to buy whatever they want by cheap prices. Although they do not have that good service that makes you feel comfortable toward them people sometimes may go again to buy food from there because of its cheap. Furthermore these kind of restaurants is available everywhere which is easy to find them. If someone was traveling anywhere in the world they might find these restaurants in their way. Fresh food is the principle and the basis of the quality of the food. McDonalds do not have that delicious food for many reasons such as keep the prices down and to be faster. Therefore they rarely sell a good food for the customers by the same quality that others do. However I like to go there just to buy ice cream which is actually my favorite rather than others. Ice cream is something different if I buy it from McDonald. Something is unique in the taste and in the kind. On the other hand cheesecake factory is kind of an expensive restaurant in the U. S. Nevertheless they can make the tasteful food in different kind of food such as sea food or others. Cheesecake factory is a nice place to eat and to date with someone. It is a good place to spend your money in that has at least a good service and an incredible food. These kinds of restaurants are not available in each place in the U. S. Therefore they are very unique by this way. In additional good food and service gather people to go to this place again and again. However keeping the prices down are what the customers looking for. Although it is kind of expensive restaurant they are better than others. Many restaurants have some advantages that may not others have. They are many other restaurants that might have good food with less expansive than others but they did not show up yet. For example in my country we have some restaurants that have everything wonderful such as delicious food nice service and cheap but unfortunately they are unhealthy a little. It has a lot of oil and fresh vegtables. However these restaurants are better than McDonald or ANON_NAME_0. Eventually determining which restaurant belongs to you is what customer prefers. Nevertheless having a unique food is what people coke in their house. Kitchen is the only place that people can make their food by themselves and be complacent.
