International students are students who study in universities or institutes outside their country. Most of the international students are in early adulthood and they have different purposes. Some of the students study in foreign countries to increase their language abilities and knowledge and some of them aim to ahead in higher position in their education degree. Yet international students face different pressures to enroll or complete their studying. Some of these pressures are the financial requirements different language and different culture. The first pressure is the financial requirement which students need it to register in each course in abroad universities or institutes. If you are moving to another country you need to manage your finance requires. In fact studying outside your country frequently needs financial supports to make sure that you are ready to start your studying and graduating. For example the students need money to travel conformation and they need to supply materials. Several number of international students cannot complete their studying moreover they won't be able to achieve a certificate because they don't have enough financial aid. The second pressure students might face it is the difference in languages. The majority of international students who come from different provinces have to be excellent in English language. For that reason most institutes and universities must examine students the language tests. Students need to pass in language tests for instance TOEFL and IELTS tests to join the university they have chosen. Most of the international students didn't study English language enough in their own counties. Therefore some students might need many courses to be able to pass language tests. The difference between students and the host country culture might be the third pressure. International students come from different cultures which means that they have different ways of life and thinking. Beliefs manners religions and dresses are relating to culture and it should be respected from other students. The difference in culture possibly will cause difficulty in connecting with other students and instructors. Some students could have difficulty to accept other students thinking and believes. Also students may have manners against the host country culture and rules. Thus they will be uncomfortable and can't be adapting with other students and the rule of the host country. In conclusion international students are studying in foreign countries to improve their language and completed their higher education. Some of them are being under pressure because of several difficulties. These difficulties are the financial requirements the difference in language and the difference in culture. However students must challenge the difficulties because a foreign degree is accepted more than a native one mainly which receive from certain countries.
