OUTLINE professional life academic life personal life house husband student exercise cook friends family wife english scores homework papers boss psychologist GRE emotions Near 30 years old Are you married single or just with many goals in your life Do you feel tired or exited with your daily activities to find your dreams Many people can feel that or ask these questions in one moment in their life. Is probably if you feel many kinds of emotions everyday when you want to continue with your personal steps to find your goals. You can feel personal pressure to find everything that you want. However is important to take a breath and time to think about each one of your life's roles. In my personal case I'm having three important roles in my life and all of those are important and are related. In all of those I must give my best effort and taking advantage of this moment in my life. In my personal role as the woman as wife as friend as daughter I consider personal objectives to reach. Sometimes I feel frustrated because I can't do anything that I would like to do. However I try to look the positive side on my life in each one of my experiences and I can feel better. For example I married one year and half before and everyday I am trying to keep my family with a lot of tons of love of comprehension and with happiness. Although not is easy to be happy everyday I keep a close communication with my husband about our personal emotions and that is helpful for us. About my house I like to have a beautiful house but sometimes I don't have enough time to clean everything that I would like to clean. For this reason I did a deal with my husband about our house assignments to keep our house like we want. Cooking is another important aspect in our daily living but the slow cooker is a wonderful tool to do a quickly and healthy food for us almost everyday. About my friends and my family I don't have much time to do something together but Facebook and Skype are important and innovative systems to keep in touch with them. Finally if I have time to think how important is to be optimistic and give my best effort to grow everyday I will learn from my experiences and to feel better with those although I can't do everything. In my academic role I have also many goals and activities to do. My first goal is to start my Masters Degree. I want Master in Public Health or Health Administration in The University of Pittsburgh. For both I should have a higher English level and competitive scores in the GRE Graduated Records Examination . Right now I am studying English in the ELI and preparing for my TOEFL test there. I am taking three classes Reading Writing and Grammar and I think that are very necessary and helpful for my English skills. I didn't start my preparation for my GRE because I don't have enough time to do that but I must start after the TOEFL test. Sometimes I feel anxious because I think if I will be capable to understand everything in English but finally I practice with my daily activities in Pittsburgh American City English city and taking advantage of my opportunities with all around me. In my professional role is important for me had been started my first experience in United States. I am Psychologist and I have 7 years of experience in my country. I won a scholarship in Spain and there I could know important factors to understand how the Psychology field in Europe is. However United States is a different culture and has another important factors and kinds of work in each field. I started my Research volunteer with a friendly and smart PhD in Psychology. Everyday I can learn many things from her and improve my knowledge and professional growing. The experience to know how the Psychology field in United States is gives to me a significant opportunity to fortify me as the professional. Summarizing and concluding is important to have a positive and optimistic attitude for each one of your role's life. My personal advice is to think carefully what are your goals and your steps to find those. Take a time to do a conscientious schedule take a time to practice some kind of exercise take a time to breath and to stay with yourself. The most important reason to be happy is to be congruent with your thoughts your acts and your emotions.
