Chinese calendar In China today everyday has two dates one depends on the western calendar and the other depends on the Chinese calendar. When you have an appointment with somebody you should tell him her the western date. But the Chinese calendar is still used for marking traditional holidays. Nowadays the Chinese calendar is a traditional calendar and is used in China Korea and some other Asian countries. According to legend the Chinese calendar is developed during the third millennium BC. Wikipedia tell us The earliest archaeological evidence of the Chinese calendar appears on oracle bones of the late second millennium BC Shang dynasty. The Chinese calendar was kept changing till the Western Han dynasty 104 BC . Today the Chinese calendar is determined in the Chinese Time Zone by the Purple Mountain Observatory outside Nanjing using modern astronomical equations. In the Chinese calendar each month follows one cycle of the moon and the fifteenth day in every month is the full moon date. Usually each year has 12 regular months as the western calendar which are numbered in sequence 1 to 12 . Every second or third year has 13 months. The added month's name is Run month which may come after any regular month. And this year is named Run year. There is similar rule in the Western calendar every four year the February has 29 days the added day is similar with the added month in the Chinese calendar. There are two kinds of special dates in the Chinese calendar. One is holidays and the other is Jieqis . The drafters of the Chinese calendar defined 24 special dates as Jieqis. Jieqi can be translated as nodes of weather. Some Jieqis' names describe weather. For example Start of Spring Start of Summer Start of Autumn and Start of Winter. These four dates just are one season starts. And the other Jieqis' names describe nature for instance Awakening of Insects on this day hibernating insects awake Minor Snow means snow starts falling. Actually Jieqi tells us the change of the weather. It is quite important to farmers. They decide when to plant or harvest crops depend on Jieqi. Chinese traditional holidays are all defined by the Chinese calendar. The most important festival is Chinese New Year the first day of Chinese calendar. On that day families gather and celebrate for 15 days traditionally. The last day of Chinese New Year celebration is Lantern Festival another traditional holiday. Some Chinese traditional holidays are related to the weather for example Double Ninth Festival usually is middle of October in Western calendar. On that day people always climb the mountain hike and have a flower show. The cause of these activities is the weather. Another holiday is similar with western holiday. The month 7 day 7 in the Chinese calendar is a festival for lovers equivalent to Valentine's Day. Until now the Chinese calendar has an effect on people's life in food clothes and activities. In some specific dates Chinese eat some traditional Chinese foods. Chinese think these foods are healthy for body. Definitely Chinese calendar is an important part of Chinese culture.
