The Pandit family has serious problems with money. If they continue along the same path they will increase their deficit and might file for bankruptcy. In this paper we are going to give them some advice. First there are different ways to cut their expenses. They should be more responsible with money and change some of their behaviour. They also should adopt a new discipline if they want to reduce their debt. For example they might stop buying expensive things such as cars or stuff for their house. Even if Ray needs a big and beautiful house for his job now it's time to save money and think about what they really need and what is really important for the future children . Next when we look into the details of their expenses it seems very simple to find some possible ways to save money easily. There are a lot of things that they should reduce such as electricity it's not difficult to turn off the TV or the light when it's not in use vacation camping is cheap for example phone with internet and Skype the phone is free clothing just take good care of it or charity you can give money only when you have enough for your family . In this manner they would be able to save around 20 000 a year table 1 and stop being in the red. Third if they really want to make more money because they think it's not enough or too hard to cut expenses the mother could find a part time job except if it's a cultural problem . In my opinion though it's not necessary the father earns enough money to support his family and can't work more. It's better if Maribel stays at home to make the most that she can by herself with her father's help. For example cooking instead of buying prepared foods might help to save more money and it's the same if the children would take the bus to go to school instead of using the family's car. Now if they succeed in saving money they should have plan for their financial future. To be realistic they don't have a safety net in case of trouble and that's why the best solution is to invest money each month in a bank account for many years. This money grows in time by earning compound interest. If they save 300 dollars a month with a rate of 6 they are going to have almost 8200 in two years so in ten or twenty years it becomes really worthwhile. Finally they should take out a life insurance policy in order to help the family if Ray dies. They also should have medical insurance to cover Meribel's father's health problems because they cost him 2400 a year. For that they should see a medical advisor to make the best choice. Moreover they should think about how they are going to pay for the future education of their children so they should save money for that too in a different bank account. Now to help Ritu they might try to find a sponsor for her and stop hiring a coach and a tutor by sending her to a boarding school specialized in sports if she really wants to continue the ice skating. To conclude even if it's difficult to change some parts of their lives by saving money they might find it easier to pay bills taxes mortgage house pay back Ray' sister and have a secure life. Moreover over time the value of the house might increase and it will be easier to borrow money from the bank.
