I think Pandit family's overall financial situation isn't so good. So they should reduce some of their expenses and save money. They have two ways to cut their expenses. First they should cut vacation expenses until they can get out of debt. Because there will be heavy travel expenses for Maribel and Ritu's visiting home. Second they shouldn't get out of hand the charity donations because they have deficit now so I don't think they can afford to expense the charity donations. They also have several solutions to save money for current expenses. First they can save money if they reduce to buy clothing because they already have many clothes so they don't have to buy other lots of clothes. Second they should reduce to spend money for furniture and appliances because they already have furniture so they should spend money just some appliances when they really need it. Third if they always turn off lights when they go out they can receive small amount of bill about electricity. Finally if Ray sell his Lexus car and buy another cheaper car it also helps to save money because an architect doesn't have to drive such a expensive car. If they want to make more money Maribel should work in part time job. Because Ray works 14 hours a day but they're still in the red. I think it's very hard to work 14 hours a day so he can't work more than 14 hours a day. The reason of part time job is that Maribel has to take care of her daughter Ritu. So I think she can't work in full time job but she can try to work in part time job. Now they need a plan for their financial future. First they should cut and reduce their money because after they do that they can save some money and gradually get out of debt. Second when they can save some money they should get life insurance because the life insurance can help when they have problem in future. If they want to get help with medical costs they should get medical insurance. I think the medical insurance is very important because if one of the family members goes to hospital with medical insurance they can pay cheaper than before. If they want to get help with education costs Ritu should find a sponsor because the sponsor will give a lot of money to Ritu. If the Pandit family follows my opinion especially cutting and saving getting insurance I believe they will live without debt in future. And then they don't have to worried about money problem because maybe Ray still earn his salary and Ritu will be professional ice skater.
