Health and Chinese Diet One fourth people on the earth are in China. The consumption of food might be the biggest one country. If Chinese want to change the diet that might lead the agriculture change. Actually the changes are happening more and more now. People who lived 35 years ago and people who are living China now have different opinions about their diet. In term of dealing with nutrition and out eating need more scientific direction for Chinese people. Nutrition is a famous word for Chinese now and people like to learn more information about their diet and make some changes in their life. Go back the Chinese 35 years ago. The food in China are not enough and the west call it is a poverty country. That's true. So nobody cared their nutrition also people had a little knowledge about nutrition. Some wrong concepts influenced people. For example if a person invited friends they might cook meat such as chicken or pork to show their fervent serving. That meant they thought that were the best foods. By the way they used to cooking foods with a lot of oil. The fried foods as a traditional diet in the New Year Festival were very popular in north of China. As some experts said the fried foods are not only added calories that make deep fried food less healthful but that are the high heat . However in China more and more people are caring their diet. Some of people gave up the fried foods or just ate a little. The vegetables and fruits become the favorite foods for young people especially for young females. Especially some of group such as patient or pregnant are totally based on the expert's suggestion. Lesson the salt on the diet. Add the milk and yogurt. Adapt some cooking style. The good idea is instead of the wrong one but people need to change more bad habits in the future. In some big city going out instead cooking at home become a fashion. More and more people enjoy going out. They buy a breakfast on a restaurant where just serve breakfast. They like to a fast food restaurant for their lunch because there near their offices. They also like go out for dinner with friends because there are delicious. Many new couples still keep a completely new kitchen after they got marriage two or three years. The various restaurants fix their stomachs. It convenient the young people who really don't like cooking but they need careful what kind of restaurant they usually visit. The McDonald is popular in the U. S also in China. The children are so attached by the McDonald's playground and tools even some of children just eat the homburg nothing ales. Overweight children in some big city become a common problem. There were 2 of overweight children in China in1988. But now in big cities this figure has surpassed for 16 mark . Maybe lose weight will become a fashion. Eating out help people save their time but they need to distinguish the health way and unhealthy foods. Information from the 2006 China Food and Nutrition Forum shows that by the end of 2005 China had 23. 65 Million people living below poverty line. At the same time many people in the country suffer from over nutrition. So when some people get rich or still living below poverty line they both need to lean some information about healthy diet. Reference 1 ANON_NAME_0 Mirkin a doctor of Mirkin Medical Consultants ANON_URLSPAGE_3 ANON URLPAGE
