Topic The different and similes in food and eating habits between Chile and the United States Last August I arrived to the USA from my country Chile my first impression was amazing because all things were so new for me here specially the language. I was worried about the language because this is my first time in a country where all the people speak English. Also to my surprise that wasn't the biggest complication. The worst started when I ate my first meal in the United States. They are so subtle similarities and differences at the same time relative to food and eating habits between Chile and the USA. In essence the similarities were the ingredients. We have the same ingredients for everything the same vegetables the same fruits and the meats are the same too. For example beef chicken pork turkey fish etc. The basic group of ingredients is the same which made me very happy. Then when I checked the menu for me was splendid because the names of dishes are the same too. Some names just changed a little for the translations. But the main idea was the same for example the salad was prepared with the same vegetables and the barbeque with the same meats. All was perfect for me until I ordered my dish. There started the differences. However the preparation was completely different between both countries. They have different ways of cooking. In Chile we are used to baking many of our dishes and in the USA almost all the dishes are fried. Actually my biggest surprise was when the waitress gave me my salad and I saw the french fries inside. That was so strange because I never saw that before it was strange but delicious. After that the waitress gave me a bowl full with dressing for my salad many kinds of dressings with different flavors for all kinds of taste. We just use lemon juice salt and a few drops of olive oil for dressing the vegetables. That experience was delicious because that day I tried more than four different dressing for my salad. Another difference was the kind of food that composes each meal for example the bacon in the USA is so common see bacon in almost all dishes like pastas sandwiches salads another. For me is really complicated and disgusting eat bacon with fried eggs for my breakfast that is too much heavy for my stomach. I would prefer a cup of milk with fruit or maybe a slice of bread with butter. Finally in my opinion we have similarities and differences about food and eating habits between both countries. Rather that the different are best part because I can experiment with new flavors and new dishes with the same ingredients. The most important thing is that I can learn a lot about the customs traditions and culture in the USA my new home for a couple of years.
