Real Madrid and Barcelona Football Clubs For more than 100 years the the two biggest regions in Spain Castilla and Catalonia and their capitals Madrid and Barcelona respectively have been fighting about who is the best whether it's culturally socially politically or even in sports. In the past things got a bit bloody in the era of the late dictator Franco and that's why nowadays any game between the two teams is something to watch. The name El Clasico is used to describe the match between the arch rivals Los Blancos Real Madrid The Whites and El Blaugrana Barcelona The Blue Maroon . No matter where you are in this world if you are a soccer fan you need to pick a side. And I did that along time ago. First of all the two giants share a lot in common. They might not like that but these are the facts. Both teams share with another team Athletic Bilbao the honor that they have never been relegated to the second division in their long history. Although what really makes those teams different from any other club in the world is the fact that they are 100 owned by the fans. No company or rich billionaire owns the club. Thats why we feel like a part of the team. Secondly the differences between the two clubs are more than we can count and they go all the way back to the 30's and 40's. At that time Franco's regime suppressed all the regions in Spain. Because of that Catalonia decided to rebel against him. They came up with their own language and their own flag and until this day in Barcelona they speak Catalan and not Spanish. Another differens is that Barcelona is the only sports team in the world that does not display any advertising on their shirts. One of the biggest differences between the two is that Barcelona focuses on bringing the big names there regardless of what the team needs while Real Madrid brings players based on the coach's needs. In conclusion looking back at their history since their first match back in 1902 you will easily recognize that when it comes to winning titles there is only one team. Real Madrid has won 58 national titles and 18 international including a record 9 European cups. Real Madrid is by far the dominant team in the world and that's why they were named the club of the twentieth century.
