Comparison essay 1. Type of food Prepare Ingredients Freshness 2. Eating habits How to eat Serving Main cuisine 1. Fast food Types For preparation Dressing and drinks with food As a Saudi I have been here in the United States for almost four months and have had a lot of different types of food. Saudi Arabia and United States are two countries with obvious differences. The culture is an integral part for each country and between those two cultures there are huge differences but probably they have a little similarity on a few aspects. Saudi Arabia and the US have different types of food and eating habits on the other hand they have something in common in fast food. Saudi Arabia and the United States have different types of food which are used to eat and preparation of food as well. For example in Saudi Arabia food preparation take long time. In contrast in the United States preparation takes less time because it's easy to cook most food and usually American people depend on microwave food. Ingredients in those two countries are completely different. For instance in United States people prefer different kind of ingredients depend on the cultural background because United States is a multicultural society. However in Saudi Arabia most of food ingredients are rice meat and chicken with some kinds of vegetable. Main cuisine in Saudi Arabia is Kabsah. However here in the United States as a multicultural society there is no special cuisine it depends on the origin of the individual. For example if the origin of the person is from Italy his main cuisine would be pizza and pasta and that sort of thing or it might be his origin is from somewhere else and he has those favorite meals. Another factor which is different between those counties is eating habits. Usually in Saudi Arabia as a Middle East Countries we have get used to eating with our hand different from people in the United States who eat with spoons forks and knives. For instance when I come here in the beginning I used to eat with my hands but one of my American friends told me that they consider it as impolite to eat like that so I changed it and I got used to eating with spoons knives and forks. Serving in Saudi Arabia is usually on a big plate and people share together from the same plate. On the other hand here in the United States usually they eat from individual plates everybody has his special plate. Freshness in Saudi Arabia is a very important factor which differs than United States which does not consider that as an important factor. As a foreign student here in the beginning it was difficult for me because I was used to eating fresh food. Fast food has a massive influence in these two countries but probably it's more popular in the United States than Saudi Arabia however it's more popular in Saudi Arabia in big cities. Restaurants which are here in United States are the same as Saudi Arabia. For example fast food restaurants like McDonalds and Applebee's start to change food concept among the people. In my country a lot of Saudi people now prefer fast food than Saudi cuisine because it's more convenient and easy to prepare or probably as type of change. Time to prepare is fastest and saves time both in Saudi Arabia and United States. For instance I prefer to eat big Mac if I'm hurry instead of waiting for Kabsah to get ready. Dressing and drinks which are the same now in Saudi Arabia are very common in United States cuisines. For example most of my meals now or when I was in Saudi Arabia I eat with Coke or any kind of soft drinks and put dressing on my salad and sandwiches. In summary Saudi Arabia and United States are distinct in their cultures although they might have something in common. They are differing in types of food and eating habits. However they have the same passion for fast food restaurants.
