Previous Me and Present Me Going abroad for me is a big challenge. I have been in the United States for one month. In a totally different place such as the new culture and the new environment can change me a lot. I want to show what changes happened to me what I have been through and to summarize the first month. It's necessary to improve myself. There are some similarities and differences between the previous me and present me such as ambition independently and attitude. First I have some characters that have never changed between the two periods. No matter in China or in United States I always have ambition. I believe that talent is not born by accident. The appropriate environment the right education can make a person become talented and confident. Another thing that I have never changed is that I am always optimistic. In my opinion if I work hard I can overcome any difficulties. I think my life is filled with opportunities and hope. Second there are some changes happened to me during my new life in the United States. Compared with similarities there are more differences. First of all after the one month I have learned more about independently. In China everything depends on my parents. Even just housework is done by my mother. Now I do everything by myself. Secondly I have eaten my mum's cooking for more than ten years so I was bored with that. On the contrary I miss the flavor of my mum's cooking so much now. In addition in the past I was always impatient with my mother. Sometimes maybe it made her upset. But now I have become sensible and mature. When I was talking to my mum she said I was growing up and she was very proud of me. Lastly I used to be very lazy and never did exercises. Now I go to the gym everyday when my classes are over. I do this in order to form a better life habits that can make me healthier so my parents needn't worry about me. To conclude there are some similarities and differences between the previous me and present me. The positive things in my mind have never changed but I have abandoned some shortcomings during the first month. In the future I will become better and achieve my goal.
