Rajiv Ray 35 is an architect and her wife Maribel 31 is a homemaker. They have three children. Their first born daughter Ritu would be so talented in ice skated. They pay Ritu's training at ice skating and their two other children college educations. Maribel's father Arturo lives with them and they also pay all of his expenses. Ray's occupation need to pay a lot of money to decorate their house. He has some debts from his sister and still has to work 14 hours a day to make all the payments. Hence they have a dangerous financial situation. I will give the Pandit family some advice about a solution to their financial problems. I believe if they cut their expenses it's a useful way to decrease their deficit. They can decrease several dispensable expenses. For example car expenses electricity gas clothing vacations entertainment and charity donations. They can change their expensive car decrease times to use car to save gas fare temporary buy a little of clothing decrease vacations times and entertainment fare. They can ponder their economical situation to pay charity donations. It is impossible ways to save money for current expenses. We know their annual income total is 105 000 and their yearly expense total is 113 181. We can see the running in the red. Hence it is impossible to save money for current expenses. I don't believe the ways to make more money is thinkable to help them to get out of debt. First Ray may come from a culture where it is not usual for married women to hold jobs outside the home so Maribel is a homemaker she doesn't go out to work to earn money. Second Ray already has to work 14 hours a day to make all payments I don't think he has more time to get another job. Maribel's father is maybe too old to work. Hence there is not enough capacity in this family to make more money. I believe the ways to plan for their financial future is helpfully slow down to add their deficit. First make a cash flow table to help them know how they use their own money and also easy to see how the family's expenses could get out of hand. Second find the needless expenses from bills and try to cut them. Third list the necessary expenses and give budget for each payment. It will easy understand how much money can work for them. In my opinion they can buy medical insurance to get help with their medical costs. Even though they will pay insurance bills every month but if they choose the adaptable insurance should be helpful reduce medical expenses. In education costs they can find a school to cultivate professional skaters and also give them regular education. Hence they only pay tuition to school not extra pay a private tutor to teach Ritu school work. In my opinion that cut their expenses plan for their financial future and get help with medical and education costs are realistic ways to solve their financial situation.
