I've been here about 2 months and I have experienced different culture here U. S not only foods but also living clothing. At first I'm confused so I was worried about ordering foods that taste good for me at a restaurant wearing clothes that American people don't understand and making mistakes because I don't know American culture well. But I am getting adapted. There are several cultural differences between Korea and U. S. That I have figured out. First Korean housing is different from American housing. Most Korean people want to buy a big place in the city like an apartment or house. It's a goal for a Korean to have a big house to live with family. For example my parents' first goal was to have a house after their marriage. So they bought a house with the money they had made for several years and even borrowed from the bank. After then they made money and sold the house and bought a bigger house. They did this process three times. Korean think the house is the best property. My parents think so. But many American people don't think to have a big house is most important. American commonly rent an apartment or house to live. In the movie or drama owning house or not is not important to American people. It seemed they enjoy their life or develop themselves with saved money and effort. And it is interesting for me that many apartments in U. S. Belong to the management company. Second the food is different between Korea and the U. S. Too. Most Korean eat rice soup and side dishes at every meal. But American eat different foods at each meal. They eat cereal with milk or some bread for breakfast. And they enjoy hamburger spaghetti sandwich or pizza for lunch or dinner. And many Korean foods are hot and contain many vegetable that I like. For instance to have those features Kimchi jjigae that is a soup with Korean traditional food Kimchi is very hot and contains vegetable. However most of American food are salty and have much meat. Sometimes I can't eat a hamburger or sandwich because that has salty hams. Third attitude for their family is deferent. Korean parents are very devoted to their children. For instance many parents think although they had not eaten enough food in childhood or not graduated the university but it is even more important to them that their children have enough to eat and graduate from the university. They are the generation after war so they were poor in childhood. That is a kind of appearance of compensation about their past. On the other hand American parents get along with their children like friends. I think it's very good for their education. They talk with their parents about their problem dream. They can make right decision and also learn about communication. At the end there are many cultural differences between Korea and U. S. There are no better or worse. Those cultures have developed from each other environment of those countries. As I'm a student studying abroad. I'm learning and understanding U. S. Culture. And I'll choose reasonal aspects this is a special rights of foreign students.
