Compare and Contrast between Plays and Movies One day my nephew asked me about the differences between plays and movies. He wanted to know more about them because he and his classmates discussed that at school. I asked him What do you enjoy more . He said I've never been in plays before. Then I started describe the characteristics of plays. I told him that I enjoyed plays more when I was child because it was popular at those days. He was very excited to know more when I started talking about plays. Then I explained to him the main differences and similarities between plays and movies. First Both have many things in common. For examples Both of them depend on story that has a plot. Also they all must have a writer director producer actors and other workers. Plays and movies have actions that the audience watch. Then he said ok if they are the same in the main basic things why they are different I said ok but they are still different in other ways . We watch plays live and out on the stage but we watch movies on screen. This difference will affect the reaction of the audience and the way the actors perform their actions. Also this difference can help the actors in movies to edit review and cut as much as they want. On the other hand Actors in plays can't have these privilege. According to audience they need to wait for play's actors to change their clothes between each scene but in movies the series of action continue as the audience watch. The other important difference is the cost plays' tickets are more expensive than the movies' tickets. Time consuming is important in deciding which one you want to watch either movies or plays because movies last approximetly for 90 120 minutes but plays last for 180 250 minutes. Basically these are the main differences and similarities between plays and movies. They have the same sense of entertainement but in a different flavor. Some people prefer plays because they like live performance and some people prefer movies because it is shorter and cheaper. The best explanation for you is to attend any play. Then you can compare easily between them.
