Introduction Ray makes a good salary but he is not realistic because he has an expensive lifestyle. His salary is not enough to cover his expenses so I will give some advice to the Pandit family about a solution to their financial problems. First They get out of hand their expenses so I think they have to cut their 2 large expenses. Home mortgage expense is the largest expense 36 000 so If they sell their beautiful home then they can rent smell cheap apartment. They said that it will cost about 500 to rent a smell apartment in paragraph 6. So they can reduce home mortgage annual expense until 6 000 500 X 12month . Car expense is the second large expense. And Ray has Lexus. It's value 28 000. So if he sell his Lexus then they can buy small car. Maybe 300 a month to pay for and run car. Because they said that 300 a moth to pay for and run another car in paragraph 6. Second he gets into debt the government 8 000 and They were able to make up this deficit last year by taking a loan from Ray's sister. They have to get out of debt. If they these two ways to cut their expense then they can save money and get out of debt. Additionally if they cut their other expense then they save more money. If they buy cheap clothing then they didn't spend lots of money for clothing and they save money. I think they already have furniture so if they don't change their furniture then they didn't spend money for furniture and save money. They spend about 300 a monthly on calls to their families in India and the Dominican Republic. So if they use the internet call then they didn't spend money for call. Third if Maribel can work with Ray then they can make more money. If Ray changes his' job for a high salary they can make more money. Forth they should cut their expenses then they can save money for their financial future. And they should insure life insurance for their financial future. Fifth Ray pays Maribel father's medical bills. So I think medical insurance get help with medical cost. They spend about 6000 for Ritu's ice skating education. She is a talented ice skater so they can find sponsor. The sponsor can help her ice skating education cost. Conclusion I hope that they cut their expenses and save money and make more money so Ritu will compete in the Olympics on day.
