1. Individual Psychological problems Divorces Idle rate 2. Economy Companies Banks Small business 3. Social Gap increased between a low income and rich Expensive Social values changed An economy in a country is a stable condition which would influence people's income. Stock exchange market is one of a several factors which have an affect on people's income. When it falls down it has a severe strike on people's life. In Saudi Arabia from 2004 up to now many people suffer because of stocks collapse in many aspects individually economy and socially. After the stocks collapse many people lost their money which have potentials to the people complain from psychological problems. For example many Saudi people take appointments with psychiatrist and consulted them. Due to stocks collapse there are many divorces cases in the courts. Idle rate has increased because many Saudi found that stock market earns much money than their jobs. Because of this a lot of Saudi people quite from work and join stock market. Unfortunately they lose their jobs and money. In economy issues many companies declared their bankruptcies because of stocks collapse. For instance important company Beshah Agriculture declared their bankruptcy after the stocks collapse banks suffer from stocks collapse because people couldn't pay back their loans. People with small business suffered as a result of stocks collapse. Socially as result of stocks collapse the gap between a low income and rich people is increased. For example pauper people are increased due to this problem. Markets owner's increase products fees to compromise their loses in stocks. Social values changed because people become money seeker and Saudi people weren't like these before. In summary most of Saudi people suffer from stocks collapse because most of people were working on it and some of them quite work in stock market. On the other hand others are still to compromise their loses. As a result of stocks collapse many people suffer individually economy and socially. As result of this chaos situation my recommendation is that stays away from stocks market in general and keep your money for you. CMA Suspends Exchange of Bishah Agriculture Shares. Arab News. 2007. GulfBase Online. 20 Oct. 2008 ANON_URLSPAGE_NewsArchiveDetails. Aspx n 34915 . Shadizubeidi. A closer look at the Saudi stock market suggests that disappointment is misplaced as the regulator's initiatives to give a structural boost are an appropriate level of response. Gulf News. 08 June 2008. 20 Oct. 2008 ANON_URLSPAGE_gnqfr32007 markets 10219480. Html
