The effects of divorce on family life In modern society there are many cases of divorce. Unfortunately the rate of divorce is becoming higher from ANON_URLSPAGE_Why Divorce Rates Increased . Divorce causes both family and society have undesirable negative effects. Through 3 kinds of aspects such as children parents and sexual problems I would like to talk about effects of divorce on family life. At first divorce might influence children strongly on negative way. When one divorce there would be no father or mother to them any more. It means although they can meet missing person sometime that could not be all the time in their house. In other case as soon as one divorce immedietly one gets marry again. Then the children of them have to live with new family. However it is never easy to making new family to the children. And somehow the children must be older when they become adults for divorce of their parents they might be afraid of marriage. Because they learned that marriage could destroy the life of all members of the family. Secondly divorce also affects the parents. If one divorce he has to do both role of father and mother to their children. Because everything to do in family one person has to do it it must be hard to do it. And in case of women if they used to be house wives economic problem could be hugh burden to them At last divorce also makes serious problems to society. After someone divorce the man does not have a partner who having sex regularly. Consequently the man might get big stress from that. And the matter about sex triggers to be become lower of population in the society. In conclusion divorce is not only solution for every family. Even though some people is needed divorce for better life because it connected children and a society complicatedly it is never easy to satisfy all compositions. Therefore the making lower a number rate of divorce is requirement for everybody. For this reason the cases of negative results of divorce must be informed to the people.
