In all cities in the world it's possible to find public transportation which helps people to go to work or just to help them for whatever they want every day. All are more or less expensive more or less diverse more or less useful and more or less fast. Actually it's very important for students all over the world. It's an important part of their life and most of the time the only way to go to the college to a party or just to go back home. In terms of gratuitousness security and usefulness public transportation in Pittsburgh is pretty good. However in terms of cleanliness effectiveness and variety there's a lot of progress to be made. To begin public transportation is very useful in Pittsburgh. It's a big town with a lot of things to do so when you are a student sometimes it's good to have something free to help you to go somewhere. It's helpful when one wants to do shopping or go to the library or just see a football game downtown. In this way students can also save money on gas. Actually the bus company is affiliated with the universities and that's why students never pay. Moreover it's a very secure way to save lives and money. When someone wants to have fun with his friends in a pub or just to have a good dinner in a great restaurant with his co workers it's dangerous to use a car or just boring to go back home by walking and very expensive to call a taxi but it's pretty sure that there will be a bus. In addition there are a lot of bus stops all over town buses day and night and connection between the different areas of Pittsburgh. In any case the bus drivers are almost all nice and helpful. On the other hand the buses are dirty and crowded and most of the time full. These problems are due in part to the infrequency of buses and in part to a lack of organisation. For example if one has a bus quickly he is lucky but most of the time people wait for fifteen or twenty minutes to have one. The only situation where it is good to wait is when someone has finished a party and needs to throw up before going back home. Moreover there are many buses all at once and then nothing for a long time. It would be nicer to have one every five or ten minutes. To continue with this idea it's very difficult to understand how the bus works even if you are native to Pittsburgh. For many people public transportation is expensive and confusing 1 and they lose a lot of time learning how to go to a specific place. What is striking here is the price for those who must pay. When one is a non driver or can't have a car in town because it's too expensive gas parking it seems very important and helpful to have access to a good public transportation system. It can be more attractive to a big city. Similarly there is only one manner to use public transportation. In large cities all over the world such as Paris New York San Francisco Moscow or Rome there's the choice between buses subways trains and sometimes streetcars but in Pittsburgh it's only the bus. The only subway connects a car park with the downtown and only the corporate workforce uses it. To conclude even if public transportation is not really nice in Pittsburgh it sometimes gives the possibility to speak with people who travel with you or just smiling. It would be interesting to know what the citizens think and what they want to do to improve this problem. I'm convinced that it wouldn't take much time to change the system and think about how to add new things in order to help people to start the workday in a more enjoyable manner. 1 ANON URLPAGE
