The effects of divorce on family life After the period or the phase of marriage which are full of love and emotions beginning some problems which create the life between the man and woman difficult and . As a result of these problems gets the divorce between the parents. There are several effects of divorce on family life some effects fall on child's personality and some are on the woman and some other fall on the man. First of all divorce family breakdown and its effects on the child's personality the child is part of the family when the divorce gets between his or hem parents there will create some aggression that children have them toward their parents and rest of society . Also the children who their parents are divorced always make or constant comparisons between them and other children who live with constant families this creates some problems and aggression toward all children especially families healthy. Next thing divorce is a tremendous stress and the effects of divorce on women can be devastating because the women are usually affected emotionally. Also she thinks that she will never be happy again with remarriage. Moreover she will face some economic problems and there is a study to refer to Matthijs 1 Analyses of the economic consequences of divorce have emphasized the negative effect of divorce for women . I also noticed that more psychological and physical diseases that afflict women are after divorce. Finally actually the divorce will be affected on men they will lose who can help him resources to deal with and understand their emotions. Also in the same study that I indicated in second paragraph it demonstrates effect of the divorce of men these effects are social and psychological thus these problems will affect on their future such as career and relationships. Unlike a woman the man thinks that he will be happy again with another woman and remarriage will be quickly. In conclusion doubtless there are a lot of effects on family life but there also are successful parents who can help their children to see that instead of feeling like their home is broken they now have two homes. They spend equal time with both parents and are a link between parents. We should put a big range to solve our marital problems and the divorce is the last solution. 1 Kalmijn Matthijs Department of Sociology Tilburg University 27 April 2005
