There are very few adult rites of passage in the United States says Glen Meakem FreeMarkets's cofounder and CEO. He also notes For better or worse the entry level job is the way many people make the transition into adulthood. That is the entry level job is one of the most important periods for adapting to the harsh business world. How to pass the transitional time can determine the future of one's career. Like other people who left school and then jumped into the real world without any deep consideration I had a hard but valuable time during my first job. Fortunately I had a colleague who helped me go through the transitional time successfully and made me feel grown up in the real competitive business world. She was an inspiring role model who had several excellent features which had a great effect on me. The first feature that I could learn from her was positive thinking. She always tried to look on the bright side even in a desperate situation. She believed that it would be better and never gave up. Her way of thinking like this was a good example of how to deal with the difficulties that I would face. Following her example I could endure the hardest time of my career. The next feature that affected me was her enthusiasm. She was passionate about work. She constantly thought about issues she had to deal with until she found the best way. Once she came up with the way she tried to demonstrate it by herself. Whenever she felt the lack of capability for doing it she was willing to study and develop herself. Her efforts to do her duty inspired me to keep developing myself to accomplish my task. Though I was unskilled I managed to do my work. As time went by I got used to the work and realized that I had more potential than I had thought which in turn encouraged me to do my job better. The last feature that influenced me was her attitude toward money and other coworkers. She worked before expecting a reward. She worked for work itself. In addition she thought in other people's shoes first and didn't' look after her own benefits. Not until I joined the competitive world did I realize that not everyone at work was reliable and that some people could take advantage of others for their own profits. Compared to them she sometimes seemed to lose out. Nevertheless she believed that she was right and never forsook her philosophy that one should not do harm to others in any reason even if she was somewhat disadvantaged. At first I couldn't understand the harsh society which was tangled with complex and unfair problems of money. However I noticed that people who were selfish to seek only immediate gains usually ended in losing their jobs after biannual performance evaluations. On the contrary those who were eager in their work like her could finally receive rewards in any way. Undergoing all these incidents I could learn how I got along with others who I worked with and that I should not be calculating and should not work only for money. Thanks to her I could do my role smoothly at my first job. As a result I could mature into a well adjusted adult and become a desirable worker. References Lieber Ron. First Jobs Aren't Child's Play. Fast Company Issue 25. May 1999. 19 October 2008. ANON URLPAGE
