Causes and Effects I lived in Kobe for 7 years before I came to the United States. The Great Hanshin Earthquake was an earthquake in Kobe. The Kinki Regional Development Bureau stated that it occurred at 5 46 in the morning of January 17th 1995. It measured Mj7. 3 Magnitude. Approximately 6400 human lives were lost. Kinki Regional Development Bureau 2002 This was the worst earthquake since the Great Kanto Earthquake in 1923. In Kobe I had a lot of opportunity to think about the effects of the earthquake. I saw the picture of the earthquake listened to friends real stories of their experiences and watched some documentaries on TV. After that I found that there are several effects of an earthquake buildings financial and people. First of all the earthquake damaged the buildings and the roads. I saw the pictures of a huge expressway and railroad that was completely crooked from the main shock. I heard from the news if it occurred one hour later thousands of people would die from rush hour. In Japan traditional houses made of woods and thickly settled especially old shopping arcade so many people died and were injured from the building collapses. On the TV I saw the news that the Self Defense Forces secured people's houses. Near the active fault area which caused the earthquake even the new concrete buildings was wrecked. Even if not injured the damage to buildings influenced people's lives a lot. Many people lost their houses or needed to repair. They gathered at the place of refuge and spent a while with no house. The earthquake also damaged schools and companies. So the society had stopped in the Kobe area. In addition the earthquake damaged the finance. Kobe is large population city and the center of manufacture and common carrier. The earthquake damaged the companies and stopped the economy. People couldn't go to work and shopping after that. National ANON_URLSPAGE_that it caused approximately ten trillion yen or 200 billion USD in damage 2. 5 Of Japan's GDP at the time. It is listed in the Guinness Book of Records as the costliest natural disaster to befall any one country. The most important damage is to people. 6 400 People died and 40 092 people were injured in the earthquake. 240 956 People lost their houses. Kinki Regional Development Bureau 2002 The government distributed food and water to the earthquake victims. Not only physically but the earthquake left them with mental problems. After the earthquake many people suffered from PTSD. In conclusion after the earthquake a lot of people's lives changed completely. The earthquake damaged buildings financial and people. A few years later after the earthquake even the buildings and economy made a remarkable recovery. Peoples mind must never recover from the shock. However even from the disaster we can learn something and we can prepare for another earthquake in future. References Kinki Regional Development Bureau Ministry of Land Infrastructure and Transport. Great Hanshin Earthquake Restoration 2002. 20 OCT 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_Great Hanshin Earthquake2003 5. 20 OCT 2008. ANON URLPAGE
