Since I went to college many experience changed my life and me my self. Kevin Hogan Psy. D. Said Who you hang out with and around changes your life. He showed people nearby influences many aspects by many ways. I was in Women's University where students' work hard and compete each other to achieve good grade. Woman schools' students' are competitive than other college students. They are nervous in scores. I was a person not accustomed to study hard and be punctual submitting homework. I hate keen competition. Suki ANON_NAME_0 Sulki was different. I had learned important skills to manage my life after I met them. Sucki is well known in my school for being punctual and hard working. Every one mentions she is a roll model. Sucki is a feature of punctual student. She is determined in doing homework. She focus on doing homework in time and I just focused on doing it. I thought 'the purpose of doing homework is to improve my ability so grade isn't that important I will do my homework by whenever it is done'. The result was good grade for Suki and bad grade for me. It made me to think it over. There was a problem. Sucki not only improved her ability by doing her homework she also gained a good grade. Managing my grade by submitting assignments in time was also an important factor as improving your skills. Because of Sucki I learned how to manage time and order the important things to do. ANON_NAME_0 is prepared person. Most students try to find there own way when they become junior or senior. She decided to be a professor at the beginning of the freshman. It was surprising to here how she managed her college life to achieve her goal. She really studied hard more than other student's in college. She couldn't satisfied with grade 'A' because score is important to be a professor. She studied 3 times harder than other students. She tried to get along with professors. This caused me to be a 'ready person' in life. Sulki and I had several same classes during Junior. Sulki is a book bug. And I could often see Sulki learning various kinds of information from books. We both have similar hobbies such as making accessories and designing elaborate designed clothes and interest in crafts. She showed me there are plenty of documents in library. I disliked reading books but because she showed benefits of reading books I became to have interest in reading books. I am glad I could be different person due to my peers in college. I will develop more than they affected me. Cause now I know how to handle my way and my life. References Kevin Hogan Psy. D. The influence of friends and those you are familiar with. ANON URLPAGE
