The effects of global warming Over the last hundred years the global temperatures have been increasing slowly. This phenomenon is called Global Warming. Global warming is a problem that threatens the whole world. Though it has had little noticeable impact on the world so far its potential impact could be disastrous which is why global warming has become an issue ever present in the media and for governments. Global warming has had several important effects on our environment. First of all one of the major effects of global warming is changes on climate. It means that there have floods in areas where floods were not very common in the past whereas there are droughts in places which were having rainfall earlier. It is caused by the temperature increase on the earth. Kevin 1997 stated that global mean temperatures have risen over the past hundred years by approximately 0. 5 Degrees C about 1 degree F . It doesn't seem like a great deal of change. However in reality different parts of the world are experiencing varied degrees of the temperature increase. For example the winter is getting noticeably shorter warmer and snowfall is more decreasing in Russia. Secondly as an effect of global warming the glaciers are retreating at rapid rate. There will be considerable increase in the water level of oceans and seas as a result of melting glaciers. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change predicts that sea levels could rise 10 to 23 inches by 2100 but in recent years sea levels have been rising faster than the upper end of the range predicted. This increase in level of seas will cover land at the coastal areas and some low lying countries may even become flooded. It will result many people losing their homes because of flooding. Finally many species will become extinct due to the increase in the temperatures. For example scientists at the National Center for Scientific Research in France has studied king penguins in the Southern Indian Ocean for nine years. The scientists found that the amount of fishes decreased because the sea surface temperature. As a result king penguins which feed on fishes have been dying out. Moreover emperor penguins have dropped from 300 pairs to just nine in the western Antarctic Peninsula and polar beers been dropping in numbers in the Arctic. Emily Lewis Brown 2007 marine and climate change officer at WWF UK said As the ice melts these icons of the Antarctic will have to face an extremely tough battle to survive. In conclusion global warming induces a lot of serious problems such as the changes on climate the melting glaciers and the extinction of species. We should realize that the global warming has damaged the environment. We should regulate our use of fossil fuels caused by global warming and participate in protection of our environment. Reference King Penguins Declining Due to Global Warming. Matt Kaplan. February 11 2008. National Geographic News. October 20 2008 ANON_URLSPAGE_Is it Getting Too Warm for Penguins Bryan Walsh. Tuesday Feb. 12 2008. TIME. October 20 2008 ANON_URLSPAGE_Thomas M. Socha M. S. The Potential Effects of Global Warming ANON_URLSPAGE_Natural Resources Defense Council. The Consequences of Global Warming. July 22 2008. October 20 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_Report Proof of Global Warming. Matt Crenson. November 15 2004. Live Science. October 20 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_Dennis O. Nelson. Global Warming and Glaciers. Water Encyclopedia. October 20 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_Global warming threatens king penguins study reports. February 12 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_NAME_0 Aldred. Bleak future for Antarctic penguins report warns. December 11 2007. October 20 2008 ANON_URLSPAGE_Discovery News. King Penguin Could Be Wiped Out by Warming. February 12 2008. October 20 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_KEVIN E. TRENBERTH. Global warming It's happening. December 4 1997. October 20 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_Yvon Le Maho. King penguin population threatened by Southern Ocean warming. The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. December 20. 2007 Paul Eccleston. Penguins now threatened by global warming. November 12 2007. October 20 2008. ANON URLPAGE
