Korea has 4 seasons. Korea which has 3 aspects seas and a lot of mountain is influenced the climate. As a result there are different lifestyle each area. So we have had various shapes of houses clothing and food. Due to gap of regional temperature Korean established distinct shape of house. Long time ago our ancestor made house of wood. According to research In Northern regions houses are closed private homes called umjib and in southern regions houses are open and are in a hut like form. Because northern regions are cold southern regions are hot. It assumed feature of floor. Southern region temperature usually rise 40 degrees Korea Korean said To avoid the humidity and heat during the summer the wooden floor is made so it doesn't touch the ground. So it helps ventilation in the house. Scholars say it was to prevent the heat in southern areas of Korea. For that reason they made wood floor. In contrast northern regions they made floor and garden inside because the regions fall heavy snow during winter. Therefore people can't go out. Also the climate influenced clothing. Our ancestor wore Han bok . It don't have traditionally short pattern. So our ancestor changed fabrics. According to traditional clothing article Clothing Material Clothes have been made from hemp ramie cotton muslin silk and satin. Cooler weather demanded heavier fabric lined with fur in the northern regions while summer clothes used thinner materials that allowed breezes to cool the body. It shows that the climate affects our clothing. But now Korean can wear short clothing so it exhibits evident difference clothing of seasons. For instance when summer is coming they wear short pants short sleeves t shirt sunglasses. But in winter it closes under 40'. At result all people have long fur coat gloves boots and hat they wear them. Last as a consequence of climate Korea developed various culture of food. Before transportation was developed people weren't easy to eat other area food. Therefore coastal regions usually cooked with seafood fish and seaweeds. Mountainous regions cooked with wild greens vegetable representative of food is Bibimbap . Hidden Korea said food is directly related to Korea's environment the country's location its geography and climate. Korea is a peninsula with a climate that resembles the north central region of the United States cold winters warm summers and long pleasant autumns. Especially as a result of warm southern regions are easily stale food. So they used to cook with juice from salt fish strong salt or chili paste. In summary the climate was affected houses clothing food. Due to gap of regional temperature they established distinct shape of house difference of northern and southern. Also the climate influenced clothing ancestor changed fabrics and now Korean express evident difference clothing of seasons. Finally as a consequence of climate Korea developed various culture of food between coastal regions and mountainous regions. We have adapted climate since ancient then we could make distinct lifestyle. Now it is over the culture it makes our tradition. Korea Korean ANON_URLSPAGE_Clothing material ANON_URLSPAGE_Hidden Korea food ANON URLPAGE
