Evaluate compare two restaurants In USA there are many kinds of restaurants. When I came to Pittsburgh first time I really wondered that there are a lot of restaurants that are different from the restaurants in my country. That let me choose many kinds of foods for my meal but I have been going to American restaurants where make me impress and enjoy my meals. The Cheesecake Factory and TGI Friday are my favorite American restaurants in Pittsburgh. Both of restaurants have some things that make people appreciate and some things make people do not like. Anyway in terms of having variety of foods and decorating the place the Cheesecake Factory is quite good than TGI Friday. A variety of foods of the Cheesecake Factory contains many categories such as appetizers main dishes beverages and desserts. Main dishes are tons of foods in many styles so people who come from different country can make a decision for their choice. Also there are many kinds of famous cakes which they can choose and enjoy. Moreover the Cheesecake Factory's foods and cakes are delicious and look very well although cost is quite expensive. The dishes are very large for this reason the costs are expensive. However that makes people like to go there very much. For example when my friends and I went to this restaurant we had to wait for our seats about forty minutes. It shows that the Cheesecake Factory is very popular in Pittsburgh. On the other hand TGI Friday also is popular in Pittsburgh but I think there are a variety of foods which is less than another. Most of foods in TGI Friday are steak and pasta so people have less choice than another. Nevertheless the taste of steak and pasta is really good. For a dessert it has a few choices for choosing. In fact TGI Friday does not have a famous cake so there are not people who want to come in the restaurant for buying a piece of cake whereas the Cheesecake Factory has a lot of people who want to buy some cakes. In term of decorating the place I also think the Cheesecake Factory can decorate place better than TGI Friday's. Although decorating depends on themes of the restaurants I like restaurant which look more openly and lightly so I like more the Cheesecake Factory's building than TGI Friday's. I think TGI Friday's place is too dark and opaque. For instance there are a lot of people who like to go both of restaurant so some people want to smoke and some doesn't want so both of restaurants have smoking area and non smoking area but in TGI Friday there are both of area which are really close and quite opaque so people who do not smoke or do not like smoke can smell a smoking easily. It makes people might not enjoy their meal. On the contrary the Cheesecake Factory is a big beautiful building restaurant and there is a smoking area separate from non smoking area so the air can ventilate easily. In addition if they look from outside the restaurants the Cheesecake Factory's building which is on the south side looks more beautiful than TGI Friday's building which is on Waterfront. In conclusion American restaurants in Pittsburgh are many places and I have never gone to many restaurants so I cannot decide that what restaurant is my most favorite. However the Cheesecake Factory is quite better than TGI Friday in many terms but I also like both of their foods.
