The Internet developed in recent years deeply affects the modern businesses today. People who used to send post mail to contact their customers or coworkers are forced to utilize the Internet. In addition because of the wide spread of the networks in the world innovative categories of businesses were presented. Some of them are questioned about the security but most of them are convenient and interesting. The Internet dramatically increases the convenience and speed of exchanging information. Those businessmen who mail documents to provide details of their products had to learn something new E mail. Through the Internet all information in an email would be delivered in a few seconds. People who needed to count the days after they sent their mails to the post office can now pick up the phone and ask if the other side receives the email right after they click send . While the employers are spending less time waiting for mail they can do more things for their companies. Furthermore enterprises which own their brands can also build their own websites to advertise the latest products. Customers feel better to sit at home and look for new products because it is convenient to buy goods through the Internet. It takes just some clicks on their mice and what they order would be delivered home in a few days. It cannot be imagined before the Internet came to our life and this did bring considerable businesses to those companies which have their own websites. However the Internet is not always secure because there are hackers. Once you enter your credit card and some other personal information the hackers can always know it through some programming bugs which Microsoft or other operation system companies don't know. They can easily steal your money when your personal information is known. I think that my money was not stolen just because I didn't have enough money. Therefore every company with online trade system would spend many efforts to improve their firewall and the website security policy. We usually choose the company with good reputation and make sure our money is safe. In addition our messages can also be watched by somebody who is no supposed to know. Therefore we are told not to give our social security number or any other important data when we use MSN or SKYPE. However it would be safe to use the Internet as long as we pay attention to some skills mentioned before. The Internet brings many surprises to businesses in recent years. We spend less time waiting and more time communicating. Information exchanging is much simpler than before. Although there are still some security problems when we use the Internet as trading medium people can never resist the convenience it provide. Now more and more online businesses are developed and most of them are incredibly arresting. For example when we want to buy a house there is no need to walk through every street and see which is better. We can use the website the housing companies built and look at every house we are interested in. There would be more inventions like this and we can anticipate the develop of the Internet businesses to be thriving in the future.
