CAUSES OF OBESITY IN CHILDREN The outline Major causes of obesity in children 1. Genetic factors obesity can be genetic example the risk of becoming obese is greatest among children who have obese parents. 2. Environment lifestyle play a major role in child obesity poor eating habits especially consumption of high calories snacks and fast food. 3. Lack of physical activity Most of people are lazy to do physical activity and that is why it will be potential to get obesity. Obesity is one of the popular issues in the world. It happened not only in adults but also in children. That is why most of children in the world have been getting obesity. Over the years scientists have established many theories to explain the causes of the appearances of obesity particularly in children. There are three main causes of obesity in children such as genetic factors environmental and lack of physical activity. Some scientists agreed that the amount of obesity in children eventually appeared due to a genetic factors. It was occur when the parents have been getting obesity so that it could be influence to their children. As consequence most of children in the world got obesity. Based on the statistics data which is show that Childhood obesity in the United States has more than tripled in the past two decades . It show us that more than tripled of amount of children have been getting obesity caused by the genetic factors. Because of that the scientists have been looking for a new way to overcome this problem by doing some researches to find out kinds of medicine for it. Another possible cause for obesity in children is environment. Several scientist think that environment could be cause the obesity in children. They indicated one example lifestyle which is close relate with eating habits especially consumption of high calories snacks and fast food. Nowadays there are many kinds of snack and fast food that have been produced in the world such as McDonald Kentucky Fried Chicken and Texas Fried Chicken. All of them snack and fast food have a great potential to consumed by the children. And as a consequence of it the children get obesity when they grow up. A third cause of obesity in children is lack of physical activity. In reality most of children were lazy to do physical activity. They only like to stay at home and playing game while they get some food for it. Consequently their calories could not be burn in their body. And as result of this they may get obesity and hard for them to do any activity as well as another do it. In conclusion that obesity can be occur for everyone especially in children if they could not secure their selves. They can be do by changing their habit eating and getting much more time to do physical activity such as swimming playing foot ball or jogging. If they could be do regularly the children can be overcome the obesity problems.
