Dear Confused I can understand your feeling very much because I have almost same experience as you. I am Japanese and married to an American. My parents especially my father couldnt accept the fact at first. But now I am married to him and live in the United States. My parents and my husband have a good relationship. In my opinion the point is that your parents worry about you so much. They are very upset not only because he is an American because they love you. They must not want you to live far away from them. In Japan many families live with kids even when they grow up. After the person marries he or she lives with their parents or in a really close place and takes care of children and elderly people together. So your parents might have not expected you to spend the rest of your life in America. They cant see you so often and cant see how your life is. They also might be worry about communication with your boyfriend and his parents. If your parents want to say something to them especially in an emergency they might be not able to understand each other because of foreign languages. In addition the marriage procedure and visa system is complicated and takes a lot of money and time. You might have to go back Japan for a few years because of the visa. Only the marriage visa application costs a few thousand dollars. It is difficult to marry him without your parents help. I think you should talk with your parents more and you should try to remove their worry as much as possible. For example you could go back to Japan with your boyfriend and spend time together with your parents and you should explain to them about your future plans logically like his job money and American life. If they can understand how your life will be and how happy you are they feel safe and they will understand you. You can call them and see them on the computer and you can go back Japan. You should also ask your boyfriend and try together. Marriage is not only your thing. If he is serious about you he can help you by doing things like studying Japanese and communicating with your parents or go to Japan with you. You are confused about your parents and whether you should marry him or not but that is only the first step. After that more difficult things are waiting for you. So Its really important to know if you really love him or not. I hope everything goes well. Best ANON_NAME_0 Last Name Dear Advisor I am an ELI student. I got a low grade in the speaking class. I couldnt understand at first because my classmates said my speech is good. I asked about that to the speaking teacher. She told me my pronunciation has serious problems especially r and l. I didnt know that because I dont have problem when I talk with other native speakers. Do you think I have a big problem with pronunciation How can I progress
