Cats and dogs are the most popular pets in the world. They are easily tamed to humans and easy to raise. Although dogs and cats are both popular for humans they have their own character. Because of this when someone wants to have a pet they should decide carefully. In terms of pet's character and behavior it can't determine what is better than the other. Dogs can feel lonely very easily. Even they feel lonely from birth. If there was nobody to take care of it when it's born it is easy to feel fear in its whole life. Similarly human also feel lonely easily. Because of this common character many people raise dog. Dog is docile and good to master. When masters come back to home it rejoices them. On the other hands cats are offensive fundamentally. And they don't get lonely easily. Even though there is nobody in a house they can play well and they can clean their body by themselves. They don't have enough coquetry like dog. However many people like cats because masters don't need to take care them frequently. Dogs and cats are little different in behaviors. For example dogs make some rank of its master's family. If dog lives with one family it will make rank for each members and behave differently in order of importance. The person who gives feed everyday will be the best person for dog. And it ignores the last person of the rank. It will never act glad of the last person. While cats are never make rank and betray their masters. When it admits someone as a master it always follows them. The dog which runs away from home it usually never comes back to the home. It may perhaps because of its memory of direction to home or meeting some other masters. However cats always come back home in this situation. If it doesn't come back home then it tells us that cat didn't admit its master. There are many different things between dog and cat but their mind will be same. They are different just in expression. If master loves them they will feel it and give back as same as their receiving love. Sometimes pets are very helpful for human to forget lonely and sad things. If someone needs to have a pet it will be better to consider pet's character.
