Why study English as a Second Language ESL in the Eli English Language Institute ELI is the best place in Pittsburgh to study ESL. ELI is located at the University of Pittsburgh campus. ELI students are part of the University of Pittsburgh community and you have full access to all activities and services of university students. ELI was founded in 1964 for students interested in improving their English for academics and for those interested in attending a University in the United States. The number of students registered for the fall of 2008 is 152 from 14 countries 4 from Brazil 2 from Chile 4 from Colombia 16 from Japan 40 from Korea 17 from Libya 15 from Saudi Arabia 12 from Taiwan 7 from Thailand 2 from Tunisia 3 from Turkey 2 from the United States and 18 from other countries this is a high number of students and the students participate in fast learning through ELI. Also the ELI has three levels of instruction Low High Intermediate and Advanced and ELI emphasizes 4 skills Speaking Listening Reading and Writing. It also focuses on grammar. The students of the ELI can take classes in the 5 areas. The statistics available in the ELI office show that 66. 7 Of the students took the 5 courses that they needed assistance in by learning fast 14. 67 Took 4 courses 9. 33 Took 3 courses 5. 33 Took 2 courses and only 4 took 1 course. I asked Fouad my classmate how many course he preferred to take. He said I prefer to take the 5 courses for fast learning because the courses complement each other. Also of the 152 students 63 are male and 37 are female. All classroom instructors hold master's degrees in linguistics or in teaching English as a Second Language or are in the process of earning such degrees all instructors are native or near native speakers of English. Also the ELI organizes different activities picnics parties skating sightseeing tours movies and conversation hours that students can participate. Finally for enter to study in the ELI the students are selected by a test and presentation before beginning the program and before registration. ELI is the best investment for you future.
