The Pandit family's financial problem is in the red. Although they are not luxurious they have big problem. They should find a solution for their debt. For the ways to cut their expenses I think they have to think seriously about her daughter Ritu's skating. If they have certain for Ritu they should continue to pay for it. But if they don't have certain they have to think about this problem again. But giving up for Ritu's skating will be very hard decision so they should reduce their other expenses such as vacation entertainment and etc. Possible way to save money for current expenses is cutting their expenses of car vacation charity donation and so on. Especially charity donation is important to cut. They are already deficit so they don't have enough money to help other people. Before helping the others they have to save their life first. And car is also problem. Big car needs many gases. They need to change their car to small one. They can make more money than now. First their saving current money will make them more money and if Ritu success quickly it will be the best way to solve the financial problem. But as everybody knows it's not easy. So other members of family have to earn their money by themselves as well as possible. They can get a part time job to help Ray. For their future I think they need 'life insurance' first. If they don't make this insurance maybe their debt will be out of hand when they had accident. Nobody knows future so they have to prepare about it. Their future medical problem can solve with insurance but grandfather's medical expenses can't solve now. Because of this they must make a plan for reducing education costs. If children can get scholarship it will be really helpful for their family. And Ritu has to practice hard and win in competition to help her family. The best way to reduce debt is cut their unnecessary expenses. Of course they need car and some other entertainment costs. However like this situation they can't do everything what they want.
