The International Student feels Pressure by Three Main General Factors. Having a degree from the U. S. Is beneficial to people in different ways. For some people it benefits their career path. They grow faster in their career path than others. Some can have a better paid job than others who work in the same position. So many people decide to come to study in the U. S. But they are not aware that they are going to have pressures when they become an international student. There are three main common factors that force them experience and live in high pressures. First living in the new environment is the hardest thing for many people because there are lots of new things that they have to get used to. Even though you had seen the U. S. From many Hollywood movies you couldn't feel familiar with anything or any place. People speak different languages. They do and think in different ways. Even the food that you thought is the same kinds of your hometown's food are supposed to have the same taste but don't you might be disappointed because of your expectations. Moreover different cultures are not easy to understand. So lots of students feel loneliness because they can't get used to new environments. Second financial problems are bothering many students. Being an international student in the U. S. Is more expensive than for the U. S. Citizen. The tuition fees and the living expenses are very high especially for the students who come from Asia because of the different from currency exchange rates. Besides some countries have some important restrictions about the money policies and system such as the limit of the amount and time. As a result some students couldn't afford to join some school activities or trips because their parents are not allowed to make money transfer transactions. Having any kind of money problem depresses students. Last school works are the important thing that we have to be concerned about school works and activities are the parts of the student's goal. Everyone had set their goal before they came to the U. S. They try their best to reach the goals so they take all of the school works such as homework extra assignments and tests seriously. They are concerned about the result of the tests. Some students have to report their grade to their parents so as a result they get the pressure from the test easily. In conclusion being an international student in any country has pressures from the same common factors. People prefer to live in the comfortable environment such as their home or their work place where they have been living or working for a long time their hometown because they are familiar with everything. They don't have to learn any kinds of new things. Living in a different country for a long time affects people in different ways but most of them are negative ways such as causing depress and stress. A student who lives far away from their family and friends usually experiences homesickness. If they have money problems in the same time of having homesickness it's going to be the worst. Al though there are many activities that school has arranged for students in order to keep them from feeling the loneliness but sometimes it doesn't get as good results as it has expected . However all students experience and live in high pressures but they will get better when the time passed. They just need time to adjust to the U. S. And then they will reach their goal.
