I think that the Pandit family needs four advices to improve their financial situation and to pass their financial problem. These advices are about how to get out of debt how to give the opportunity for Ritu to compete how to increase the income and how to guarantee their financial future. Some important things for the Pandit family to achieve these advices are the consciousness about the problem's size and effect. Also they should be realistic about their ability when they choose whish plans are the best. Moreover they should have the willing to make the changing. The serious financial problem for the Pandit family is the growing of the deficit. For example last year Ray owed the government 8 000 and he also owed his sister 10 000. So that if the Pandit family have the same total expenses for the next year they will add those cost in the red see figure 1 . I think that the Pandit family must cut there expenses before their deficit get out of hand. The suggesting here is priorities order by making list from three groups express each of the luxuries payments the short term necessary payments and the long term necessary payments see table1 . To save money from the current expenses needs to declare the plans of cut expenses and share with all members of the family. For instants it should be to write and hung the plans of spent and the bills of each month on many places in the house for following the advance. In fact there are many types of expenses of the Pandit family to be reduced or canceled or increased for some reason can be expressed at the next table see each table2 figure2 . I think that the augment of the working hours the quality of performance and the diverse of works are three important factors to increase the family's income. First the augment of the working hours for Ray is difficult because he's already worked 14 hours however his wife can manage her time to work from the home because in her case to have to travel with her daughter she can't work in company for example. Second Ray may continue his higher education to improve his performance. Lastly they may have to sell there expensive car and use there big house to equipment architect office at home. In addition they should think about the investment. In my opinion the loans to make invest are the best way for the financial future of Pandit family. Ray made mistake when he took medium loan from his sister with out cut some amount to work. It can be suggested to take other loan from the relative with out interest to start a small investigative object. Then when he wants to expand his work he may take other loan from bank that can provide large amounts of money. In addition he ought to have safety net to help him to aim those loans directly from one part of the profit and second part should put to work again and the third part for expenses. The medical and the education costs are some of subjects for financial future. I feel that having help from non profit organization that support the student education like scholar ships is important to consider. Also the educational loans that are offered from the companies which request a particular majors so the student can aims the loans after he work at the company. Furthermore they may have a health insurance to reduce the medical costs especial for Mirabel's father. In conclusion the solution was presented for the Pandit family helps them to red of their debts. Also it helps to achieve their children's ambition. In addition they would have a weal life for their present and the future.
