In my everyday life I have a problem of time. I go to school bring back some homework go to work do housekeeping and make dinner. Sometimes I have to cut my sleeping. After the day I feel tired and cant concentrate on my work so even small thing takes me much longer time. That causes a vicious circle. I need to think over my time management. I have a final test soon. I will be busy the time. So I explored the Web to find a solution to my problem. First I can make a schedule. The Study Guides and Strategies web site states that you can write down appointments classes and meetings in a chronological log book or chart and create a simple To Do list. They also state the reason This simple program will help you identify a few items the reason for doing them a timeline for getting them done I think its a great idea. It takes only a few minutes to make a weekly schedule and a to do list and whats more I can understand my priorities. Another solution they mention is using your time wisely. Think of times when you can study bits such as when walking riding the bus etc. Review studies and readings just before class and immediately after class. If I make a schedule I can see how much time I need and have left so I can use my time more efficiently. Because I remember what a teacher said immediately after a class I think it important to review the day more than to study only one night when I have a test. I can practice and think in my mind about writing or speaking classs homework when I am riding the bus or walking. I can save the time and I use for another thing such as cooking or cleaning a room. The most important solution they pointed out is to make my goal clear. They state that you should list three goals or objectives that are most important to you. After that I noticed my priorities and that cut my useless time. Now my priority is studying English for my job and family. I dont have time for things like worrying about little things or watching TV while bored. Time is precious and equal to everyone. We only get 24 hours each day. I learned that it is necessary to have a clear goal and to focus on what you really want to do in your life. After I knew that my life is so much easier than before. Joe Landsberger. The Study Guides and Strategies. 1996. 29 October 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_.
