Money is important these days especially for families with kids. How to spend the money in the right way for every thing such as school university home cars etc. Pandit's family have to cut some of there expenses. I think they don't have to take a vacation for a couple years to reduce their yearly expenses. They also have to cut the charity donation. Pandit's family can reduce the clothing expenses. They pay 8 000 every year my suggestion for them is they can deal with insurance company that will help them to save more of their money. There are a lot of ways to save more money. For example they spend 14 400 for car expenses in the year. In my opinion it's too much they can replace using the car to use the bus in some cases. They also have to change their methods with furniture expenses. They don't have to buy new furniture every year except the emergency situations like if one of them has been broken. Entertainment makes you spend some money that you need it. That's mean I don't want them to stay at home and don't go any where. I mean they can go to eat outside and go to the amusement but they have to manage their payments such as they can go to have dinner in the restaurant once a month. They also have to make more money that will help them to get out of the financial deficit. If Ray's wife gat a job it will be good way to make more money. Also if they open a saving account in the bank which is giving good interests that is good solution. If they hire a small house and move to live in it and rent their house. I think it is perfect way to make more money. Financial future is very important for them. They have to put a financial protection to protect them in future. As I said the saving account will be working for them in the future. They can do some business doesn't matter what kind of business. They have to ask a financial assistance for recommendation that will make them more realized how to use the money. I know that they have to pay for the education and the medical. There is a lot of insurance company can they deal with them. The insurance company will pay every thing when you go to the hospital it depend which plan you're going to choose with the company. If they take a good way to save and invest their money the education costs will be easy for them to pay it. They have to think about it before it gets out of hand. All of us have to learn how to manage our expenses because we don't want to spend our life in debts. We have to be careful with using our money we have to spend it in the right way. Don't lose your money with out benefit. And don't spend more than your income because we don't want to get in the debt then thinking how to get out of debt.
