Though it is a rainy day I sometimes go to a coffee shop book store and supermarket with my umbrella but sometimes I forget the place on which I put my umbrella and I leave it at the coffee shop book store and supermarket or on the bus subway and train. Whenever I lose it I buy new and cheap one but there are a lot of umbrellas in my house or my office. The problem I have in my everyday life is how I do not need to buy the umbrella when I lost or left it somewhere. Buying new umbrellas causes me to cost much money and to need some spaces to put in my house and my office. What will you do when you lose your umbrella The three most effective solutions to this careless problem are checking the lost and found office in the place where you lost the umbrella if possible writing your name and address on it and taking it with you always. The first solution asking the lost and found office is an immediate treatment. For example the University of Pittsburgh has the police department. If you lose not only your umbrella but also your jacket wallet and notebook in the campus or the class room at the university you can ask the staff of the department by calling or by sending your email. According to the UPPD University of Pittsburgh Police Department Our department is the central location for lost and found. All property turned in to our department is inventoried and the owner is contacted if possible. Because storage space is limited the department disposes of all unclaimed property every six months. At the time of such disposal it is published in the Pitt News. The lost and found office ensures your belongings. The second safe solution writing your personal information in your umbrella is the proper method for others to contact you. When someone finds your umbrella with your name and either your telephone number or your address he or she is able to call you or to ask the police to contact you. In addition you might find it in case that there is not the lost and found office. The final solution is to take the umbrella with you always. You can keep your umbrella anytime and anywhere when you have a plastic bag to put it in. Moreover your hands are free when you have a big bag to put your umbrella in or your umbrella has something like a holder to attach you. In my conclusion there are three reliable methods to solve the problem. REFERENCE United States. University of Pittsburgh Police Department. Lost Found accessed on 29 Oct 2008 ANON_URLSPAGE_.
