Nutrition in Saudi Arabia 50 Years ago and Now The nutrition in Saudi Arabia has changed a lot in the last decades especially in the eastern part of the country. There are many reasons for these changes but the main reason which caused these changes is the petroleum revolution. The nutrition in the past was very poor it was depending only on certain kinds of food because the people at that time usually worked as farmers or fishers. However nowadays there is a variety of food. In the past there were finite resources of food. The food which was available at that time was the farmers' crop such as dates rice wheat and herbs. In addition my city is by the sea therefore there were availability of fish. On the other hand at the modern time there is a variety of food. For example the meat is available now which was not available in the past. There are many kinds of fruits also available these days because the country imports form other countries. In the last decades the women were homemaker. So that the families used to eat what the mothers cook. In addition when the women cook the lunch meal they used to take t the man work place. Nowadays the families usually have servant in home because the women now are usually workers and they don't have time to cook for their families. So the family eats what the servant cook. The eating habits have also changed a lot. In the past they usually sat in the floor to eat the food. However nowadays almost every house in Saudi Arabia has a dinning room. Furthermore the simplistic machines of the modern life were not available at that time like the oven. Instead of the oven they used kilns. In conclusion the nourishment nowadays is exceptional comparing to the past. Even though the nutrition now has also some negative effects by causing some diseases which were rarely in the past for example diabetes and high blood pressure. In fact the nutrition in the last ten years is depending on restaurants. Therefore the nutrition will get worse and worse in the future.
