The Lunch Box In lunch time most of the students in ELI scatter on campus to enjoy their lunch meals. Most of them go to restaurants such as the cafeteria on the ground floor WPU etc. While few of them head toward the 22nd floor in the cathedral of learning because they bring their lunch boxes and are going to heat their meals. As they are eating lunch meanwhile they talk about everyone's dishes. The discussed topics often relate to the ways of making dishes and their cultures. There are a lot of types of food on the dining table every day such as Chinese food American food Thai food Japanese food and Korea food. In terms of nutrition diversity and a variety of flavors these foods in lunch boxes are quite abundant. The foods which the students bring are very different. It is rare that they have the same one as that which was done yesterday and there is merely one kind of vegetable in a lunch box. All of the dishes are deliberately cooked. In order to balance their diet the people from different countries use different ingredients and cooking methods. One for instance might bring Chinese dumpling. Another might bring the rice ball with stewed pork and pickled vegetables. All of them include starch protein and fiber in abundance which meet the recommendation fromm U. S. Department of Agriculture in Inside The Pyramid of ANON_URLSITE_. They are necessary consumed by human beings in every day diet. Besides the nutritious dishes furthermore they do not make dishes which only have one kind of flavor because they could consider the good tasting condition. Indeed there are more than two kinds of flavors in each student's lunch box. Some are sweet. Some are spicy. They prepare their meals as much delicious as they could. Sometimes they would exchange their food in order to taste different flavor. If the flavor is fitted with someone's a new dish will be added into his lunch box. Now the lunch boxes change the contents variously compared with the beginning of this term. In conclusion the homemade lunch the group of the ELI students has is generous from the phases of nutrition and flavor. Every day a variety of dishes and flavors are showed up on the dining table. All are healthy for human requirement as well. Furthermore from the course of discussing their recipes the students not only adjust the menu of their meals but also realize the cultures and the diet habits in the world. ANON URLPAGE
