When I was a child I used to have a strong memory. I could recall my classes and my belongs I used to have sharp memory. For example when I took class at school I didn't revise because I have it in my mind. Sometimes I reminded my friends about events that were doing together but they had forgotten about it. This ability made me feeling proud about myself and was main factor in my success at school. Now I have a problem which stresses me out and I'm tried to get rid of it. In my perspective forgetfulness is a complex problem and it affects bunch of difficulties for me. For instance sometimes I forget where I put my cell phone or my wallet. It embarrasses me because sometimes I promise my friends that I would do a favor for them if they asked me for help but I didn't do it because I forgot about it. When I meet new people I find it hard to recall thier name who is just introduced to me. I will try to use different methods and use a lot of resources to acquire my previous ability which is relevant to my success and I think it is a valid target to achieve. I know for some people it's normal those thing but for me it is not because I wasn't like this before. I looked up my problems on the internet and I found bunch of solutions. Can't find car keys. Right now get a small tupperware container and set it on a shelf in your kitchen cabinet. When you come home from being out always put your keys in this bowl. They key to remembering where your keys are is to always put them back in the same place. Can't remember someone's name after meeting them. Writing down the person's name will preserve the name on paper until you can review it later. Can't remember that someone told you something. First of all awareness is a trait you can build if you are motivated enough. Simply decide to listen carefully when people talk. Second try repeating back to the person what they said. Don't use the exact same words though or you'll sound like a parrot. General Strategies Be patient Improve your memory directly Use a wristwatch cell phone or electronic organizer to set alarms Use set storage spaces for everything. According to Banishing Forgetfulness. Memory tips improvement Reference Banishing Forgetfulness. Memory Tips Improvement. 29 Oct 2008. ANON_URLSITE_forgetfulness. Html
