I drink several cups of coffee every day. Coffee keeps me awake and alert especially in class. Unfortunately coffee can make me awake at night. Sometimes longing to sleep I toss about in my bed until the sunrises. If I cannot have a sound sleep I feel more tired and I drink more coffee next day. However caffeine is not the only reason why I drink coffee. In addition to the awakening effect of coffee I love the smell and taste of coffee very much. If I drink three cups of coffee in a day it is only one cup that I drink because I need caffeine. Whenever I feel appetite for coffee in the late afternoon I experience a constant conflict between desire and reason. Although I know that I should not drink coffee I cannot forebear my thirst for coffee. I've realized that it's impossible to reduce coffee but it's possible to reduce caffeine that disturbs my sleep. I wonder whether decaf coffee really has little caffeine and how decaf coffee affects the human body. I've heard that harmful chemicals can be used in the process to make decaf coffee but nowadays water decaffeination is the most common and safe way to remove caffeine from coffee. However the process cannot eliminate all the caffeine from coffee. If I drink five to ten cups of decaf coffee the dose of caffeine can reach the level present in a cup or two of regular caffeinated coffee Goldberger 2006 . Moreover decaf coffee has another effect that regular coffee doesn't have on the human body. According to Dr. Superko lead author of the study and chairman of preventive cardiology at the Fugua Heart Center in Atlanta the decaf drinkers did have slightly higher levels 8 percent to 18 percent of fatty acids which are the fuel in the blood for LDL cholesterol and about 8 percent higher levels of apolipoprotein ApoB a protein associated with LDL levels Superko 2006 . It means that decaf coffee can raise the level of cholesterol in the human body. Now I've learned that decaf coffee has a little caffeine and that decaf coffee may have a bad influence on my health. Decaffeinated Coffee Is Not Caffeine free Experts Say . Science Daily. October 15 2006. October 30 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_Jury Still Out on Risks Benefits of Drinking Decaf Coffee . Daily News Central. November 17 2005. October 30 2008. ANON_URLSPAGE_Study Decaf Coffee Can Raise Cholesterol. ANON URLSITE. November 16 2005. October 30 2008. ANON URLPAGE
