In nowadays everybody speaks about stress who is one of the most popular illness in this days everything because ours new style of life. All fast and quickly stress at work or stress at school are the most commons the consequents of have stress the problem with the families about this the all possible solutions and treatment but nobody knows really what stress means even the specialist in this topic Stress is difficult for scientists to define because it is a subjective sensation associated with varied symptoms that differ for each of us. In addition stress is not always a synonym for distress. Situations like a steep roller coaster ride that cause fear and anxiety for some can prove highly pleasurable for others. Winning a race or election may be more stressful than losing but this is good stress 1 For that is so complicated found an only solution for a problem with a name so shortly but who affected a thousand of people around the world. For that I think that the only way to combat this illness is trying to forget founding an escape door. Working just in the week taking breaks and practicing some activity are ways to help our body to combat this terrible sickness. Organized our tasks for work just in the week can be sounds easy but is really hart a good organized and planification of all the activities at work is the dreamer of all people who have a complicated work with a lot of activities meetings presentations with costumers. Some person can organized so perfectly this schedules and finished this work in week. In my case that never works all the time I brought work to house to finish some report or one presentation for the next days. I really try to finish the things in the office but the time if over and continuo working at home all time. Don't try to left things for weekends are impossible to me. I have so many report to do and information to analyze. The weekends for me are just one day more that I have to work. Other option for the stress is take a break once a month or maybe each tree month take a mini vacations a long weekend to rest. That sound perfect for me but I don't have the time necessary to be absent for one week of my work or even for a couple of days. The responsibility is so much important and I'm worry all time about so many things who try to take a break in medley of an important meeting who is soon is impossible to me. I'm completely workaholic I can't stop to thinking in my work. Maybe a better option in my case is once a month do something different to break the routine perhaps that can be result in my case stop to work just a couple of hours and do something completely different. The best and the only solution who works to me is practing a hobby or activity in my case this is the best option. Since child had been a sport girl I really love the sport and enjoy a lot practicing. I running every morning for 45 minutes don't matter if it's raining or a sun day I run. These 45 minutes in the morning is the only ways who I have to throw away my stress when I was running I forgot all the worries of the office the meetings with the costumers and all my work obligations. Run is my escape's door to everything about the office and forget my stress. Other persons preferred more relaxing activities or hobbies like Yoga Pilates or swim is these work for them is perfect. I'm a really energy persons for that I need an energy activity. In conclusion when existed a problem with so many meanings as the stress don't exist a only way to combat them is necessary found the way who work for you may be working just in the week taking break or practicing any hobby are the most common ways to fighting with stress of work or school. In my personal case practice a sport is the best way because running is the only one who makes me forget all my responsibilities and preoccupation about the work. I found the escape's door of stress but you find your door 1. Dr. Paul J. Rosch The Role of stress in Health and Illness 2007 ANON URLSITE
