Insomnia affects more than 70 million Americans and one in six adults considers sleeps problems a serious issue in their lives ANON_URLSITE_Sleep Disorder Insomnia . In our workaholic culture people brag about how little sleep they are taking because it implies meaning that she he is a diligent people. But sleep deprivation has been linked to an increased risk for depression obesity high blood pressure and lower productivity at work. It should be considered a serious health problem. Insomnia doesn't just mean an inability to fall asleep at night. If you wake up frequently have trouble getting back to sleep wake up too early when you wake up you could have Insomnia. Stress of life can bring on kind of insomnia. Make sure your bedroom is important do exercise or take a bath simply before bed listen to soft music or plan your food. Those ways make you more comfortable when you are in bed. Do exercise or take a bath simply before bed which helps you relax every night. Because those make your circulation of the blood digestion and release of stress you can fall a sleep easier. But it's important not to exercise late in the day or in the evening. It's good to exercise 3 or 4 hours before bed. Listen to music which has the similar beat of the heart which will help you be comfortable. In addition classical music such as Haydn symphony 101 Mozart serenade 10 and Chopin 19 nocturnes will help your brain be relaxed as well and these music will lead you to fall a sleep. Avoid caffeine nicotine and alcohol especially late at night. If you can't avoid alcohol and caffeine completely avoid caffeine after noon. Coffee and cigarette stay in your body much longer than you expect. Our modern life makes us more live at night since light was invented so many people have been working hanging out with friends at night. Those phenomenon make us get insomnia. But we can overcome the insomnia and concentrate on our work through those ways such as doing exercise taking a bath listening to soft music and avoiding caffeine nicotine and alcohol. But we can do both that we can.
