Nowadays the people who live in the city suffer from the various diseases. Some of these illnesses have been emerged recently and 'Insomnia' is one of them. In the Wikipedia which is an online encyclopedia defines it Insomnia is a symptom of a sleeping disorder characterized by persistent difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep despite the opportunity. It is typically followed by functional impairment while awake. In addition according to the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services in year 2007 approximately 64 million Americans suffer from insomnia on a regular basis each year. There might be some advices to help them by being careful indoors and outdoors. First of all people can avoid insomnia easily by doing some activities in their house. Before going to bed taking warm bath helps them sleep well because it reduces the fatigue and make the blood circulate better. Then read some of the light book. It can be a novel but most patients try to sleep by reading their religious books. Even though they can't fall asleep drinking a cup of warm milk is also one of the good ways. It will make them feel comfortable and relaxed so that they can get to sleep quickly. The other solutions take places outside of the house. For example if people move such as walking running and exercising more than the current it makes their blood circulate and the body can be energetic during the day. These exercises might be tough at the first time. However even if people get tired and the sleepiness comes they shouldn't take it. It can affect their sleep badly at night because they've already done. If someone really wants to sleep in the daytime go outside and get some fresh air or chat with somebody. These will make him her feel better. In addition Doctors can also give some professional advices or medicines. Perhaps this is not the best way but can be the fastest way. In conclusion People should think about their behaviors which are inside and outside of the house. Taking warm bath reading a book and drinking a cup of milk before sleeping can be done indoors and making more movements avoiding taking a nap and having an appointment with a doctor can be taken outdoors. If people adapt these solutions and try to do them it's pretty sure that they're able to come out of the insomnia soon.
