Crime In Large Cities In The World I wish I had safety life wherever and whenever. Actually people would like to be in security place but the crime problem was existed since an old time. Murder burglary assault and rape all of them caused a lot of enormous injury to people specially in the big cities without an exception. There are three ways that can be reduce crime such as rehabilitate criminals increasing the job opportunities and educate the people to be more responsible to the crime problem. To reduce crime not to build new prisons or to wide them but to make emphasizes to build rehabilitate institute for those people during prison time. Do you think it will be useful If we can educate those people to have an occupation or even handicraft to make them have different sensation in order to incorporate them in the society. Definitely we will get satisfactory results. One of the efficient solutions that to make a strategy plan to create a new job opportunities. The government and all the establishment even philanthropic foundation must be have responsibility to do that. Because whether we can find several levels and suitable jobs for the people even people who hasn't any kind of education we can make some solution before it began. In any case we would like to do a lot of efforts in order to have security life. The most important solution that represented in our self. A definition crime is relative and some could say that everyone is a criminal at some point or to some degree. If we are to be truly honest or cheated the system more or less so none of us has really the right to throw stones at or denounce criminals. All we can do is help each others to be bitter person . Absolutely I agree with the author. Because if we help each other we can build our future without any probpems. We all would like to life in clean crime's environment without any sufferance. We can combine our efforts government and all the segments of the society to achieve our goals. It's difficult to find perfect solution but at list we have to try to find it to be in a bitter situation. JUMP The crime cure ANON URLPAGE
