My Idol And I I want to share something with you about ANON_NAME_0 Mingshan who is widely accepted as the most beautiful business woman in China and certainly one of the most successfully. She is now the president of a large corporation called Charmond which mainly deal with the trading of watches. To be honest I admire her very much. Not her wealth more her ability. ANON_NAME_0 was born with a silver spoon in her mouth. She was born in a rich business family. But when she was young she was not to be a dancer. After high school she worked as a model for a short time and then she went to New York a place she found the first important opportunity and a turning point in life. When she studied there she sensed people's craze for a diamond watch in the Techomarine products. She introduced it to Hong ANON_NAME_1. The watch sold like hot cake. The sales were as high as over 1 million in a day. It's unbelievable. From then on she kept climbing up her career ladder and finally reached her place now. There are some same personalities between usSuch as hardwork independent and the spirite when we met the difficulties. Compared with me she is wonderful. But also have some similarity between us. First I am also good at dance . Second I was also born in a business family and study in USA now. The most improtant piont is that I want to achieve my goal. Our spirite is the same. No matter waht kind of things we met we will have a try and do our best to finish it. For Example few years ago she company incoming is not high sometimes even can't give the salary for the stuff. But she refused the help from her father and solved the problem just by herself. Is the same situation when I met difficulties in my study. Absolutely there are big distinct between us. For example she was was born with a silver spoon in her mouth But I was not. So aad up her hard work she establish her own company so easily . There have a huge money backgroud to support her. It means she successful more easily than others. She realised her dream when she come to American. I realised that when I was a child my parents told me you must have a dream. Because is so improtant for the social. Now She was also know as a charitarian. Her company is a regular funder of Children's Heart Foundation and other charity organizations such as UNICEF abbr. United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund . She has to deal with at least 6 meetings a day and a lot of other work load. But she shows to the world apart from beauty a woman can have more. So I insit on my dream and to be a women like her. Come on!Nothing is impossible if you have a try.
