Culture Shock Culture shock is an expression that we hear a lot in our time because it affects the lives of those who live outside of their country. It means those feelings of anxiety that you have when you travel or live abroad. Culture shock has different symptoms such as Sadness loneliness Insomnia depression etc. Doctors agree that most people who had a culture shock go throw three stages 1. Honeymoon Phase where people enjoy the differences of the new culture. 2. Negotiation Phase where they start to question theses differences start to develop anxiety. 3. Adjustment Phase this where they get adjusted to the new culture. 4. Reverse Culture Shock after going back to their country they new have to adjust them self to their country's culture. According to the University of Tennessee health science center there are number of ways to deal with it 1. Be aware of the symptoms. Once you realize you are experiencing culture shock you can then take steps to deal with it. 2. What do you miss the most which was enjoyable in your home country Look for ways to meet these desires or replace these with something new. For example if you miss your favorite Japanese pickles go to a U. S. Japanese grocery store or ask a relative to mail some to you. 3. Develop friendships with both Americans and people from your own country. At times the friendships with culturally different people will seem very taxing. That is why it is important to have people from your own country or area to spend time with also. This helps you re energize for interacting cross culturally. However isolation in either group alone causes more adjustment problems. 4. Talk to people from your country about your stresses and ask how they have dealt with the same situation. 5. Take a course or read a book on cross cultural communication. Ask hosts questions like As I understand it you are saying that. . . . Is that correct As we can see culture shock is something that we can all face in our life. And as long as we understand it we can easily handle it without any problems.
