What is physical activity The physical activity is simply kind of exercise. It means that spends your calories by moving your body. The physical activity can be divided into two groups moderate vigorous. Each group has different. Moderate includes walking briskly bicycling gardening yard work dancing golf and weight training. Or vigorous includes running jogging swimming aerobics weight lifting and basketball. But the physical activity needs at least 30 min a day. So activity which don't increase your heart rate like as housecleaning go shopping doesn't count. Why is important Physical activity helps us live longer healthier happier. Also it reduces stress and protects other diseases helps build and maintain bones muscles and joints helps manage weight lowers risk of heart disease colon cancer and type 2diabetes helps control blood pressure reduces feelings of depression and anxiety. Physical activity work with nutrition it can get healthier than only doing physical activity. It helps your body increase amount of calories burned. For instance aerobic activities resistance strength building and weight bearing activities and balance and stretching activities. How much is needed At least you do moderate activity for 30 minutes most days or every day more and more adding time of activity. Then achieving 60 minutes you can lose weight. Every day at least 60 to 90 minutes needs to keep the losing weight. And children and teenagers should be exercise for at least 60 minutes every day or most days. Men over the age of 40 and women over the age of 50 before beginning activity should go to doctor and get advice. Calories used Following the chart if a 154 pound man do walking moderate in 1 hour or 30 minutes can spend calories 280 140 if a 154 pound man do running or jogging vigorous in 1 hour or 30 minutes can spend calories 590 295. Tips for increasing physical activity Try to have fun to do activity and do activity regularly it can be easier to you and it may become your part of life. It is important to do activity most days and make daily work. There are three types of way to increase physical activity at home at work at play. First at home you can play with the kids do gardening clean the house wash the car or push the baby in a stroller. Second at work you do getting off the bus or subway one stop early and walk the rest of the way walking in a coffee break or taking part in an exercise program. Last at play go skiing play soccer or basketball kayak golf swim or do water aerobics. But the most important thing is enjoying activity!
