Did you know that three major scientific studies by the United States Environmental protection Agency EPA the National Academy of Sciences and the Surgeon General directly link secondhand smoke to a mass of health problems Second hand smoke is smoke that people have breathed in from other people's cigarettes. It is also known as involuntary or passive smoking. There is nothing passive however about the effects of this smoke. Secondhand smoke can kill people of all ages whose deaths are completely preventable. Smoking in public places increases deaths due to secondhand smoke and causes environmental damage. These are the reasons why smoking in public places should be banned. I will explain why it should be banned and the problems that it causes for smokers and non smokers. People who do not smoke have the right to breathe clean air when they are in a restaurant or any where else. Non smokers do not want to get the higher of getting cancer from other people's smoke. Many medical researchers found that secondhand smoke is very dangerous. Second hand smoke is even worse than we thought said Stanton Glantz. Exposure to secondhand smoke is as deadly as being a daily smoker. Tobacco smoke has 4 000 chemical compounds and 43 of these chemicals are known causes of cancer. Each year around 3 000 non smokers die of lung cancer and 300 000 children get lower respiratory tract infections because of the people around them who smoke. Unfortunately it is virtually impossible to stop people from smoking in all public places but we can try to help smokers and give them ways to stop smoking or set a special place for smokers in some of the public areas like a smoking room that has good ventilation in it. Smokers can be helped because they definitely know the risks of smoking and they know they smoke with no good reason. There are some smokers who smoke because they say it relives tension and calms them down which lets them get piece of mind. It is obvious that the positive things that you gain from quitting smoking are more significant than the negative things that you get from smoking When you become a non smoker you will lose the coughing and the wheezing and the constant smell of cigarette smoke. If you quit smoking you will gain your sense of taste your health and your fitness back While some countries are trying to ban smoking in public others like China have an economic dependence on tobacco and they are not making any progress in reducing smoking Tobacco . However today the United States is making some progress in reducing smoking in public places. For example there are some states that ban smoking in these public areas which has led to a reduced risk of diseases that are caused by secondhand smoke risk for people who work in these places. Before California's ban on smoking in all bars 74 percent of the bartenders were reported to have respiratory symptoms. After a couple of months of the ban 60 percent of the bartenders who had had respiratory symptoms no longer did Boen . All Government should create laws to stop people from smoking in public places because secondhand smoke causes people who don't smoke to get terrible diseases just from inhaling other people's cigarette smoke. Secondhand smoke causes about 3 000 deaths from lung cancer each year in people who did not smoke. Secondhand smoke has been estimated to cause about 35 000 deaths per year from heart disease in nonsmokers Secondhand . Despite all these statistics there has been a debate whether the government should ban smoking in public or not. Secondhand smoke is not only unpleasant for your body it has an awful smell. I know this because of the unpleasant smell that sticks to my clothes when I return home after I am with friends that smoke or in a place that allows people to smoke I smell a like dirty ashtray. Another thing that I really do not like is when I am walking down the street and someone in front of me is blowing cigarette smoke from his mouth which some times enter into my eyes and nose. According to the study conducted by Ophthalmologists of Royal College of Great Britain smoke that gets into the eyes can be the root of problems that may cause blindness Ashbury . Another reason to ban smoking is that it is an environmental issue. Not only cigarette buts on the ground are disgusting but smoking in enclosed spaces produces bad air for everyone. Smoking in a public place creates air pollution and it can damage our health in a number of ways. This air pollution can lead to various forms of respiratory disease. The main problem with smoking in a public place is indoor air pollution. The problems that affect a person who is in an environment polluted with smoke may result in coughing wheezing chest tightness headaches and other symptoms. Another problem is that smokers throw cigarette buts on the ground when they finish smoking which makes that place a very dirty and a horrible place to go to especially when that place is a park or a zoo. Many business owners predict that the law will cost them money because smokers will not stay as long as they used to stay in their places or will not come at all. I think this prediction is wrong which is more important people's life or money Non smokers will definitely come to these places because they care more for their health and the health of their families. Health Canada Researchers say a survey has shown that more people would be likely to visit bars and restaurants if they are smoke free than the number who will stay away because of a smoking ban Health Canada . Members of the American Lung Association and American Cancer Society in Cincinnati that support the ban of smoking say that business owners are overstressing Leingang . One of the sad things about smoking I think is the innocent children who are exposed to smoke on a regular basis. It is strange that there are regulations to look after children whose parents mistreat them and beat them up but there are no rules that protect children from parents who smoke and infect their children lungs Ferguson . . This can also increase lung diseases such as pneumonia ear infections and cause them to suffer from harsh asthma Firsthand . Children who are around parents who smoke are more likely to die from infant death syndrome SIDS . Another reason to ban smoking in public areas is that children like to mimic adults in every thing. In conclusion every body now knows that smoking causes lung cancer even the people who work in the tobacco industry but unfortunately smokers are still arguing about their rights to smoke in public. Smokers have the right to smoke but they do not have the right to harm other people that they smoke around. As the old saying goes your right to swing your fist ends where my nose begins . It is very clear that if all the governments around the world or any city decided to ban smoking in public it would create a healthier environment and decreases the deaths that are caused by secondhand smoke.
