Culture Shock Culture shock is an expression that we hear a lot in our time because it affects the lives of those who live outside of their country. It means those feelings of anxiety that you have when you travel or live abroad. Culture shock has different symptoms such as Sadness loneliness Insomnia depression. Doctors agree that most people who had culture shock go threw three stages The Honeymoon Phase the Negotiation Phase the Adjustment Phase and the Reverse Culture Shock phase. The Honeymoon Phase is where people enjoy the differences of the new culture and the Negotiation Phase is where they start to question theses differences start to develop anxiety while the Adjustment Phase is where they get adjusted to the new culture and finally the Reverse Culture Shock is when they go back to their country and they have to adjust them self to their country's culture. There are many solutions for the culture shock According to the University of Tennessee health science center there are number of ways to deal with it Develop friendships Take a course or read a book on cross cultural communication One of the best things to do in whole abroad is to have new friends from your home country and the new one. They will give you the comfort when you need it and the power to face the new challenges we can't live alone in our own country so it's silly to think that we can do it abroad. Another great way to conquer culture shock is read about it and about your new country. It's much easier to fight something that you have some kind of knowledge about than something that you don't know anything about. You can read books about the customs and the culture of the country or you can ask people who have been there about what might you expect and you can read about the stages of the culture shock which will make you more able to go threw it. As we can see culture shock is something that we can all face. But as long as we understand it we can easily handle it with the simple solutions stated develop friendships and take a course or read a book on cross cultural communication.
