Nowadays one illness which has emerged recently is insomnia. This is usually caused from the noise or stress in a daily life. It makes people can't rest or relax during at night so they become being tired the next day. Wikipedia which is an online encyclopedia defines it as a symptom of a sleeping disorder characterized by persistent difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep despite the opportunity. It is typically followed by functional impairment while awake. ANON_URLSPAGE_In addition According to the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services in the year 2007 approximately 64 million Americans suffer from insomnia on a regular basis each year. ANON_URLSPAGE_For this illness there might be some advices for activities during the day and activities right before bed. First of all there are some activities for reducing insomnia especially during the day. For example if people move more such as walking running and exercising more it makes their blood circulate and the body can be energetic during the day. These exercises might be tough at first. However even if people get tired and the sleepiness comes they shouldn't take that sleepiness right away. It can affect their sleep badly at night because they've already taken a nap. If someone really wants to sleep in the daytime they should go outside and get some fresh air or chat with somebody. These will make them feel more awake. In addition doctors can also give some professional advice or medicines. Perhaps this is not the best way but it can be the fastest way to cure insomnia. The other solutions are some activities right before bed. Before going to bed taking a warm bath helps them sleep well because it reduces the fatigue and make the blood circulate better. Then do some light reading. It can be a novel but most patients try to sleep by reading their religious books. Although if they can't sleep well after doing these activities drink a cup of warm milk. In milk there is an amino acid which causes the sleepiness. Besides if people drink warm milk it can help their digestion too. So it's also a good way to get rid of insomnia and get to sleep quickly. In conclusion people should think about their behaviors which are during the day and right before bed. Exercising more avoiding taking a nap and having an appointment with a doctor can be done during the day in addition to taking a warm bath reading a book and drinking a cup of milk are all possible solutions. If people apply these solutions and try to do them it's pretty likely that they will be able to come out of the insomnia soon.
