Nowadays everybody speaks about stress because stress is the most popular sickness in these days. Ours new style of life everything fast and quickly have as result stress stress at work or stress at school are the most common. The consequents of have stress. The problem with the families about tress problems and every world talk about the possible solutions and treatment to cure stress but nobody knows really what stress means even the specialist in this topic Stress is difficult for scientists to define because it is a subjective sensation associated with varied symptoms that differ for each of us. In addition stress is not always a synonym for distress. Dr. Paul J. Rosch The Role of stress in Health and Illness 2007 ANON_URLSITE_. For the essence of this sickness and all the areas who can affected a person is complicated found an only solution for this problem which affected a thousand of people around the world. I think that the only way to combat this sickness is trying to forget finding an escape door. Working just during the week taking breaks and practicing some activity are a few ways to help our bodies and minds to combat this terrible sickness. First of all is organize our tasks in order to work just during the week sounds easy but it is really hard. A good organized plan and of all the activities at work is the dream of all people who have a complicated job with a lot of activities meetings presentations with customers. Some person can organize so perfectly this schedule and finish this work during the week. In my case that never works all the time I brought work to my house to finish some report or a presentation for the next day. I really tried to finish the things in the office but for me was impossible between appointments the telephone that never stop to ring budget and questions of my staff is impossible finish my tasks during the job hours. I have to finish at home. Trying not to left things for weekends are impossible for me. I have many reports to do and information to analyze. The weekend for me is just more day that I have to work. Other option for reducing stress is get a break once a month or maybe once three months get a mini vacation or long weekend to rest. This sound perfect for me but I don't have the time to be absent for one week or even for a couple of days. Maybe an option is once months do something different to break the routine. Perhaps that can be result in my case stopped to work just a couple of hours and do something completely different for example go to dinner an exotic Thai restaurant. Finally the best and the only solution that works for me is practing a hobby or activity. Since childhood I had been an athletic I really love sports and enjoy a lot practicing. I am running every morning for 45 minutes no matter if it's raining or a sunny day I run. These 45 minutes in the morning is the only way that I have to throw away my stress. When I running I forget all the worries of the office the meetings with the customers and all my work obligations. Running is my escape door from everything about the office and helps me forget my stress. Other persons prefer more relaxing activities or hobbies like Yoga Pilates or swimming. If these work for them that is perfect. I'm a really energetic person and for that I need an energetic activity. In conclusion when there exist problems with so many aspects as stress there doesn't exist only one way to combat it. It is necessary to find the way what works for you. Working just during the week taking a break or practicing a hobby are the most common ways to fight with stress at work or school. In my personal case practiced a sport is the best way because running is the only thing that makes me forget all my responsibilities and preoccupations about work. I found the escape door from stress but did you find your door ANON_NAME_0 I brought my article today I give you tomorrow
