Stress comes from everywhere. Not only adults feel it but also children. Dr. Gautamadas quoted a recent survey when he said The perception of stress increases with age along with the urge to perform. And stress has a negative impact on performance. So it is a vicious circle. ANON_URLSPAGE_Adults feel stress because of work and family. Children or teenagers feel stress because of homework lots of tests or parents expecting high grades. But how do people release the stress and relax Here I have a few ways to reduce stress watching movies taking a walk at a beach and talking to family or friends. First watch a comedy such as Suit live of Zack and Cody or Kung Fu Panda. When I feel stress I sometimes watch a comedy. While watching it I laugh loudly. Meanwhile I temporarily forget the stress and the things which bothered me. After I watch a comedy I feel much better. Although I still have not solved the problem I feel I have energy to stress. Second sometimes I go to a beach. I love the blue sea and the sky. When I see the sky and the sea I feel very comfortable and it just takes away most of my stress. I always walk on the beach to help me relax too. One thing I sometimes do at the beach is shout loudly. Shouting at the beach is relaxing because it is very spacious and won't bother any person. Lastly I think is the most useful one is to talk to my family or friends. When I talk to my family and friends or spend time with them they always provide some solutions or tell me what is the problem. Take me for example after I came to Pittsburgh I feel a little homesick and upset because this is my first to live alone and I miss my family and friends. So I talk to my family and friends with Skype. Even though they didn't say anything but they listened to me and after the talking I feel more better and gained more energy to do everything. Watching a comedy going to the beach and talking with family and friends are just a suggestions but there are still other ways to release stress. Through these ways you can feel much better about the stress and have more energy to do everything you need to do. It is not so difficult. So don't feel upset when the stress comes. Just choose the way you like best and fight the stress!
