Crime in Large Cities I wish to have safety. Actually all people would like to live secure place but the crime problem has existed since the old times. Murder burglary assault and rape all cause enormous injury to people. There are three ways that can be reduce crime such as rehabilitating criminals increasing the job opportunities and educating the people. Crime can be reduced not only to build the prisons for the criminals but we can advise them how to learn from their mistakes. Do you think it will be useful Most of criminals didn't do will in their life for many reason. So far some reasons are unknown but we can see for these reasons such as the poor the ignorance and the workless. If we can help those people to have an occupation or even a handicraft to prompt them in order to incorporate them in the society after release. Definitely we will get satisfactory results. One of the efficient solutions is to make planning to create new job opportunities. The government and even philanthropic founded must take responsibility to do that. Because if we can find suitable jobs for the people who haven't any kind of education we can cut the road to crime before they occur. For example criminals are not boron and found their self criminals but the surrounding that were born and grew up may make them criminals I mean if the person find appropriate environment to be good person definitely he will not prefer for himself to be criminal. The whole society is very important to create free crime environment. Because if we help each other as much as we can we will find ourselves close from each other therefore will not steal each other or will not injure the other. May I'm talking about the ideal society but we probably do something like that as the author say A definition crime is relative and some could say that everyone is a criminal at some point or to some degree. If we are to be truly honest or cheated the system more or less so none of us has really the right to throw stones at or denounce criminals. All we can do is helping each others to be bitter person . Absolutely I agree with the author because if we help each other we can build our future without any problems. Rehabilitating criminals increasing the opportunities and educating the people are the most important solution that we can do. We all would like to live in the crime free environment without any suffering. We can combine our efforts government and the whole society in order to achieve our goals. It's difficult to find perfect solution but we have to try to find a better situation. Here it is The Crime Cure Crime prevention Cure yourself from crime for good The crime cure ingredients Funky guide with quantum gun Ethereal pills Audio diet Room acupuncture Wealth simulator All crime is a kind of disease and should be treated as such. Mahatma Gandhi Wanna shortcut No problem. Get the way out guide here Introductory Even though there might be a greater need for a crime cure targeted at the system running the world this crime cure is for all the individuals that have been committing crimes and want a way out to the next level. A definition of crime is relative and some could say that everyone is a criminal at some point or to some degree. If we are to be truly honest we all have harmed others or cheated the system more or less so none of us has really the right to throw stones at or denounce criminals. All we can do is help each other to be a better person. The premise of this crime prevention concept is that if there was a way for criminals to make it in this world legit they would jump at it. That is why our prime focus is to offer an alternative way to get what they want out of life. The only way to become really really wealthy besides crime inheritance and lotto is by starting own business so our crime prevention program includes all the tools to do just that. Crime cure is a virtual or ethereal medicine which when taken in prescribed manner will cure a criminal from crime. This virtual compound works far greater than any synthetic counterpart would do because there are no side effects and it tackles the disorder at the level where it's at not just the physical. It uses triple action transition formula which ensures the perfect results. Crime prevention at its best!
