Insomnia Personally I used to have sleepless nights constantly. Almost every night I was up all night on my bed trying to fall asleep for hours. It sometimes took me 3 4 hours. And sometimes I didn't sleep at all and went to school in the morning. I was very frustrated whenever I couldn't sleep so I researched on my problem and tried several suggestions that I found. From my experience I believe that exercising eating healthy and making a sleeping routine are the best solutions. When I think of the time that I couldn't fall asleep I was always stressed out about something and didn't really know how to release my stress. I found out on the internet that exercising was a great help for letting go of my stress. I started off with walking to places like a grocery store everyday instead of a ride. After awhile I became aware of myself being mentally and emotionally balanced. A stress free life and a little bit of exercise helped me so much to put me to sleep more easily. Additionally exercising made my body tired enough to fall asleep every night. Eating healthy was something that I came up with on my own. It's hard to eat healthy especially when I'm being away from home and living on my own. However I could make a little bit of a change for example adding some fruit or vegetables to my meal. After I started to eat healthier I didn't feel lazy as much and became more active and that even made me sleepy at night and fall asleep effortlessly. Because I always had a trouble sleeping my sleeping routine was terrible. I took a nap for a few hours after school almost everyday because I was exhausted from sleepless nights. I discovered on the internet that Experts generally recommend no more than half an hour no matter how tired you are. It's important not to disturb your regular nighttime patterns . Taking a few hours of napping and not getting enough sleep at night was a bad routine. However I tried not to nap more than one hour and tried to go to bed on the same time every night. After I got out of my bad sleeping routine I became adjusted to my new planned sleeping routine. It definitely helped me putting me to sleep at night. I learned that making just a little bit of changes to my daily life can be not only very effective for insomnia but also beneficial to my life. Now that I can sleep well eat well and enjoy exercise I feel like I'm up for anything. Reference ANON URLPAGE
