Min Last Name Writing 4 Q Write and article for the travel section of a newspaper. There are several aspects you should consider when you plan to go out to travel. Economical travel is the most important issue for most people. You can arrange several activities before a trip such as booking a hotel in advance and finding a good air ticket deal. Many other ways for traveling economically are also widely available to you. Choosing to stay in a three star hotel instead of a five star hotel trying to find a grocery store and buy some food and eat outside instead of buying all food from the hotel are good ways of saving. Furthermore you can also visit some places in a certain time for free or with a discount price. For example central park in Shanghai is open for free on every Thursday. Besides economical travel educational travel is also very important for many people especially for families with children. Visiting local museums is a good way for you and your children to learn cultural and historical truth. Many countries and places have travel guider companies. Hiring a travel guide to lead and to introduce the site background is a good way to learn new things if you feel comfortable with the amount of financial spending. Besides visiting schools or universities also helps you learn the educational background and system. Traveling economically and educationally are not the only considerations when you plan to travel. Fun travel must be the mot incentive reason for you to go out. When you visit shanghai you should arrange a couple of days to try all kinds of Chinese cuisines or snacks if you are an epicure. When you visit Kyoto you must not skip the temples where you will learn some Asia culture and do not forget to have a hot spring bath to relieve the stress out feeling from work. Shopping is another fun activity for most female when they go to travel. If you are one of them shopping different interesting and good things will make you feel you have a valuable and fun travel.
