Enjoy your trip. I would like to give you some of advice you should use this. You have to bring a good chose Camera passport and enough money. First before when you want to go any trip you should look for cheap ticket. Some of airplanes is sells the ticket there months before. Second you should found cheap hotels and a cheap car because you want to visit a lot of city or something like that. This is when you want to go by airplanes. Then if you want go by car. Maybe it is cheaper than by airplane. I like to go by car because I would like to see the natural. I thank when you go by car the trip should be fantastic. So now should I tell about when you arrive to the hotel You should wake up early between 8 00 a. M. To 9 00 a. M. In the morning. After that you have to eat breakfast early. Make sure you spent your time in the useful way. So now I have to tell you some of advice for the educational. First you should visit the museum and you have to go to the zoo. Second you have to enjoy your time there. So you should go to the big city or the old building also. Although If you visited all these but still time to go to watch a now movies. Then if you like the history should you go to the library if you can. So you should know about the weather and the rules for this country or the city. Finally you should speak with some of the people who know about this country or the city. They have to give you a good advice about this. Now you have to make fun with your trip. For example you have to make new friends there. Then try to eat a new food and desert. So try to lean another language if you want to go different country. Remember you should learn anything new. Finally you have to go with friends or your family or your wife. Please don't going with yourself really . It is so boring. Try to make your friend family and your wife happy. There is a good time in your life. So you must to come your home really. Maybe one day before your job. Remember you should buy something from there. Also you have to bay some present for your parents your wife also and your best friends.
