My partner's name ANON_NAME_0 Pino Questions 1. What does your name mean Answer My first name does not mean anything. However my last name Pino means fir tree. 2. Do you use a title Answer I don't use a title myself but it happens that people call me Mister Pino in the US or Monsieur Pino in France. 3. Do you have a nickname Answer I don't really have a nickname that people use constantly but my friends sometimes use Juancito or Juanito when they want to joke with me. 4. How do your friends call you Answer They usually call me ANON_NAME_0 . 5. How do you feel about your name Answer I like it but it's a pity that hardly anyone can say it properly! 6. Is your name difficult for foreigners Answer Yes it is Americans call me One French call me Roan which sounds like the French city Roanne and I don't like my name as it is pronounced in Spanish from Spain. The only way I like it is when it is pronounced by people from South America. General questions 1. Where do you come from Answer I come from France. 2. Where do you live in Pittsburgh Answer I live in Squirrel Hill. 3. Why did do you study English Answer It was compulsory at school and I knew that it would be useful for day to day life. 4. What hobbies do you like to do Answer I like dancing traveling reading and watching movies and the daily show. 5. What are your future plans Answer I plan to live in the street because I feel right now that my future is going to be very difficult given the current crisis. I had the opportunity to talk with to Monsieur ANON_NAME_0 Pino. Although Monsieur ANON_NAME_0 Pino is French he has the common Spanish first name ANON_NAME_0 which does not mean anything and the Spanish last name Pino which means fir tree. It is unbelievable but it is truth true that neither can French nor Russian nor American people pronounce the very simple first name correctly. It makes him sad. He does not even like his name as it is pronounced in Spanish from Spain! The only way he likes it pronounced is by people from South America and by himself. Anyway he lives in the USA and has to accept the situation that people call him one . He came to Pittsburgh in order to become a holder of a master's degree. He studied English at school in France. Although at school it was a compulsory discipline he also knew that it would be useful for day to day life. He was right. Now he is a graduate student at Carnegie Mellon University he lives in a nice place Squirrel Hill with his wife. ANON_NAME_0 likes salsa dancing I guess because there he can meet a lot of people from South America who can call him correctly. He used to study salsa dancing so now being very busy with his work he has the time only for listening salsa music. ANON_NAME_0 also likes traveling reading watching movies and the daily show. Studying in the USA he makes a lot of new friends including students from South America what makes him happy. His friends usually call him ANON_NAME_0 or Juancito . When I asked him my last question about his futures plans I probably did not pronounce his name correctly and he was offended. He told me that he plans to live in the street because he feels right now that his future is going to be very difficult given the current crisis. This is an unusual person with the simple name ANON_NAME_0 Pino.
