The Similarities and Differences between US and Saudi Arabian Culture. The culture difference a term that you might hear about frequently means how the customs believes or actions of a group of people is different from another group. Is there any difference between cultures Do they have something in common Do people in one area act or think differently than other people in a different area When I was a child I could not believe that. I thought all people have the same culture. When I started traveling to different countries I realized that there are some cultural similarities and differences and between cultures. For example US culture and Saudi Arabian culture are not exactly the same. Some of the cultural similarities and differences between US culture and Saudi Arabian culture are related to customs education and even food. First of all some customs in the United States are similar to those in Saudi Arabia but some of them are different. For example both of the Saudis and US citizens consider personal privacy as something important. On the other hand being on time in attending parties or dinners is different between both cultures. Whereas Saudis consider being late for ten minutes is something that usually happens U. S citizens consider being late for five is a negative point and guests should call to apologize. So personal privacy is aspect that both cultures agree about but being on time is one aspect which is different. As for customs education has some similarities and differences between both cultures. U. S. Citizens think that education is a need to improve their nation and its resources. Likewise the Saudi people have the same perspective about how education is important. However the education methods are different. In the United States the discussion method is dominant. In contrast the students act as listeners to what the professor says in Saudi Arabia. Even though the perspective about the education and learning is the same in both cultures learning and education styles are different. Finally food also has some similarities and differences. Nowadays fast food became to spread in Saudi Arabia as well as in the United States. However both cultures prefer different tastes and toppings. While the Saudi people like the food spicy with minimal toppings the U. S. Citizens like food with less spice and more toppings. This shows how food could defer from both cultures. In conclusion similarities and differences between cultures are existing in many aspects. Customs education and food are some of those aspects which have similarities and differences between U. S. And Saudi cultures. As those two cultures have similarities and differences other cultures do so.
