Compare and contrast some aspect of Korea and Japan Korea and Japan have many differences although they have some similarities. Because of this Korean considers Japan both near country and far country. When I visited Japan I was surprised to be like with Korea. However after one day passed I was surprised again that there is a gap between Korea and Japan. So I'm going to compare Korea and Japan especially eating habits education and house. First if you watch to eat meals both Korea and Japan you may think they are similar. Their meals contain boiled rice and some side dishes of course. However Korean use spoon when they eat boiled rice or some kind of soup. In contrast Japanese don't use spoon when they eat the soup. They just rise their bowl up and drink the soup like drinking water. Moreover most of Korean likes hot and spicy foods but Japanese don't have that traditionally. Nowadays some Japanese enjoy hot foods like Kimchi. Next part is education. Entrance of a college is important in Japan as well as Korea. Each college is ranked by the grades of passing exam so the college that is ranked high has good name value. The more a student graduate good school the more get a good job. Because of this the students in Korea or Japan have to study hard especially they are high school students. Having a good skill in English is also crucial. Most of Korean parents want to send their child to foreign countries such as United States Canada and Britain to learn English. So many families are separated because the father of the child has to earn money in Korea. On the other hand Japanese parents don't do that. The house in Korea or Japan also has some commonness and dissimilarity. If you enter a Korean house you have to take off your shoes and Japanese house too. Although a carpet is spread in the floor they take their shoes off in the entrance. But in the method of heating they are different. The Korean house has a way of heating that called 'Ondol' make warm its bottom directly. Unlike this way Japanese house has an appliance that called 'Kotachu. ' A lot of tourists come and go between Korea and Japan every year. They are surprised at the similarities sometimes and enjoy the differences. If the globalization is more progressed some differences between Korea and Japan remain unchanged.
