New York and Red woods I'm 24 years old this year. In my life I've visited the U. S. Twice. I've stayed here for more than 5 months. During the past 5 months I visited plentiful places in the U. S. Thanks for my host mother I was able to see in many attractions. She was one of the tour enthusiasts like me. Among them in my mind there are absolutely must see places in the U. S NEW YORK and RED WOODS. If you are a tour maniac you should visit them at least once. I will write the similarities and differences between two places in order to offer backpackers information about spectacular sights. At first glance it doesn't seem that New York and Red woods have a lot in common. However unexpectedly you can recognize between two places have one thing in common. It is definitely that both of them are the best place where we can see the beauty of marvelous perspective. You are nothing but dirt when you are between numerous high buildings similar to among the overwhelming big and huge trees. In addition both of them represent the U. S. Than any other place I know. Millions of people from over the world visit to New York every day. Likewise Red Wood is crowded with tourists and scientists during a whole day. As you know it is easy to find the differences between two places. In terms of location New York is located in the eaten part of the U. S and Red Woods is located in the western part of the U. S. Besides areas the weather of New York is very different from the weather of Red Woods. Since Red Wood is located in California it is usually warmer than New York. Whereas New York has snowy days Red Woods has rainy days in the winter. That's why almost of trees in the Red Woods are huge and tall like tropical trees. Furthermore their characteristics are totally different. For instance New York can be called the activist city in the world. It is composed by incredible energy and vivid sprits than other any cities. In contrast Red woods can be called one of the overwhelming creature god made. We make ourselves calm and relax by deeply inhaling fresh air in there. While you can see manmade masterpieces in New York you can be Adam and Eve who lives in miraculous nature in Red Woods. In conclusion although tow places are very different I want to force you to go there at least once. If you visit New York you may appreciate artificial beauty. If you visit Red Woods you may appreciate natural beauty. I'm sure that you will not be disappointed you will be satisfied.
