Different Eating Habits between Korea and the United States It is easy to find the various countries' foods such as India Italian Korean and so on in the United States. We can understand the cultures through these foods. The eating habits would be the one way to understand their culture. Various foods also have different eating habits. There are several different eating habits between Korea and the United States such as different tools when they eat the place where people eat and different main carbohydrates. First of all they use different tools when they eat. The Korean people use chopsticks. Let me tell you about the origin of chopsticks. In ancient times at China people use the chopsticks when they pick up pieces in hot soup. They made the chopsticks by breaking off the tree. It affects to Asian culture and Korean people have used the chopsticks. Especially in Korea people use the 'steel' chopsticks. By the way the US people use the folk and knife. The tools when we use for eating are differ from the foods. Second people eat the food at the different place. In traditional way Korean people eat food on the table without chairs. Before the western culture came Korean people usually lived on floor such as eating studying and sleeping. It's common in Korean that people sit on the floor without chairs. On the other hand in the USA people eat foods sitting on the chair. These habits come from their own traditional life style. At the last there are different main carbohydrates between Korea and the USA. In this part we can find the difference with the farming. In Korea farmers have cultivated the rice as the main grain. The almost of the Korean menus are with the rice. However the USA is explained with variety. In the USA where various cultures are coexisted most of foods are made of wheat such as bread pasta and noodle. In conclusion the various foods represent the wide range eating habits. There are several different eating habits between Korea and the United States such as different tools when they eat the place where people eat and different main carbohydrates. Through the comparison between each countries' eating habits we can learn their unique and historical culture.
