My Sister and I I love my sister very much. In fact I feel that she is the closest member of my family to my heart. Although she is one and a half year older than me we seem to be from the same age. We look very similar as well. People Usually think that my sister and I are twins but the truth that our personalities hobbies and life choices are very different. My sister's personality is very different than mine. She is a dreamer while I am a realistic person. She is an intellectual while I act before I think. She is a very active person considerate of others and thinking of how to make the world a better place. On the other hand I always depend on someone to take care of me and usually it is her who does that. In contrast she is a strong fighter and I am a peaceful person. When it comes to our hobbies there is no similarity in any of them. It is true that we both love to read but what we read is very different. While I like to read novels and short stories my sister likes to read more into depth books. She reads self improvement psychology and controversial books. Although I love cooking and any thing related to cooking my sister hates the kitchen and any thing involves cooking which imply that I am a handy person and I love to use my hands other than my brain while my sister is more of a thinker who uses her brain a lot more than I do. One other hobby that don't has any similarities is shopping. My sister is shopaholic. She can't stay one day with out shopping. On the other hand I shop every 3 months sometimes and I don't like to go to the mall if I don't need to buy something. Last but not least our choices in life are different too. My sister was majoring in English Literature. She graduated from school in 4 years. Then she got married. On the other hand I was majoring in interior design. Then I moved to another college and changed my major to nutrition. It took me 7 years to finish my bachelor. After that I started to travel all over the world. In the same time my sister was settling down with her husband and kids in a nice house. Right now my goal is to become a chef and open my restaurant while my sister's dream is to become a family consular. In general my sister and I are different in many aspects in life but the most important thing that we are a family and we complete each other. Even though we have different personalities hobbies and life choices we are best friends and best sisters and I am broad that we are sisters.
