Hi everyone! First of all I would like to thank you one of my series's fans for creating this wonderful website in oder to communicate with the me . I promise I will try my best to continously update my work and my life in this valuable space. Anyway let me start with my short personal profile first. As everyone already knew I have been a scripwriter for 4 years. During that time I have produces 2 drama series Girls club! Season 1 2 a sitsom show A happy family and a musical play Behind the painting. Only the last one is dramatically success but the other . However I have quit script working for 6 months because I would like to pursue something important. Thing I have dreamt since I was young! That is to be the novelist. For everyone looking forward to seeing my first novel. I guarantee with my reputation that it is worth to wait for you all . Actually even myself can't wait to read it also . During this month I 've been writing my first novel with excitement and inspiration . It would be the sweetest story I have ever written in my life. That is because I have been writing this novel while I have been falling in love with someone. Oh! Did I tell you all I should not have told to you guy like this. What a shame I am! Anyway to my all fans it is very important for me. I have not fallen in love with someone for long time and I do not want to loose this relationship. So could you keep my secret He is my friend. Actually he is my very best friend I have ever had. We have known each other for a couple months in Pittsburgh . We did many memorable things together. Everymorning we went to school and spent time having lunch every afternoon . On the weekend we usually went to the pub then drank smoke complained about living in terrible cold weather and even complained about our bitter love story in the past. . I did not know what happened . I only did know when I turned my head into him again . I considered he was too sweet to keep as a friend . At this time I don't know what the story in the next chapter. I even don't know the end of strory. It probably depends on the direction of our relationship . Howver It would be good if my first novel would be such a happy ending story right Anyway hope you guy keep following up the movement of my novel and also my real life in the site !
