I use to live in Taoyuan but now I live in Pittsburgh. For me whatever I live in Taoyuan or Pittsburgh they have very similar ways such as transportation bad traffic so I accustomed to living in Pittsburgh. However there are significant differences between Pittsburgh and Taoyuan such as the life style and different winter season. First Taoyuan and Pittsburgh are both great cities but there are several different ways. I Taoyuan the nightlife is fabulous and interesting. For example we have night markets anywhere and open 24 hours so we can hang out with friends anytime. However Pittsburgh compares to my hometown Taoyuan it is much boring. Furthermore Pittsburgh is a old city so it does not have new thing to do. Besides Taiwanese have so quickly lifestyle that people become pretty nervous and do not have enough time to relax. Nonetheless Americans are very happy and enjoying their life because if their slowly lifestyle. The most difference thing is the winter season because we do not have snow in Taoyuan that some of Taiwanese have never seen snow in their whole life. But in Pittsburgh has beautiful snow season. Second Taoyuan and Pittsburgh have several similarities. For instance people are very friendly and kindly that you have any problem people are willing to help you. In addition we both have great the public transportation. If we do not have cars we still can easy to go anywhere. Furthermore we also have terrible traffic in our rush time. Namely in the morning people are going downtown at the same time so the lanes cannot afford to the large traffic that people are usually late for working and studying. Moreover both Taoyaun and Pittsburgh are safe area because we all have low criminal rate and peaceful. Besides they are good for studying that the areas are around the school so many students come to Taoyuan and Pittsburgh. To sum up Taoyuan and Pittsburgh are really far from each other but we are also in the northern that have some similarities among them people are very friendly and kindly having the great public transportation and also having bad traffic. And we also have some differences such as we have vary life but Pittsburgh does not have it our lifestyle are totally different and we have different winter seasons.
