When I came to Pittsburgh for the first time I was surprised because Pittsburgh was calm like my hometown. My hometown is Chang won near Bu san in Korea. Even though. They have same smell. But Pittsburgh is more modern than my hometown. For example Pittsburgh has an airport but my hometown has a train station. Like these Pittsburgh and my hometown are similar and different. First of all I want to define two areas. Pittsburgh is the second largest city in the U. S. Of Pennsylvania. The downtown is a triangular tract carved by the confluence of the Allegheny Monongahela and Ohio rivers. The city is known the Steelers that are a football champion team. Next Chang won is a city in South of Korea. The city is capital of the southern provinces Gyeong sang. The Junam reservoir in Chang wan is a famous bird migration area and largest in Korea. During the peak winter there is a bird watching festival called ' The migratory bird festival'. Pittsburgh and my hometown are very similar cities. First Pittsburgh is a country and my hometown is too. For example many old people live in Pittsburgh and my hometown more than another city. Second my hometown there isn't the sea and neither is Pittsburgh. So it is expensive to buy marine products. Finally Pittsburgh doesn't have much entertainment and my hometown doesn't either. For example Pittsburgh doesn't have casino also my hometown doesn't have it. In addition to having similar things Pittsburgh and my hometown are different in many ways. First Pittsburgh is a region of heavy snow but my hometown is rarely snow For example if it was snow that was hot issue in my hometown. Second although Pittsburgh doesn't have a high mountain my hometown has many mountains. So I felt empty when I looked around the surroundings in here. Finally Pittsburgh's weather is different from my hometown's weather. Pittsburgh is cold but my hometown is warm in winter. I didn't need to wear an earplug a muffler and gloves in my hometown. In conclusion I may miss Pittsburgh when I go back my hometown like during I was in here I was missing my hometown.
