For me Pittsburgh should be a very strange city because before I moved in Pittsburgh I had never been to here. But when I arrived here I felt that Pittsburgh was not unfamiliar to me. Pittsburgh is a city which has a lot of commons compared with my hometown Wuhan. These have me feel easy to adapt to the new circumstance of Pittsburgh. Whereas it is evident to see that Pittsburgh is in the US and my hometown Wuhan is in China. There are certainly a lot of differences between the two cities. At first glance the two cities are in common in many ways. First of all both Pittsburgh and Wuhan have a big and modern national airport. Next the two cities are both crowded the buildings stand one by one at the two sides of the streets. Finally the traffic is the same at both cities. In the day the buses the cars and other vehicle are always running slowly. However the exact same of the two cities is that they are both having several rivers flowing through the two cities and the bridges are very important to connect up the city in its entirety. Most importantly Pittsburgh and Wuhan both have many malls and supermarkets. Either of the two cities you live in it is same convenience. In addition to the same Pittsburgh is a mountains city the roads slope up and down the streets are very narrow and circuitous. The weather of Pittsburgh is cold snowy and dim in winter but it is cool in summer. As we know Pittsburgh is in the US the major food is certainly American food even though you eat at Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh the taste of food is also belong to American Chinese food. I like the local people of Pittsburgh who are friendly. This reduces my frustration that is caused by language trouble. My hometown Wuhan is a plain city. Hundreds of freshwater lakes in Wuhan. Unlike Pittsburgh the streets in Wuhan are flat straight and wide. In contrast the weather of Wuhan is warm in winter but particularly hot and humid in summer. About the food it is very different from Pittsburgh. It is obvious that Chinese food is the major food in Wuhan and the freshwater fish is local people daily dish. On the other hand in Wuhan people are often with a cool face and less small to stranger. Even though there are many differences between Pittsburgh and Wuhan. I am glad to live in Pittsburgh. Living different city can have me get varied experiences and enrich my life. I am always happy to taste different food as well. I not only like my hometown Wuhan but alas like Pittsburgh.
