I have been here in Pittsburgh for a month. I have been taking ELI program in Pittsburgh University. ELI Teachers and many international students are all good people. Also I feel happy to live here and to study English. However I sometimes missed my hometown Incheon. It was contributed to a homesick. I think that there are many similar and different things between Incheon and Pittsburgh. I would like to introduce these things to you. First I want to let you know my hometown Incheon. Incheon is one of the major industrial cities of Korea. As a international city Incheon has a international airport and several islands. So you can easily go to the sea take a cruise and eat various sliced raw fish at any time but it is not common to eat various sliced raw fish. Next there are many Buildings and plants rather than schools and universities. On the other hand Pittsburgh has many universities so that it is called the city of education. In addition At Incheon the weather at winter is warmer and shorter than that of Pittsburgh. Second I would like to talk about Pittsburgh. Above of all the thing that I like the most is that Pittsburgh has a good welfare policy. There are many educational institutes and hospitals. Also there are many parks and museums so the people can enjoy lots of cultural life. However there are few chances to take part in that cultural life in Incheon. Furthermore Pittsburgh is famous for the football team Steelers. The team won the final Super bowl match 2009. On the other hand Incheon has no football team. Instead of a football team Incheon has a famous baseball team which won the final match Korean Series. In spite of these different aspects there must have been common things between the two cities. For example the people in Pittsburgh are very kind to foreigners. Likewise people in Incheon are also kind to strangers. Next Both cities have a similar level of prices particularly the essential items such as rice bread clothes and so on. Until now I told you some similarities and differences between the two cities. However the most important thing is that anybody cannot judge which city is better than the other. Every city has it's own traditions and good aspects. I hope that I will learn more about the Pittsburgh and enjoy many things while I stay here to study English in Pittsburgh.
