My Hometown and Pittsburgh My hometown is Linfen Shanxi Province in China. However Pittsburgh is a city of PA in American. Do you want to know them Please let me introduce them to you now. Maybe if you have time you like to see them! Both of them are medium city. They are all not near sea and have little fresh seafood. Both of them are the secondary big city in its Province or State. Moreover they are distinct four seasons. The weather in my hometown is as cool as that in Pittsburgh in winter. It is very hot in summer in both of them. Both my hometown and Pittsburgh have a dry climate. The peoples of them are very friendly and satisfied in their lives. Their traffic is convenient. They have city bus stop. Train station and airport. It is very easy to travel and visit friends. My hometown is located on the northern part of China. Basin is its major landform. Linfen has a long history and abundant coal resource. The initial genesis of Linfen is traceable to the Shang dynasty before 4000 years . There are many ancient palaces in my hometown. With economic improvement there are more high buildings in Linfen than in Pittsburgh. The almost of peoples in my hometown are live in high apartment in downtown. There are no too much spaces for them. The economy in my hometown is worse than in Pittsburgh. Otherwise it is little pity that there is little rain and snow in my hometown now. Pittsburgh is located on the eastern part of United States. Mountain is its major landform. Pittsburgh has short history just 250 years older. Pittsburgh was famous steel city and had bad air previously. Now all steel factories were moved out Pittsburgh. It becomes very clear. The peoples of Pittsburgh like to live in big house in suburb. They have luxuriant materials in many aspects. For example electricity application water application big private spaces and so on. They have more money and time to travel in the world than in my hometown. In a wood there are many different aspects and same traits between my hometown and Pittsburgh. Both of two cities are very beautiful. I love them.
