MY HOMETOWN IS JEDDAH There are several differences between Pittsburgh and Jeddah. Jeddah is located to the East of United States. So when I was leaving in Jeddah I thought this city was small then any city. In fact I have been in the United States spatially Pittsburgh for one year. I saw a lot of things are different. For example weather restaurant shopping and school. There are a lot of interesting things to see and do in the Jeddah city. It is home over 120 world class shopping. In addition all this shops is cheaper. Everyone is going to chopping every weekend. At this point every weekend they have sold for the food and the clothes. Next there is something for everyone. Then many people go to Jeddah. There is a wonderful restaurant. Furthermore there are thousands of restaurants to please every palate and wallet. After that if you are look for a please to shop. Especially you will find everything you can imagine. The weather is very hot. You have to open all the time air condition. This is in the summer but in the winter is warm. Also the schools are very big. There are some of schools in the same area. Pittsburgh has distant weather. For example some days are warm or cold. I leave in Pittsburgh but I didn't find a good food. Such as fast food is bad food in the world but some of restaurant is good as subway. Also the food is bad and very expansive. Pittsburgh is known for their rich variety of theater music and dance. In addition there are art museums science museum photography museum and even a museum of natural history. Pittsburgh has a lot of big building like PPG and UPMS in down town. Pittsburgh and Jeddah are similar in many ways. First. Pittsburgh is the same kind of traffic as Jeddah. Then Pittsburgh has people friendly and Jeddah does too. Next Pittsburgh has good parks similarly Jeddah has good parks. Finally the public transit in Pittsburgh is like the public transit in Jeddah. There are a lot of similarities and differences between Pittsburgh and Jeddah. No any city is completed. There are a lot of people don't like to leave with cold weather but some people like to leaves. I thing you have accept this life. Also I like to say every city is not the same. It has different rules and people.
