English is obviously the most popular language in the world these days. Also the importance of learning English is growing. Countless countries use English as an official language and we are communicating with these countries even though our country has its own language. Therefore it is evident that learning English gives us several benefits such as sharing cultures and getting a good job. First of all we can experience and learn other countries' cultures by learning English. People like to read books and almost 80 of books in the world are written by English. Also lots of movies are made in the countries that use English as an official language. Especially the United States makes innumerable movies in English and watching those movies without subtitles can be an opportunity to learn cultures as well as another pleasure. In the present day companies require us to have a high English level. Because of globalization companies sell their products to other countries to earn a lot of money. Furthermore selling their products to other countries means that the companies are huge and usually pay their employees high salaries. For example Samsung a company that is famous for its DRAM displays and cell phones gives their employees over 50 000 dollars a year. However Samsung demands potential employees to have a high score on the TOEFL and encourages employees to keep studying for their scores. That's why foreigners go to the United States Canada and Britain to learn English. It is clear that learning English provides us with the opportunity to get a great job. Consequently learning English gives us the chance to share cultures such as books and movies which can affect other cultures and it could create new cultures. Most of all companies don't remain in the countries in which they originated to compete with foreign companies. We are able to an employee of these companies by being familiar with English. Moreover as a person to live in the world we can contribute international development by building the better products. Learning English cannot be an additional language. It's the indispensable language to live more humanely.
