The Role of the Internet in our lives What did I do before the Internet and Google I guess a lot of people ask themselves that question. I have become concerned that media have changed or way of thinking and have changed or everyday lives. The importance of media is obvious however media have different influences on our lives at school and in the social environment. Nowadays the media have influenced almost all students' behavior. The Internet has changed the habits of students. They don't go to the library so often like in the past they use the Internet and don't spend so much time studying. Moreover media give the opportunity to get a quick instant answer to any question. Students are spoiled because they can get information easier and without much difficulty. For Example if they get a task at school they usually use some kind of Internet tools such as Google Wikipedia to achieve their goals. Furthermore using different types of media leads to losing the quality of information. A lot of students prefer skimming a book on the Internet instead of reading it in paper form. It makes the life of a student more convenient but she he can lose some qualities like the style of writing details or just pleasure from that activity. Today the Internet influence our everyday lives in the social environment as well. First media have some advantages but on the other hand take away the time that we usually spend with family and friends. Reading a newspaper on the Internet searching for information or just spending time surfing is without interaction with people. For instance the family doesn't spend time together but every member of the family at the same time is looking for something interesting on the Internet. Next very often people use electronic communication instead of personal contact. They prefer to talk through e mail or Facebook. In our busy lives we have lost the contact with real people. Finally media makes us lonelier than ever. We have stopped meeting new people just to talk. A conversation is built around a shared question or interest so only having information from the Internet lets us be alone with our opinions. For example enjoying music from an iPod is not the same as enjoying music with friends. To summarize media have some convenient aspects but can also influence our lives in the wrong way. The Internet modified the learning process of a student and changed the life style of many families. Does the Internet and tools like Google and Wikipedia make life simpler or are they just making us lazier
