The Benefits of Learning English learning a second language is very important especially nowadays because of globilization. In fact Learning English is essential because it is a mother language and widespread among the world . Actually there is a high percentage of bilingual people. The majority of people prefer to learn English because it is the most famous language right now. Moreover there are a lot of benefits of learning English. We can classify the benefits of learning English into two groups studying and business. Learning English is important especially when you decide to study in a country that's official language is English such as the USA or the UK. Learning English helps you to complete your studying without any barriers or obstacles. Moreover there are a lot of references in English. On the other hand there are limited references in other some different languages. In general references are not as available as in English especially in some medical fields and research. A lot of people prefer studying English to be able to research very easily. Moreover it is a good idea to learn English to attend some international meetings and conferences. The second most important benefit of learning English is in business. You have to learn English to communicate with other people who do not speak your native language . So how can you be in contact with them without learning English . Also you will achieve a lot of experience and advice as a result of communication of other people. For instance when you have some business problems you can consult other people to help you. So it is easy to achieve more and more help and experience if you can communicate with other investors or clients. To sum up English is very important in many areas. I think that studying and managing business are the most important benefits of learning English . You would better learn English to accomplish your goals as much as possible. So I recommend everybody learning English to achieve more and more success in life.
