Christina 02. 16. 09 Compare and contrast some aspect of Korea and Japan Korea and Japan have many differences although they have some similarities. Because of this Koreans consider Japan a country both near country and far country. When I visited Japan I was surprised to similar to Korea. However after one day passed I was surprised again that there is a gap between Korea and Japan. So I'm going to compare Korea and Japan especially eating habits education and house. First if you watch Korean or Japanese eating meals you may think they are similar. Their meals contain boiled rice and some side dishes of course. However Koreans use a spoon when they eat boiled rice or some kind of soup. In contrast Japanese don't use a spoon when they eat soup. They just life their bowl up and drink the soup like drinking water. Moreover most of the Koreans like hot and spicy foods but Japanese don't have that traditionally. Educations of two countries also have both faces. Entrance into a college is important in Japan as well as Korea. Each college is ranked by the grades of passing exam so the college that is ranked high has good name value. The better the school a student graduates from the better job s he can get. Because of this the students in Korea or Japan have to study hard especially they are high school students. Having a good skill in English is also crucial. Most of the Korean parents want to send their child to foreign countries such as the United States Canada and Britain to learn English. So many families are separated because the father of the child has to earn money in Korea. On the other hand Japanese parents don't do that. Although both of countries have desire for education their ways to learn are some different. The houses in Korea or Japan also have some likeness and dissimilarity. If you enter a Korean house you have to take off your shoes and Japanese house too. Although a carpet is spread the floor out they take their shoes off in the entrance. But in the method of heating they are different. The Korean house has a way of heating that is called 'Ondol' make warm its bottom directly. Unlike Ondol Japanese house has an appliance that is called 'Kotachu' similar to table which is covered with blanket and there is an implement for heating. Even though their external appearances look similar there are more or less differences inside. A lot of tourists come and go between Korea and Japan every year. They are surprised at the similarities sometimes and enjoy the differences. If the world is more and more globalized some differences between Korea and Japan remain unchanged.
