The Educational System in the KSA and the USA Education is very important in all socities. A lot of governments encourage education. The educational system varies from country to country. I would like to feature you some aspects of educational systems in my home country and the USA. Actually I want to talk about these systems to notice some advantages and disadvantages of both systems. Moreover I would like to suggest some recommendations to figure out some defects. As everybody knows there are an asymmetrical aspects and symmetrical aspects between two systems. So the educational systems in the KSA and the USA have several things in common on the other hand they have some differences as well. The two systems have a lot in common. They both have a high quality in education. Education is appropriate and suitable for working needs and demands. There are many universities and colleges in the KSA and the USA. Also there are public and private schools in both countries. The KSA educational system applies a modern technology in education. Likewise the USA educational system uses a modern technology in education. The KSA educational methods are similar to the USA educational methods. Even though the two systems have a lot os similarities there are a couple of differences. First of all the duration of education of some fields varies from country to other. For example the duration of studying radiological sciences is four years in the USA while the duration of studying the same science is five years and half in the KSA. Second there are some specialities and subspecialities that may available in one country rather than other. For illustration music dancing decoration are not available in the KSA. In contrast some related islamic studies are limited in the USA. Whereas the education in the KSA is free there is a tuition fee in the USA. So you have to pay to study in the USA but you don't have to pay to study in the KSA. To sum up there are a couple of similarities and differences between the two systems. Actually I recommend that some Saudi and American educational experts to meet each other and discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the two systems. Moreover they can realize some benefits and experiences from each other. Furthermore they can treat some defects and insufficient materials to improve their systems . Frankly each country has unique experience . So I hope that we learn more about others experiences by making some scientific comparsions and research reports.
