Eating habit is the one of the biggest aspect relevant to the cultures. Sometimes it is very interesting to know the new foods and new eating habits for your experiences when you travel to other countries. But once you start to live in the new countries you need to be accustomed to the new culture as soon as you arrived there. At that time you may face to the some confusion especially the eating habit because you are not familiar with this culture and foods. In addition sometimes it causes you some stresses too. To start your new life smoothly and having less culture shock it is very important to know before the differences between your culture and the new culture where you are going to. Here is the example of the comparison in eating habits between America and Japan. For the first we can focus on many similarities between American habit and Japanese habit. For example both of them have a custom of habit eating meals three times a day though there are some other countries eating meals just two times a day. Secondly Japanese eats variety of vegetables as American eats. And the third one is Both American and Japanese have own alcohol nice combination with their foods. If you find those kinds of similarities between them you are got rid of the scare for the new food. On the other hand we can see the several differences in foods and the eating ways such as using dishes between America and Japan. In America people eat bread and potato for their staple of food however Japanese eat rice. Besides American drink coffee a lot but Japanese drink green tea more. And if we look at the way of using dishes we can see very interesting differences too. American use fork and knife on the other hand Japanese use chopsticks. Moreover if American holds the plates and bowls in their hands when they eat it is a bad etiquette. In contrast Japanese holds their bowls or small plates when they eat it is a right etiquette for them. Sometimes If the eating habits are relevant to the etiquettes you need to be careful to act right way especially when you eat meals with people. There are so many commons and differences in eating habit between America and Japan such as type of food and the way of eating. After you find both similarities and differences between them you don't feel that the new eating habit is strange to you anymore and you are going to enjoy your meal every day!
