There have been some arguments between photography and painting since camera was made. In fact it's true that there are significant similarities between photo and painting because photo seemed like extreme detailed painting. However photography has still remained an independent type of arts. Lots of artists have accepted photography as an art and hence it means that there are also clear differences which we can easily recognize between them. I prefer to view and take photos due to its special feature compared with paintings. Like I mentioned above there are very close similarities which looks like that they can't separate each other. First of all they both are visual arts in art category. Both arts describe something we can see which means both are based on one of our senses. Therefore these arts can be the ways that is very similar to express what the author thinks. Next they could have same subjects followed by author's purpose. Photographers and painters can decide the subjects with the things around us such as buildings mountains people and sea. Furthermore both need almost same technique to complete work. Actually most techniques for photography have come from painting techniques for example framing combination of colors and proportion of subject. Nowadays both photography and painting affect each other in techniques. Even thought there are a lot of similarities I prefer photography because there are also clear differences that distinguish photography from painting. In terms of tools photography needs a camera lenses and other simple equipment like filters. In addition people in these days don't need films any more to take a picture due to digital technology whereas painting still needs diverse tools such as brush pallet canvas and water. These are too many and heavy to bring every time. Another big difference is producing time. Because of its mechanical factor taking a picture needs only a moment like 1 of 125 seconds. Moreover photographers can catch the unique moment which painters can't draw with this characteristic. However painting requires extremely long time compared to photography. Most importantly painting can change the original shapes and conditions which the real subject have by author whereas photography has the subjects' original forms and conditions especially photo have its real light. As for me emotions that I feel from real things around us are clearer and stronger than painting which changes its original shape. That's why I prefer photography than painting. In conclusion even though both photography and painting are alike in terms of visual art subjects and techniques I'm fascinated by photography's primary feature which makes it different from painting such as tools taking time and preserving subject's original features. In the recent day photography is being evolved with digital technology. Moreover up to date camera which includes latest devices gives us the opportunity to take a picture easily and quickly and it provides us with additional area of photography. Photograph continues evolving and will widen their field with latest technology like human beings. Because of it and differences I will keep being interested in photography.
