Nearly one third of all employees spend at least a few hours a month lamenting about the boss. In my case was alike I had the two similar jobs but I had completely different attitudes about them. At first I wasted a lot of time complaining about my job even thought I liked my tasks and a social environment at work. Finally I decided to change a job and I found a place that I really enjoy every day. I discovered that the secret were the qualities of my new boss. If you are going to start a new job you should be also aware of characteristics of a good boss that make a difference. After I analyzed the similarities and differences between the qualities of my both bosses I at last understood which characteristics make employees happier and more effective at work. At first glance it seems that my both bosses have a lot in common. First of all they have a nice personality. My first boss is as understanding responsible and honest as my last boss. In addition the first boss treats the whole team equally. Likewise the last boss treats fair the entire team. Both my first boss and my last boss don't ignore poor performance and don't accept incompetence of employees. Most importantly both bosses they are good specialists which I admire. My first boss has a strong knowledge about the business and my last boss has too. Both of them represent a high level of the professionalism. A comparison between my first boss and last boss shows some surprising differences that make me aware why I was unhappy at my first job. In terms of personnel management the way of the managing of my last boss is more appreciated by employees. While my first boss never gives workers fair reviews on time my last boss gives regular feedback which contains useful information for an employee and an employer. For Example ones a year he gives information about the performance done through a whole year. Moreover I become conscious and I pay also attention to a quality such as a confident. Unlike my first manager my last boss has a lot of self confident a confident in the business' future and confident in the workers. The good superior has to maintain command spirit among the staff he must be the engine of the business and he must inspire the employees by personal example. Whereas my last boss has all this characteristics the first boss hasn't. The most important factor for me is the ability of boss to support employees in their career growths. My last boss connects not only everyone's priorities and helps individuals understand their contribution to organizational goals but also he listens to what is important to employees as well. In contrast my first boss doesn't have anything of that. While my last boss encourages their employees to grow within their career my first boss concentrates only on his own career and workers feel like doing a job is a treat to him. In conclusion after taking everything into consideration I finally know what kind of qualities of a good boss are important to me. Definite I prefer my last boss. Many people are unaware of their preferred working styles and expectations about a boss. Thus it is up to you to figure them out and take a profit in the future as an employee and maybe as a boss.
