Custom a word has a lot of meaning and aspects. To see the custom between countries you should pivot on two points on general clothes and food. In addition from the clothes you know some people where they from and sometime you recall with people from different countries or make conversation with them about their food. From here I will provide you with some information that I have from my experience about Libya and the US. Both Libya and the US have several differences and similarities in their custom such as clothes food. When you look to the similarities are several some in the clothes and food. First of all suit is kind of formal clothes in Libya and The US as well. When they back for their culture they wear hat. Those hats have a little similarity but the idea for wearing the hat it is similar between those two countries. In The US they like to eat heavy food and Libya as well. Meat is big favorite thing that both of them like it. In Libya the dessert is as good as one at The US. Both Libya and the US they have several things in common. Dissimilarity between Libya and the US are a lot but I will tell you about clothes and food. It is common in Libya to wear Arabic clothes but in the US is common to wear suit and jeans. In Libya they cook rice pasta and some tradition food in the house but in America they don't cook at house like in Libya. They usually buy food or use ready food that sells at the market. Moreover Americans eat salad as main meal but in Libya they eat salad as appended meal. The main meal in Libya is lunch but in the US is dinner. Most importantly the differences are a lot and obvious. In conclusion custom is a ramified ward. In addition any culture has many aspects. I have taken clothes and food because those are clear you can see them easy. Since I have been at the US I notice many similarities and differences but more attractive to me are clothes and food because those are the first things I noticed. Finally Libya has several differences and similarities compare with the US.
