My sister and I Do you think that two people who have several similarities can be completely different My answer is yes. My sister and I have a lot in common but at the same time we are the direct opposite of each other. We have almost the same age and we look rather alike. We grew up together and we were brought up in the same way. However comparing our hobbies aptitudes and character traits I understand why my sister and I are so different. When my sister and I were children we had the same hobbies. We went to the dance studio together we collected postcards and we liked painting and cooking. We also enjoyed listening to music and we even collected sound tracks from movies. On the other hand while liking the same things we actually enjoyed different parts of them. When we danced we preferred different styles of dance and music. Therefore we never performed together. My sister was able to copy various pictures well while I could not do it and did not like it. I remember when we copied illustrations from a book together she painted quickly and faultlessly. I thought that my painting was terrible so I never finished it. Instead of copying I enjoyed creating my own characters. I wrote my own stories and painted my own illustrations. Finally by thirteen my sister did not have this hobby any more. For me it became a profession. Even when we cooked we did never use the same recipes. I can say that our interests are identical as well as different. My mother always told me that my sister and I have similar aptitudes. It is true. We were both good students and completed high school with honors. We both had talent for dance and we both never had talent for music. At the same time I always had an artistic bent. My sister always had a bent for exact sciences. This very important difference of aptitude determined our choices of profession as opposite artist and engineer. At first glance my sister and I have a lot in common in character. We were very shy and obedient children. We liked pets and used to bring cats home from the street. We did not like to be alone and could walk with friends for hours. However unlike me my sister was very disciplined and needed order in all. In addition she always liked to be a leader. I never wanted to be at the head. When we grew up I became more quiet more sentimental and sensitive my sister became more brave and serious. Actually there are differences between our characters more than similarities. My sister agrees with me that we are very different although we have a lot in common. Even if we never had the same friends and even if we never told each other our secrets even if we often did not understand each other and argued for a long time I love my sister very much. Being now so far from my sister I miss her. I think to be different is not too bad. People who are the direct opposite of each other can be the nearest in each other's heart.
