Brad Pitt is one of the most famous actor in the world . For the first time I actually did not like him so much because I did not like the way of many girls from many parts of the world extreamely crazied his appreareance . On the other hand I thinks his appearance is so ordinary ! However since I have seen his crucail role in The curious case of Benjamin Button for 2 moths I have totally changed my mind. He is one of an adorable actor. Our shining star Brad was born in December 18 1963 in Springfield Missouri. He spent his childhood with his parents who always suppported him to see movie anytime he wanted. It inspired him to direct some films in the future. When he was 19 he attended University majoring journalism and spent 5 years studying there. By 1989 Brad had been dreamimg to be the best director and had been writing his script for proposing many stydios. In that year he sent his script to 8 movie studios in LA Sanfransisco and also in New York . Unfortunately instead of being interested in his work a director pushed him to appear in his first movie in 1989 By 1996 Brad had continued his acting career in a lot of films. He had gained much more fames and reputations but there was not any prize for proving his acting potential . Finally in 1996 Brad got his first acting award with prestige. Let's see about his love life. By 1998 although he had had relationships with many actresses and models . ANON_NAME_0 Anister was the woman he wanted like to established a solid family and relationship. They both began dating in 1998 and then got married . It seemed that everything would be happy like the love story . Eventually it was not . Brad and ANON_NAME_0 seperated in January 2005. Although their fans all over the world expected them to get back together it was not successful . Because Brad had been starring with Angelina Jolie in a movie in June 2005 then magazines reported that they were dating! In that year Brad and Jenifer 's divorce finalized . This year Brad Pitt have been acting in many movies and have been living with Angelina Jolie.
