First draft Both computer and television are important media tools. As a conquence the computer always competate to television. They both have their own advantages and charcteristics that's why this two media style exist at the same time. For the convenience the computer is easy to move and could get information within seconds. In contrast the television is always heavy and hard to take the news showed on TV need a program to transport and make. We can infer that computer is more convenient to get news. For the truth the television has more advantages. The television is hold by som ecompanies or government so the TV station should respond for what they said. However the news on the computer always spread without any confirmation which cause riot damages. In addition the television showes us more details like the election we just heard someone had a nice speech in somewhere through the internet. But we can realize the emotion and many details of candidate on TV. Moreover the two tools have big difference in limited. The television has more limited than computer in television you can only watched news in limited time and no limited in computer you can watch what you want in any time even can download it. The two media tools exist with advantages while is other's disadvantages. The difference brings us more options and convenience. Second draft In modern society people are invariably faced with a peoblem that the television and the computer which is the best media tools. Many person the television is more colorful and convnient. However I think the computer is the better tool. Firstly the computer is more convenient. We can see person who take thier laptop everywhere. In contrast we can hardly see anyone walk with a television. The computer is much less heavy than the television and easier to take. You can get the information you want anywhere with the computer. In addition sometime you may miss some information because of busy or other reasons. Of course the TV will not wait for you. But the computer could offer you more convienient sevices as you can check and search. Moreover the computer maintain more potential information than TV. As we know the owner of TV choose what we should watch for us. Everyone must have different habits which mean the project on TV may hide something useful for you. In contrast the computer offer you tons of information which you can choose by yourself. For me I like ttravelling but I can hardly find any information about flight which I can easily find on the Internet. At last compare to the television computer could save more time. When we watch TV we are forced to watch something we don't want to watch such as advertisement. The computer could ignore something bother you. I can't deny that the television has many advantages however I still want to reinforce my point that the computer is more convenient.
