Differences in Eating Habits between Korea and the United States It is easy to find various countries' foods in the United States such as India Italian Korean and so on. We can understand the cultures through these foods. Eating habits can be the one way to understand their culture. The characteristic of food is based on the culture and it reflects eating habits. There are several different eating habits between Korea and the United States such as different tools when they eat the place where people eat and different main carbohydrates. First of all Korean and the US people use different tools when they eat. The Korean people use chopsticks. There is a story about the origin of chopsticks. In ancient times in China people used the chopsticks when they pick up pieces in hot soup. They made the chopsticks by breaking off the tree. It affects Asian culture and Korean people use the chopsticks. Especially in Korea people use the 'steel' chopsticks. Differently the US people use the folk and knife. It comes from the Europe culture. Because of different historical habit Korean and the US people use different tools when they eat. Second Korean and the US people eat food at the different place. In the traditional way Korean people eat food on the table without chairs. Before the western culture came Korean people usually lived on the floor such as eating studying and sleeping. Although Korean people use chairs in many part of life it's common in Korea that people sit on the floor without chairs. On the other hand in the USA people eat food sitting on the chair. The different height of the table is another reason about why they eat food at the different place. Last there are different main carbohydrates between Korea and the USA. In this part we can find the difference with the farming. In Korea farmers have cultivated rice as the main grain. Almost of the Korean dishes are with the rice. However the USA food is explained with variety. In the USA where various cultures coexist the main carbohydrate depends on the origin of people. In conclusion the various foods represent wide range eating habits. There are several different eating habits between Korea and the United States such as different tools when they eat the place where people eat and different main carbohydrates. Through the comparison between each countries' eating habits we can learn their unique and historical culture.
