The Similarities and Differences between US and Saudi Arabian Culture. The culture difference a term that you might hear about frequently means how the customs confessions or actions of a group of people are different from another group. Is there any difference between cultures Do they have something in common Do people in one area act or think differently from other people in a different area When I was a child I could not believe that. I thought all people have the same culture. When I started traveling to different countries I realized that there are some cultural similarities and differences between various cultures. For example US culture and Saudi Arabian culture are not exactly the same. Some of the cultural similarities and differences between US culture and Saudi Arabian culture are related to customs education and even food. First of all some customs in the United States are similar to those in Saudi Arabia but some of them are different. For example both Saudis and U. S. Citizens consider personal privacy as something important. On the other hand being on time in attending formal parties or dinners is different between both cultures. Whereas being late ten minutes is considered as something which happens usually in Saudi Arabia being late for five is considered as a negative point in the United States. In this situation American guests may call to apologize. U. S. Citizens used to go to bed early during weekdays. On the other hand Saudi citizens might go to bed after mid night. So personal privacy is an aspect that both cultures agree about but being on time is one aspect which is different. As for customs education has some similarities and differences between both cultures. U. S. Citizens think that education is a demand to improve their nation and its resources. Likewise the Saudi people have the same perspective about how education is important. However the education methods are different. In the United States the discussion method is dominant. In contrast the students who are studying in Saudi Arabia act as listeners to what the professor says in Saudi Arabia. Even though the perspective about the education and learning is the same in both cultures learning and education styles are different. Finally food also has some similarities and differences. Nowadays fast food became to spread in Saudi Arabia as well as in the United States. However both cultures prefer different tastes and toppings. While the Saudi people like spicy food with minimal toppings the U. S. Citizens like food with less spice and more toppings. Also the eating habits are different between both cultures. Eating with the family is something valuable in Saudi Arabia. In contrast this is not important in the U. S. This shows how food and eating habits could vary between both cultures. Although both Saudi and American cultures have differences in many aspects such as customs education and food some similarities exist in those aspects too. As the different types of media became accessible to everyone and as they exhibit different cultures' values and customs Will the cultural difference diminish by time Will cultures be similar to each others The new generations might be able to answer this question soon by yes.
