To sew clothes or to by it is your choice. Everyone needs cloth. Most often casual clothes are fine and sometimes a formal dress is required. Clothes are an important part of everyone image. Not in vain in many countries there is a proverb Clothes make the man . So everyone who wants to have her his individual style in clothes has a choice to buy ready made clothes or to get clothes made especially for you. Both strategies have advantages. To produce the right effect clothes must be of a right size and have to correspond to peculiarities of your figure. When you make a dress by yourself or order it at workshop you control all the parameters. But if you by a ready made cloth in a shop you get a thing which corresponds to some average figure and which may not fit your body especially if you have nonstandard parameters. On the other hand you do not waste time and can get ready made clothes at a shop very quickly right when you need it. If you order a dress or a suit at a dressmaker you receive clothes that fit your own requirement and not dictated by a mass production. At custom clothes workshop you can choose fabric color and details needed to make good clothes. If you want you can be consulted by fashion advisor about what models would be better for you. As a result you have clothes that underline your individual style and in addition are unique. It sounds like a paradox but sometimes it is much cheaper to order clothes at a custom clothier than to buy a ready made one. If you buy a dress or a skirt at a top brand shop you pay about 50 of the whole price for a brand name and the material and work only cost the other 50 . When you make your special dress at a workshop you only pay for the material and work. But sometimes even this cheaper price looks not so small. Thus by getting clothes made for you you always follow your own unique style are sure that clothes fit your size and are acceptable to the eye and sometimes you save money. My opinion is that if you want to be always at the top dressmaker's workshop is for you. But anyone should make her his own choice.
