New York and Red woods I'm 24 years old this year. 3 Years ago I toured LA for 10days. It is first abroad travel in my life. And then I came to the U. S again last September and I've stayed here for more than 5 months ago. During the past 5 months I visited lots of places in the U. S. Thanks to my host mother I was able to see many attractions. She is a tour enthusiasts like me. Among travel attractions in my mind there are absolutely must see places in the U. S are New York and Redwoods. If you are a tour maniac you should visit them at least once. I will write the similarities and differences between two places in order to offer backpackers information about spectacular sights. At first glance it doesn't seem that New York and Redwoods have a lot in common. However unexpectedly the two places have one thing in common. Definitely both of them are the places where we can see the beauty of marvelous perspective. You are nothing but dirt when you are between numerous high buildings similar to being among the overwhelming big and huge trees. In addition both of them represent the U. S. More than any other place I know. Millions of people from over the world visit New York every day. Likewise Redwoods is crowded with tourists and scientists during a whole day. As you know it is easy to find the differences between two places. In terms of location New York is located in the eastern part of the U. S and Redwoods is located in the western part of the U. S. Besides areas the weather of New York is very different from the weather of Redwoods. Since Redwoods is located in California it is usually warmer than New York. Whereas New York has snowy days Redwoods has rainy days in the winter. That's why almost all trees in the Red Woods are huge and tall like tropical trees. Furthermore the characteristic between two places is totally different. For instance New York can be called the most active city in the world. It is composed of incredible energy and vivid sprits than other cities. In contrast Redwoods can be called one of the overwhelming masterpiece god made. We make ourselves calm and relax by deeply inhaling fresh air there. While you can see manmade masterpieces in New York you can be Adam and Eve who lives in miraculous nature in Redwoods. In conclusion although two places are very different I want to recommend you to go there at least once. If you visit New York you may appreciate artificial beauty. If you visit Redwoods you may appreciate natural beauty. I'm sure that you will not be disappointed you will be satisfied.
