The similarities and differences between me and my brother The similarities and differences between brothers are popular. Although most brothers are similar in most of their life there are some siblings are different in some issues. Even though my brother and I are approximately the same age we are different in choosing friends hobbies as well as personality. The choosing of friends is deemed the most important thing in daily life. For me It is not easy to establish new relationship. On the other word If I am agree to accept someone as friend this will take time for agreement or disagreement. For this reason I am not kind of person woh makes relations with people unless I choose carefully while my brother does not. Most of my friends are the people whom I met in the job or school because I know them very carefully. On the other hand my brother's friends ar usually people out of his work. Thus choosing of friends is still important for me and I am spending much times for that. Hobbies usually depend on the personality or the identity of each person. In my openion hobbies relevant to the nature of person For instance I like challenge hobbies like soccer or even electronic games. However my brother prefers special type of hobbies like barbecue and trips. So it is normally that hobbies are might be something exists in each person from childhood or something that the person could acquire later on. Hobbies grow with each person and might be similar or different from person to another. Dealing and reactions with people reflect the personality of any person. I am always serious with other people and I admit this is disadvantage in some situations. In contrast my brother likes to be very joking with people. Therefore impression of people come from the persons personality. Eventually my brother and I prefer a lot of similar things which is normal like any two brothers. But making the relationship hobbies and personality still the main things that are different between me and my brother.
