Deciding to Attend A school To decide to attend a school in which one can study is very difficult especially if both schools are in the same city. Also teach the same subjects with good teachers. I myself found it very difficult to choose between the ELS English Language School at the Point Park University and the ELI English Language Institute at University of Pittsburgh. While there are some similarities between the two schools there are many differences which can be seen in the facilities and location of each University. About the English Language Institute it is very good Institute in a very famous University. The teachers in this Institute are highly qualified with very good experience in teaching. Also there are many facilities in the Institute such as good comfortable class rooms large number of equipments to help in teaching program. There are many computer labs with PCs and one Mac lab which students can use to improve their language skills. In the University there are many big libraries which contain huge number of books CDs and Journals in all fields. Moreover the location of the ELI in Oakland which is a quit area and there are a lot of restaurants and supermarkets around the University which are very useful for the students. About the ELS at the Point Park University it is also a good Institute with good and qualified teachers and good classrooms with some teaching equipments. Also there is a big library which contains a lot of books and journals and a computer lab which can be used by the students to improve their English language skills. However ELS located in downtown which is the center of the city and it is crowded and vociferous region all the time. But the position of the ELS in downtown can be useful for the student's transportation because the students can use public transportation to reach the University easy. Moreover there are many restaurants around the University which are very useful for the students. There are some similarities between the ELI at the University of Pittsburgh and the ELS in the Point park University like both of them teach English Language and the teachers are qualified in both Institutes. However the teaching programs are different foe example the ELI studying program is for three months courses and the studying schedule starts from 10 00 am to about 4 00 pm and no classes in Wednesdays. But in the ELS the study program is for one month courses and the studying schedule starts from 8 30 am until about 3 30 pm in all week days. Moreover by using the ELI identification card one can ride the public buses for free inside the city and this service is not available for the ELS in Point Park University. In conclusion to choose between two schools is very difficult and may take some time and need a lot of information about both schools. I decide to study in the ELI at the University of Pittsburgh because their facilities are more and the time schedule is very good. In addition I can use the ELI identification card to ride the public buses for free and by this I can save some money to buy books and other things needed in my study. In my opinion choose studying in good school is important and one should think about it but hard working is crucial to get success and to increase one's knowledge because the knowledge is the key of the power.
