When you come to the fork of a road you may think again and again which is better way to get your destination. Like this sometimes people have to make the better choice between similar things. For example I decided to come here Pittsburgh to learn English. This choice was very important and not easy. Thus I tried to compare the University of Pittsburgh with another school the University of California Los Angeles. To be specific I examined two schools having the ELI or ESL course by three references quality price and living environment. The first consideration was the weather because I have to live for one year and I like cool weather better than hot or cold. Thus I just wanted to select the city which does not have long summers or which has a low average temperature. Of the two cities Los Angeles was cooler city than Pittsburgh in summer according to the climate information from the Internet. Furthermore Los Angeles was warmer than Pittsburgh in winter. Therefore I preferred to go to Loa Angeles to live in for one year. The second consideration was the quality of education about English. I selected two language schools University of California Los Angeles and University of Pittsburgh. However I could not know which course had higher quality because they had similar curriculum 20 hours per week 12 16 weeks per semester activities and trips. According to the information from their web site these schools emphasized that they provided a high quality of education and had good reputation. Thus I asked my acquaintances and friends for advice. A person who already had studied the ELI in University of Pittsburgh recommended that University of Pittsburgh could be a better selection between the two schools. The first reason was that this school had a long history in Linguistics studies. The second reason was that this course's reputation ranked the fifth in the U. S. The third consideration was the expense during one year. Actually this factor was the most important because I didn't want to spend much money. This really helped to make a decision because there was a big difference. The total amount of expenditure in Los Angeles was higher than Pittsburgh in Los Angeles I would have needed approximately double the expense in Pittsburgh. In the tuition aspect Pittsburgh is a little more expensive but in living expense Los Angeles was much more expensive. Therefore I could not but choose University of Pittsburgh. As a result this last consideration was the most important thing as to decision where to go. To sum up when I decided on attending ESL I considered two schools University of California Los Angeles and University of Pittsburgh and three aspects such as weather quality of education and expense. After concerning all features prudently I chose this school University of Pittsburgh. Of the three conditions the most important factor of this decision was the expense during one year.
