Nearly one third of all employees spend at least a few hours a month lamenting about their bosses. It was the same in my case I had two similar jobs but I had completely different attitudes about them. At first I wasted a lot of time complaining about my job although I liked my tasks and social environment at work. Finally I decided to change jobs and I found a place that I really enjoyed every day. I discovered that the secret was my new supervisor. If you are going to start a new job you should be also aware of the characteristics of a good boss. That can make a difference. After I analyzed the similarities and differences between the qualities of both my managers at last I understood which characteristics make employees happier and more effective at work. At first glance it seems that both my managers have a lot in common. First of all they have nice personalities. My first boss is as understanding responsible and honest as my most recent boss. In addition the first supervisor treats the whole team equally. Likewise the last supervisor treats the entire team fairly. Both managers don't ignore poor performance and don't accept incompetence from employees. Most importantly both supervisors are good accountants which I admire. My first boss has a strong knowledge about the business and my most recent boss too. Both of them represent a high level of professionalism. If I take another look the comparison between both my managers shows some surprising differences that make me aware of why I was unhappy at my first job. In terms of personnel management more employees appreciated the management style of my most recent boss. While my first boss never gives workers fair reviews on time the other gives regular feedback which contains useful information for an employee and an employer. For example one a year he gives information about the performance throughout the whole year which helps to indentify weaknesses and potentials of employees. Moreover I become more aware and also I pay more attention to qualities such as confidence. Unlike my first manager my most recent manager has a lot of self confidence confidence in the business' future and confidence in the workers. A good superior has to maintain command spirit among the staff he must be the engine of the business and he must inspire the employees by personal example. Whereas my most recent boss has all those characteristics the first boss didn't. The most important factor for me is the ability of my boss to support employees in their career developments. My most recent boss takes care not only of everyone's priorities and helps individuals understand their contribution to organizational goals but also he listens to what is important to employees as well. In contrast my first boss didn't do any of that. While my most recent head of our department encourages the employees to grow within their careers my first head of our department was concentrated only on his own career. He manipulated his employees to make them work overtime without extra money in order to do work for his tasks. In conclusion after taking everything into consideration I finally know what kinds of qualities are important in a good boss. I definitive prefer my most recent boss because of his management style and strong self confidence and particularly because of his ability to support his employees in their individual careers. He understands that the satisfied workers identify with the company and they work more efficient. Many people are unaware of their preferred working styles and expectations about a supervisor. Thus it is up to you to figure them out and take an advantage of this knowledge in the future as an employee and maybe someday as a manager.
