When I had to decide where to learn English there were two available language schools for me to choose one of them. I compared between the ELI and the ELS schools. My choice was based on some important aspects namely teachers facilities and the location of the school when I was going to learn English. I was determined to learn from qualified and helpful teachers. Professional teachers usually have good ways to teaching students. Before I applied for my study I asked some ELI and ELS students about the ways that the teachers use to teach them. For example I asked about the experience that the teachers have and if they use modern teaching methods such as learning by listening or by doing some practice. Then I decided to apply to the ELI because the teachers have a long experience and use modern ways to teaching students. The teachers was very important to me when I had decide where to learn English. The facilities also had a big effective on my decision when I was looking for where to study. I think everybody wants to study in s school that has at least labs and libraries. I chose ELI because it has two computer labs and it is near two big libraries. Also the ELI's ID card encourages me to chose the ELI school because there are many benefits that I get from this card. For example I can ride any bus in Pittsburgh for free and I can use it to visit museums without paying money. On the other hand the ELS school does not have like the ELI facilities. For example there are no benefits from the ELS's ID card. Also this school does not have a big library. I believe that the facilities are very important things in any school one chooses. I was also concerned about the city town were my school would be. I believed that my school had to be in a safe and affordable city. Because I was supposed to be abroad with my wife and children I tended to look for a place where we feel safe and life expenses are not high. In addition the city has a good transportation system shopping centers and hospitals which are very important for me. So I chose the ELI because located in safe and quiet aria also it is near from many hospitals and shopping centers. However the ELS locate in the Pittsburgh downtown which is more expensive traffic jam and noisy aria. To find a good language school is not easy it needs a deep thinking and a long time to choose one because there are a lot of schools in different places. I preferred the ELI to study English I believe that it was success decision.
