Nostalgiain many ways is associated with the memory of the city in which we grew up. Whenever we take great delight in retrieving the most interesting part of our hometown we are de facto suffering from nostalgia and unconsciously comparing different cities. The underlying causes of distinguishing characters between two cities may stem from various perspectives culture architectural style and the everyday life. In the light of this statement Shanghai the city in which I have lived for a long time shares something in common with and also significantly differs from Pittsburgh. The most visual and direct impact that I have experienced when I arrived in Pittsburgh after a 14 hour flight from Shanghai is the city's various architectural styles. It is by no means to say that Shanghai lacks in modern structures there are too many of them. Shinning glasses of high rise widows in the sun glinting light shed from tall buildings at night twisting iron structures emerging on streets are common scenes in this giant city. However once I traveled from one end to the far end of Shanghai crossing the concrete forest I suddenly noticed that the monotonous rhythm of the architectural style almost lulled me to sleep. But traveling in Pittsburgh always brings me unexpected hilarious experiences. Gothic Baroque Classic French styles can be found in different regions. Even the Cathedral of Learning the building in which we study every day has its reputation and is regarded as a national landmark. Aside from those conspicuous buildings it is a jaw dropping fact that when I ride my bicycle in Squirrel Hill for an hour I cannot find any two houses that look the same. Not to mention the beauty of gardens in spring the adorable small animals jumping rabbits in backyards and hidden squirrels in trees. Definitely Pittsburgh deserves its fame of the most livable city of the U. S. Shanghai and Pittsburgh share something in common from a cultural aspect. Both cities have several amazing museums in which multicultural art work is exhibited. The creative imagination that descents from one of Von Gogh's painting which is preserved in Carnegie Museum may slightly differ from his other work exhibited in the History Museum of Shanghai. You can also find famous ancient Chinese artists' work in Pittsburgh's museums. Theatres on the other hand always have wonderful performances in both cities. My recent experience of listening to Lang Lang's concert is a good example to show the cultural similarity between Shanghai and Pittsburgh. Just one year ago I listened to his performance in Shanghai sitting 10 yards away from him. The young pianist played his favorite SCHUBERT's and CHOPIN's sonata 12 months later in Pittsburgh. In this case the only difference for me is I was sitting 20 yards away from him this time. However life in the two cities makes them different from each other. Based on the assumption that everyone owns a car shopping in Pittsburgh is not as easy as in Shanghai. For instance when I told my mother that my wife has spent more than 3 hours on the road for her shopping in Grove City the place which is familiar to Pittsburgh's inhabitants my mother was confused because there are two huge shopping malls just a 10 minute walk from our home in Shanghai. Services in Shanghai from restaurants to sports club are always available. It is even not difficult to find a restaurant at mid night imagine how comfortable you will feel when you are enjoying a bowl of sea food soup after having worked in front of your computer for a long time. The dishes of course can be delivered in 10 minutes if you want them to be delivered to your place. In addition French and Italian restaurants and other countries' cuisine are distributed around the cities as well. There is so much variety that you never have to make do with second best. However Japanese Korean Chinese students often lodge complain about the Japanese Korean and Chinese restaurants in Pittsburgh. Those restaurants to satiate Americans' taste change a lot and seldom provide authentic cuisine. Compared with that of Shanghai the choice in a Pittsburgh's caf
