Happiness defined in Cambridge Advanced Learner's Dictionary is a state of mind or feeling such as contentment satisfaction pleasure or joy. Although it is quite an abstract concept that a variety of philosophical religious psychological and biological approaches have been taken to defining it and identifying its sources we have of course experienced happiness despite that we may just dimly understand its philosophical meaning. The causes of happiness according to individual may be diversified from each other. However achievement in most cases can be the most rational explanation why we feel happy. Happiness is highly associated with the achievement of our hard work. Needless to say the more great success we achieve the more strong happiness we will feel. The most important facet which determines how happy we will be is how difficult the task is. One of my friends a mountaineer who has reached the summit of the Everest always goes into rapture at the mere mention of his trip. He is forever talking about the dangerous unknown cracks beneath the snow the dramatically changing weather in the mountain area the lack of oxygen that impedes his steps towards the acme. I also notice that in his retrospection the spectacular landscape on the crest of peak is mentioned many times. I once argued with him that if his purpose was as simple as to enjoy the view on the top of the mountain he could have saved so much trouble and not have risked his life if he had taken a flight over the mountain. He scorned at my idea. Also he clearly indicates that he would never be happy if the task were so easy to be achieved. In sum happiness is related to achievement as the instance mentioned above. We hold these truths to be self evident that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights that among these are Life Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness written in the Declaration of Independence. Happiness as the most precious part of life is a reward to the person who rolls his sleeves for a hard task.
