Growing Tendency to Marry Later in Japan Marriage is happiness for people. I often heard this set phrase when I was young. However I rarely hear it these days. The sense of value of marriage has been changing with the diversity of the sense of values recently. In Japan while people increasingly do not see advantages of marriage they are gradually finding disadvantages in it. That causes a tendency to marry later or remain unmarried. A survey by the Cabinet Office in 2001 shows the average age for marriage is 29. 0 For men and 27. 2 For women. It is getting higher and higher each year. What is making people hesitate to marry Although there seem to be many reasons some main ones are that marriage may lead to financial constraints and limit activities they want people also do not feel inconvenience without marriage. First people seem to think marriage brings them financial constraints. For example before marriage they can use their salaries as they want to and enjoy entertainment recreation gourmet eating or shopping for luxury. However after marriage they have to think about their lives and families first. Consequently that results in decrease of expense for entertainment. Young generations who are used to a fine life do not want such a constrained life so they sometimes hesitate to marry. That is one of the reasons pushing the average age of marriage higher. As another example of financial constraints people often need to support their families with their salaries after marriage. However it sometimes happens they do not earn enough salaries to support their families. They can easily predict difficulty in the marriage life. Therefore they hold back from it. The family finance issue is one of obstacles to marriage. The next reason is that people do not feel inconvenience without marriage. Unlike in Japan of the past most women can have jobs now. They do not have to be dependent on their husbands for their lives. They can live alone without problems. In contrast men may also not have trouble without marriage because of the development of outsourcing. For example if they need meals there are enormous numbers of restaurants or delis. If they need to have housework done they could ask housemaid services. In the past men and women had particular roles in households. Now however they do not always need to ask their husbands or wives the roles because there are outside services if men want and women can earn their living by themselves. The changes of the roles might diminish the significance of marriage. At the same time people who are appropriate for marriage tend to avoid trouble in married life. Finally another main cause is that marriage can limit activities people want. As I said above many women have jobs nowadays. When they want to keep working marriage seems to become more or less a burden. The reason is that Japanese convention which had started to change a little requires that women do housework and child care because women usually do not have jobs. The custom still remains in the society and has tacitly demanded that women should quit their jobs when they get married. Therefore if a woman needs to continue her job after marriage she has to do all this work housework and child care. Most feel it is hard to balance both work and home. In addition it is common that a household consists of a nuclear family nowadays so that makes married women have a lot of work that they cannot manage well. As a result they hesitate to marry if they want to keep working. Women's lives have become strikingly diverse compared to the past. Their social advancement and improvement in economic power is greatly related to late marriage. Also men seem to feel that they are satisfied with their single lives and can have more spare time and freedom to do whatever they want. They might feel that marriage partly forces them to sacrifice their lives or themselves for their families. Both men and women may think marriage brings restraint on their lives. Late marriage brings other problems in Japan. It leads to a reduced birthrate and it causes aging society and reduced work force and it will reduce tax income to support the elderly. In addition it is said the Japanese population will decline in the near future. It is a spiral of problems. In conclusion the view of marriage has been changing. People already started to think that marriage is not essential for their lives and up to the individuals. There are many singles who are at the right age to get married in Japanese society which gives them a feeling of security of being singles they do not rush to marry. They see some disadvantages in married life such as financial constraints and limitation of activities. Also they do not feel inconvenience without marriage. Late marriage is not only a problem itself but also contributes other social problems. It is a current trend and people may not be able to go back to the past convention. However Japanese society definitely needs to make efforts to solve the problems caused by late marriage and also late marriage itself. For that first people should try to change their views of marriage based on the convention of the past. That might lead to changing the thought of the young generations.
