Nowadays heart disease influence people hat it has become more and more serious issues. However what kind s of alarms will we perhaps get heart disease Cardiologists think of these risk factors are major causes of heart disease. There are many potential factors such as family history high blood pressure and cholesterol levels Diabetes or obesity. There are several major causes of heart disease. First it is family history that you are at a higher risk for developing heart disease if your parents or grandparents have had it. Second it is high blood pressure that causes the heart to work too hard and can damage arteries. Third having high cholesterol level is dangerous because fatty deposits build up in blood vessels. Forth Diabetes can lead to hardening of the arteries and heart attack. Another one is smoking cigarettes that smokers are two or three times more likely to have a heart attack than nonsmokers. However smokers are increasing and that is why heart disease has become a serious problem. In fact all these causes of heart disease are related to each other. There are numerous minor causes of heart disease. First of all having a Type A personality is becoming easily stressed being overly competitive aggressive and intense. What's more having a sedentary lifestyle is not getting enough exercise. For example nowadays we spend a lot of time for working or studying and that is why we do not have enough exercise. Even though we take a rest for a while we usually would like to spend time for sleeping. However it is not great phenomena because our body stops using the excess body fat. Anther point is obese people are extremely overweight and a poor diet which are big problems. Furthermore most of people do not control their diet and just eat what they want therefore their body becomes worse. To sum up heart disease is a horrible disease but we should face this problem. Cardiologist offer a lot of evidence to cause heart disease such as smoking cigarettes family history or obesity and we should make sure we know this helpful information.
