Nowadays many people are concerned about heart disease problems because this disease can make many people really sick and die. Thus we should know the cause of this disease then we can avoid this disease by staying away from the activities or anything that can lead one into this disease. Basically we can classify he cause of heart disease in to 2 groups which are major and minor causes. There are several major causes of heart disease. First the family history of patient's parent or grandparents who have had the heart disease can be the reason for a higher risk for developing heart disease. Secondly as you know the high blood pressure has a potential to cause a heart disease. In addition the fatty deposits that build up in blood vessels can cause the high cholesterol which is the aspect of cause of heart disease. Moreover if one gets diabetes it can lead to the heart disease. Finally smokers have a potential to get a heart disease two or three times more than nonsmoker. Thus smoker can cause the heart disease. There are several minor causes of heart disease. First of all the type A personality which is become easily stressed being overly competitive aggressive and intense can cause a heart disease. Furthermore if one has a sedentary lifestyle that means one doesn't get enough exercise it can cause a heart disease. Finally being extremely overweight and having a poor diet or obesity can be aspect of cause of heart disease. In conclusion as you see there are several major and minor causes of heart diseases. The major causes of heart disease are area family history high blood pressure high cholesterol levels diabetes and smoking cigarettes. However the minor causes of heart disease area having a type A personality having a sedentary lifestyle and obesity. Therefore if you don't want to get this disease you should avoid the activities that can lead you into this disease. Furthermore you should check up your health at least 1 time per year to help you avoid this problem.
