We already knew that every country has many problems. We cannot pick up all problems and their effects. If we did that process we would stay all night for many days. Especially I was Interested in the social problems such as an aging society increasing crime rate and women who does not want to marry. Furthermore I also would like to consider economic problems like unemployment bankrupt companies and distortion of wealth distribution. Therefore I want to focus on the effects of these problems. Social and economic problems have had several important effects on my country. First There are three effects of social problems. For example people started to build more and more hospice hospitals buildings for seniors or the retired because of an aging society. Next we could say that one of the major effects go the social problems is increased crime rate. Third decreasing the number of children is also important social problem. Because many women have more chances to work and become more independent they have thought living alone is better that a marriage. That is why the birth late is too low. On the next stage there are three aspects of economic problems. First of all the most important problem is a growing unemployment rate. Due to the global depression many workers are laid off from their work places. In addition it is too difficult for many young students to get a job. Second many small companies and some of the global corporations are being bankrupt. For example many construction companies were already bankrupt and merged to other corporation. Third as a fundamental problem whereas the rich are getting richer the poor are getting poor. However we should to remember that the world is not just for rich people but for everyone. In conclusion we got to know that there are many effects of social and economic problems in my county. However there are no countries in the world without social and economic problems. I think that the most important thing is realizing what we have to do. It is a problem not of a person but of everyone. We have to cooperate with each other and overcome these problems.
