The Educational System in the KSA and the USA Education is very important in all societies. A lot of governments encourage education. So the educational system varies from country to country. I would like to show you some aspects of the educational systems in my home country the KSA and the USA. I want to point out these systems to realize some advantages and disadvantages of both systems. Moreover I would like to suggest some recommendations to figure out some defects. The educational systems in the KSA and the USA have several things in common on the other hand they have some differences as well. The two systems have a lot in common. They both have a high quality of education. The education is appropriate and suitable for working needs and demands such as medicine and engineering. There are many universities and colleges in the KSA and the USA. Also there are public and private schools in both countries. The KSA educational system applies modern technology in education. Likewise the USA educational system uses modern technology in education. The KSA educational methods are similar to those of the USA. While the two systems have a lot of similarities there are a couple of differences. First of all the duration of education of some fields varies from country to another. For example the duration of studying radiological sciences is four years in the USA while the duration of studying the same science is five and a half years in the KSA. Second there are some specialities and subspecialities that may be available in one country rather than another. To illustrate music dancing decoration are not available in the KSA. In contrast some studies related to Islam are limited in the USA. Whereas the education in the KSA is free there is a tuition fee in the USA. So you have to pay to study in the USA but you don't have to pay to study in the KSA. To sum up there are a couple of similarities and differences between the educational systems of the KSA and the USA. Actually I recommend that some Saudi and American educational experts to meet each other and discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the two systems. They can realize some benefits and experiences from each other. Furthermore they can deal with some defects and insufficiencies to improve their individual systems . Frankly each country has a unique experience so I hope that we can learn more about others' experiences by making comparsions and further research.
