BOGOTA AND PITTSBURGH TWO CITIES CLOSE TO MY HEART. I grew up in a big city called Bogota which is the capital of Colombia a country located in South America. I changed my permanent residency seven months ago when my husband and I decided to come to Pittsburgh and spend one year. My new life in Pittsburgh has brought me many positive experiences and friends and also during this time I have missed some good aspects from my hometown. It does not matter how much time I spent in Bogota and Pittsburgh these cities have played an important role in my life because in both I feel like home. This is the reason why I consider that these cities are similar in many ways but I also think that these cities are very different which makes them unique and irreplaceable in some aspects such as weather and transportation. Bogota and Pittsburgh have many similarities. The first similarity is that these cities are the place where my best friends live with whom I have shared many important events. For example in Bogota I have my school and university friends with whom I spent my adolescence my first job experience and my first years of marriage. In Pittsburgh I got three good friends one from my country and the other two from Chile and Saudi Arabia who have helped me to face the challenges in my new life here and cheered me up when I needed it. Also another similarity is the spots where I can have fun. Pittsburgh and Bogota have a mountain where you can get a better view of the city a wide range of restaurants to have a good time and lovely cinemas to go and watch movies. Pittsburgh has places such as Waterfront or South side and Bogota has places called T zone G zone Unicentro Mall and Santafe Mall. Despite of the fact that Bogota and Pittsburgh have similarities also these cities are different in some aspects. The first aspect is the weather. While Bogota has a cold weather most of the time Pittsburgh has four seasons that last three months each one with different conditions. These climate conditions determine the clothes that people have to wear. When I am in Bogota I should wear warm clothes such as sweater or jacket to protect myself from the cold. In Pittsburgh I have to change my clothes depending on the season ranging from summer clothes for the hot weather such as short pants and swimsuit to warmer clothes for the winter like coats gloves and scarf. Changing clothes according with the season means that some articles of clothing that I used in the past season are not fancy anymore in the following year. In Bogota this does not happen because all the clothes I have are useful all the time. The second difference between Bogota and Pittsburgh is transportation. While Pittsburgh has an organized traffic system which everybody respects and obeys Bogota has disorganized traffic as a consequence of a bad behavior of people who think they can violate the rules. Also Pittsburgh has another positive point over Bogota Pittsburgh has a subway and Bogota does not. However Bogota has an advantage over Pittsburgh because there you can find cheap cabs easily. Pittsburgh does not have many cabs running on the street and are very expensive. The cost of a ride cap in Bogota 20 is the third of the cost in Pittsburgh 60 . In conclusion Bogota and Pittsburgh are similar and different in many ways. Despite the fact that each city has many advantages and disadvantages over the other one both cities have brought to me many good time and friends. Also I have spent good times in both cities and that is why two places are in the bottom of my heart. If I have to choose one city my favorite would be Bogota. The reason of my decision is that I belong to the city where I grew up. I am Colombian and my identity is in Bogota.
