There have been some arguments between photography and painting since the camera was created. In fact it's true that there are significant similarities between photos and paintings because photo seems like high detailed paintings. However photography has still remained an independent type of art. Lots of artists have accepted photography as an art. Moreover I felt something that I don't understand when I saw paintings and those didn't give me impression. Therefore I started to be interested in photography and now I prefer to view and take photos due to their unique features when compared with paintings. As I mentioned above there are very close similarities which looks like that they can't separate each other. First of all they both are visual arts in art category. Both illustrate something we can see which means both are based on our senses. Therefore these arts can be the method to describe what thoughts the authors have. Next they can have the same subjects followed by author's purpose. Photographers and painters can select the subjects with the things around us such as buildings mountains the sea and even people. Furthermore both require almost the same technique to complete work. Actually most techniques for photography have come from painting techniques for example framing combination of colors and proportion of subject. Nowadays both photography and painting affect each others' techniques. Even though there are a lot of similarities I prefer photography because there are also clear differences that distinguish photography from painting. In terms of tools photography needs a camera lenses and other simple equipment like filters. In addition these days we don't need films any more to take a picture due to digital technology whereas painting still needs diverse tools such as a brush pallet canvas and water. These are too many and heavy to bring every time. Another big difference is the time to produce one work. Because of its mechanical factor taking a picture needs only a moment like one and one hundred twenty fifth second. Moreover photographers can catch a unique moment which painters can't capture with this characteristic. However painting requires an extremely long time compared to photography. Most importantly painting can change the original shape and condition of the real subject whereas photography has the subjects' original forms and conditions because camera takes its real light. As for me emotions that I feel from real things around us are clearer and stronger than from painting which change original shapes. In conclusion even though both photography and painting are alike in terms of visual art subjects and techniques I'm fascinated by photography's primary features simpler tools a shorter production time and being able to preserve a subject's original features make photography different from painting. In the recent days photography has been evolving with digital technology. Moreover an up to date camera which includes the latest devices gives us the opportunity to take a picture easily and quickly and it provides us with diversity of photography which means photographers can try to take new style photos with new technology. Because of its differences I will remain interested in photography.
