These days people in all countries can keep in touch with each other online as long as they have a type of services to hook up with their computers. This service is the internet. According to its development the community of nations is often called a global village which indicates a united world because national boundaries have been destroyed by developing communication technology. Since the internet was invented our society has been changed rapidly. However the change has brought about two different results. In positive way our life is getting more and more convenient but in negative way online crimes which are not easy to deal with have been created. The invention of the internet allowed us to take part in the environment of unlimited time and place. For example systems of checking accounts are proceeding on the basis of the internet. Thus to check them we do not have to go to the bank directly anymore. Instead of that if we access the website of the bank through the internet we will see the state of our accounts whenever and wherever we want. Otherwise we have to visit the bank according to the business hours and it might be inconvenient. In addition college scheduling systems are being created based on the internet. Since the process of scheduling was changed into a system founded the internet many students have been able to schedule simultaneously. As a result it is not necessary for them to wait for a long time to resister their schedules at a school office. On the other hand after the appearance of the internet online crimes sprang from it due to its convenience. First of all nowadays we very often surf and save a great deal of information online. However because the internet is being used all over the world we need to use the information carefully and protect our information securely. People sometimes steal or lose their ideas or information through the internet intentionally or unintentionally. For example when I was in my first year in college I bought a skirt at online shopping mall. To pay for it I used my credit card. Unfortunately my personal information was misplaced at that time. After a month I got my bill which was charged more than I spent. I noticed that somebody had used my credit card. Actually the crimes on the internet are not visible so it is difficult to find the criminals. Although new types of crimes were created online we cannot avoid using the internet because it has already become a part of our life. In addition it is providing benefits to us. For example the internet created new types of jobs so people could have many opportunities to work online. Sometimes the disabled can work in an online environment because it does not require many movements to conduct their tasks. Consequently if we use the internet effectively and try to keep it securely it will be a much more useful tool for us.
