During my entire life so far I lived in my home country Saudi Arabia. Two month ago I moved to live in Pittsburgh in the USA. In the beginning I was so excited about living in the USA and trying a different life style than what I was used to a life full of freedom and independency. Now after I have been her for almost a tow months. I realized that both lifestyles have their own advantages and disadvantages. The biggest difference that I experience from living in the USA is the method of transportation I am using. Since I arrived I am using the public transportation the bus which I never used before in my life. In my country I had my own driver that drives me around wherever I want to go. In contrast now I have to walk to the bus station and wait for it to arrive under a cold chilly weather. And sometime I may miss the bus or the bus may arrive late. Another disadvantage about living in the USA is that I have to do everything alone by myself. I have to do my house holds myself. Whereas in my country I was mainly depending on my family I have house helper that helps in doing home duties. In addition now I have to take care of all my bells payments where back home my family would support me as well with my bells. On the other hand despite the disadvantages that I mentioned there are a lot of advantages from living in USA such as being expose to other cultures improve my English language and being able to drive a car which I can't do in my country. Also I have the opportunity to travel around and see a variety of exciting tourist attraction places and museums putting in mined the great variety of shopping that I adore so much. Although I missed my friends who lives in Saudi Arabia but by living in the USA I was able to meet new people and make new friends from different countries around the world. These friendships opened my vision to a more broad prospective and enable me to see things from different point of view. Finally living in both countries have their own advantage and disadvantage. In general I enjoy both experiences. Being in my country I have my family around to support me and being in the USA I became more independent. Now I am starting to adapt to the lifestyle in the USA which I enjoy a lot. My biggest fear is that I may find it difficult to adjust to my old way of living in my country.
