Custom a word that has a lot of meanings and a lot of aspects. When you see some people you know them from their clothing which country they from. Sometimes you recall with people from different countries their food or make conversation with them about the food that you tried from their countries. For example you tell them about your experience with some food you ate from their country is delicious or you describe a food that you ate how it looks like. From here I will provide you with some information that I have from my experience about Libya and the US. Libya and the US have several differences but also have several similarities in their customs such as in clothing and food. At first glance it looks there are several similarities in clothing and food. First of all a suit is a kind of formal clothes in Libya and The US as well. They wear hats when they commemorate with something especial connected with their culture. Those hats have a little similarity but the idea for wearing the hat is similar between the two countries. In the US they like to eat heavy food as in Libya as well. Meat is a big favorite. In Libya the dessert is as good as that of the US. As you can see Libya and the US have several things in common in there areas. Secondly the differences between Libya and the US are many but I will focus on clothes and food. It is common in Libya to wear Arabic Dress but in the US it is common to wear a suit or jeans. In Libya they cook rice pasta and some traditional food in mostly at home but in America they don't cook at home like in Libya. They usually go out or eat prepared food that is sold at the market. Moreover Americans eat salad as a main meal but in Libya they eat salad as an addition to the meal. The main meal in Libya is lunch but in the US is dinner. The differences are many and are quite. In conclusion custom is different from culture to culture and country to country. In addition culture has many aspects. I have taken clothing and food because these are clear and you can see them easier. Since I have been in the US I have noticed several similarities and many differences. Finally you should travel to different countries to see different culture and to have good experience in your life.
