Eating habits is the one of the biggest aspects relevant to culture. Sometimes it is very interesting to know about the new foods and new eating habits when you travel to other countries. On the other hand once you start to live in a new country you need to become accustomed to the new culture as soon as you arrive there. At that time you may face some confusion especially from the eating habits because you are not familiar with this culture and its foods. And sometimes it causes you some stress. To start your new life smoothly and have less culture shock it is very important to know beforehand the differences between your culture and the new culture. Here is an example of a comparison in eating habits between the United States of America and Japan. At first we can focus on many similarities between American habits and Japanese habits. For example both of them have a custom of habit eating meals three times a day though there are some other countries that eat meals just two times a day. Also Japanese eat a variety of vegetables juts as Americans eat. Besides both American and Japanese cultures combine alcohol with their foods. If you notice those kinds of similarities you might not be so scared of the new food. On the other hand we can see several differences in foods and eating etiquette between the American and Japanese cultures. In America people eat bread and potatoes for their staple foods however Japanese eat rice. Besides this Americans drink coffee a lot but Japanese drink green tea more. Moreover if we look at the way of using dishes we can see very interesting differences too. Americans use a fork and knife on the other hand Japanese use chopsticks. Moreover if Americans hold the plates and bowls in their hands when they eat it is bad etiquette. In contrast Japanese holds their bowls or small plates when they eat and it is right. Sometimes eating habits are relevant to the etiquette and you need to be careful to act the right way especially when you eat meals with people. There are so many similarities and differences in eating habits between America and Japan such as types of food and the way of eating. After you notice both the similarities and the differences between them you don't feel that the new culture is so strange to you anymore and you can enjoy your meals every day!
