I remember the beautiful place where I spent every summer with my family when I was a child. The place called Uspenka located in a pine forest on the high bank of a wide Siberian river. In order to reach this place we traveled by ship that was very exciting for me. In the forest there were several small wood houses where people lived a clubhouse where people could watch movies have meetings or do some exercise a dinning hall and a sauna. Usually there were many children with whom I and my sisters played and whose families came to this place every summer. We spent all day on the beach. I liked to fish with my father who had a passion for fishing and did it very well. Sometimes we went pick up mushrooms and berries in the wood. The nature around this place which I will remember for ever was amazing! In the neighboring village where people usually went to buy food there was a small waterfall which surrounded the rocks. It was quiet and a charming place. In the hot days we loved to bathe in the waterfall where the water was frozen. Every evening we got together around the fire which we made in the forest next to the riverside. There were a lot of my friends whom we sang played guitar and laughed with. Or we just were silent and listened to crackling of the fire and enjoyed the beauty of the night sky which was covered with stars. One of the most exciting things that all people were looking for was to go to the high river's bank to watch the sunset. Even the people whose houses located very far from the riverside every evening came to the bank. This place had a wonderful view to the river which was especially spectacular in the time of sunset! Everybody who went to this place could not forget it. I often dream to comeback to Uspenka where I spent unforgettable days of my childhood. Subject adj clauses 2 the person who came object adj clauses 2 the person whom I spoke to possessive adj clauses 2 the person whose home I visited where when adj clauses 7 the place where I grew up
