My Favorite Restaurants Which types of restaurants do you like Some people like eastern restaurants others western restaurants. In my family's case we like both of them. However especially my husband and my son have a tendency to prefer to western restaurants such as 'Outback' or 'TGIF' than eastern restaurants such as 'Korean garden' or 'Oishi'. On the contrary I have a tendency to prefer to eastern restaurants than western restaurants. There are some similarities and differences between eastern restaurants and western restaurants. First I want to write about food. Both are a lot of delicious and various foods such as meat dishes fish dishes and plates of vegetables. Do you like meat dishes or a plate of vegetables In my case if I want to eat a meat dish I will go to a western restaurant where the meat melts in my mouth. Besides there are lots of delicious meat dishes such as barbeque rib or New York strips. On the contrary if I want to eat a plate of vegetables I will go to an eastern restaurant. There are lots of excellent vegetable dishes for example boiled rice with assorted mixtures Bibim bab or rice rolled in dried layer with vegetables kim bab . In addition if you go there you can see new food and experience new taste you did not see and taste as like gal bi bul go gi or soy bean soup. And other difference is the western foods are saltier and sweeter than the eastern foods. Second there are similarities and differences with eastern and western restaurants in the environment aspect. Both of them are clean they have their unique features and the employees are kind. However the differences are to order and have a seat to communicate and convenient facilities. First I have to order before I have a seat in the eastern restaurants but I have a seat and I order in the western restaurants. Next to communicate is different. In the eastern restaurant I feel more comfortable because it is possible to speak Korean. In addition I can joke with the owner. I cannot imagine that at other restaurants. However in the western restaurant I have to practice how to pronounce the name of food before ordering. How silly it is! Last the difference is the convenient facilities such as restroom and the size of restaurants. The western restaurants are more convenient at using restroom and the space is bigger than the eastern restaurants'. Last the tipping culture is distinguished. You do not have to pay a tip at the eastern restaurants. Whether you pay the tip or not it is entirely up to you. However you have to pay a tip about 15 20 of your dish at the western restaurants. I went there the first time I did not feel well and I did not tip the waiter. By that time I am not good at giving a tip. When I was in my country South Korea tipping culture is not popular. Giving a tip is completely up to you. However it is expected in the US and Western countries. In conclusion both of them are a lot of tasty and various foods and they have good environments. However there are also differences such as restroom inner size taste communication and a tip. Nevertheless I hope you can enjoy both of them.
