THE EFFECTS OF POVERTY Poverty is one of the major problems that many countries around the world are facing today. Maybe poverty is considered one of the most important challenges for our generation and as consequence many governments and non profit organizations are working together to eliminate it. The importance of eliminating poverty is that it affects many aspects of the human life such as education standard of living and job quality. Between all these consequences in my opinion the most important effect of poverty is not having access to education. Education is considered a human right but in the case of poor people education can be a luxury. In poor families all the members are working in any kind of activity such us selling candies on the streets or helping the parents to grow the crop to get money for covering some essential expenses like buying the food for everyday or collecting the money for paying the rent. Because the children who work on the streets or help on the crop are considered a source of money the parents do not allow them to attend school which generates a lack of education. As a consequence of that poor people often get low quality jobs jobs which anyone can do and that do not need any special knowledge so usually these jobs are also low paying. These low paid jobs do not allow poor people to get out from the poverty and make their children to repeat the story. Poverty is one of the most important challenges that the world faces nowadays because its consequences can be seen in many aspects of the future generations such as education and quality of jobs. Recognizing that the people's life and welfare affect the countries' destiny eliminating poverty becomes a priority. To be successful in this task one solution may be to ensure access to education for poor people giving them the tools to get a better paid jobs which allow them to improve the standard of living or their family and decrease the possibility that their children experience the same situation.
