Everywhere in the world have different style and environments. My hometown is Bangkok where is the capital and largest city in Thailand. Almost 6 months that I have moved from my hometown to Pittsburgh which is located in the Pennsylvania state America. There are couple differences between Bangkok and Pittsburgh which are Public transportations and living environments but there also have something in common such as entertainment activities. Public transportations in Bangkok are difference from Pittsburgh. Bangkok has many kinds of public transportations which are bus sky train subway river Taxis Taxis motorcycle Taxis and Tuk Tuk A car that has 3 wheels . In contrast Pittsburgh has only bus short path subway in downtown and Taxi. Taxi service in Bangkok is very easy to find because the taxi drive around the city and I can call for service too difference from Pittsburgh I have to call only if I need to use a taxi service. Moreover A bus system in Bangkok is not good as in Pittsburgh. Bangkok didn't have bus schedule so I couldn't known exactly time of the bus. Because of Bangkok is the capital city living environments are quite difference from Pittsburgh. Most of people in Bangkok have a hurry life. Bangkok is crowded city traffic jam all day especially in rush hours sometime I spent more than 3 hours on the street. Bangkok has air pollution problem because many cars and lack of trees in the city. On the other hand Pittsburgh has a very good atmosphere doesn't have traffic problem and also has a lot of trees and park around the city. In a similar way both of Bangkok and Pittsburgh have the same entertainment activities. For instance In Pittsburgh has many nightclubs along the street at Southside same as at Ekamai Street in Bangkok. On Friday and Saturday night most people hang out at a nightclub. In addition both of them have a karaoke a bowling a pool bar and the theater. Whether I lives in Bangkok or Pittsburgh I have a lot of activities for relax. In conclusion where as Bangkok and Pittsburgh are differences in public transportation systems and living environments I think both Bangkok and Pittsburgh have similar entertainment activities. In my opinion I prefer to live to Bangkok because it is my hometown and I feel Bangkok is more convenience than Pittsburgh but Pittsburgh is also a good place for study because it surrounds by good environments.
