The Similarities and the Differences between Zawia and Pittsburgh By ANON_NAME_0 S. Last Name There are many similarities and differences between my hometown Zawi and Pittsburg. Every place in the world has characteristics which distinguish it from other places. Since everybody likes his country the individual when he leaves his hometown always feels homesick. My country always is located in my heart and it doesn't leave my imagination. Therefore I sometimes compare between Zawia and Pittsburg and try to find many things which remind me my country. There are many things in Pittsburgh that are similar to my hometown. Pittsburgh spreads out on a big area of land and it is not crowded. The streets are wide and clean and there are lots of trees and gardens. The people are very friendly and sociable as well as the people in my country. Downtown Pittsburgh also is similar to my hometown because it was designed in a simple way. Therefore you will not lose your way while you are traveling through it. Thus the drive is very easy the individual can drive his car without getting tense and nervous in both Pittsburgh and Zawia. There are lots of bridges in both Zawia and Pittsburgh which make all parts of town very accessible. As there are similarities between Zawia and Pittsburg there are also differences. The buildings are not as tall in my hometown as they are in Pittsburgh because of the ways in which they were built. The buildings in Pittsburgh look very high and they include very many floors more than 50 floors. On the other hand the buildings in Zawia include maximum 10 floors. Also the flats and the houses in Zawia are wider than those in Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh is considered a mountainous city but my hometown is a flat city and this means that there are no hills or mountains in Zawia. In contrast the weather of my hometown looks like weather of the desert it is hot and dry in the summer and cold and a little rainy in the winter but the weather of Pittsburgh is very cold and rainy in the winter and it is also snowy. The temperature is considered in the summer much lower in Pittsburg than in Zawia. The most important characteristic which distinguishes my hometown from Pittsburgh is that Zawia is an agricultural city. People there depend on agriculture. They grow the fruits like for example orange trees date trees olive trees apple trees and vegetables. On the other hand there is no agriculture in Pittsburgh. My hometown is located on the Mediterranean sea which make it depend on fishing but Pittsburgh depends on fishing from the rivers. The industry in Pittsburgh is more developed than in my hometown because of availability of the raw materials in Pittsburgh and because of natural resources like steel. In conclusion there are many features in Pittsburgh similar to those in my hometown which makes me remember my country especially the friendly people. On the other hand there are lots of differences between Zawia and Pittsburgh which surprise me and I have to try to deal with them for example the weather.
