Comparison and Contrast between ELI and ELS Differences and similarities are not just in letters between the ELI and the ELS which offer English language classes for foreign students and both institutes are in Pittsburgh. Before I come to the ELI I had been studying in ELS for three months. Through my studying in both institutes I have found some similarities and differences between the ELS and ELI such as instructors facilities and ambiance. First of all both ELS and ELI have high quality instructors who are very friendly and flexible . They have a strong will to help and teach their students. In spite of these similarities there are some differences that lie in the experiences of instructors and way of dealing with students. The ELI has instructors who have a wide experience for dealing with academic students because the ELI has been founded to prepare students for an academic life. On the other hand most ELS instructors lack experience because of two reasons the first reason is that the majority of instructors have just graduated and the second reason is that the ELS is not only for academic students but also for tourists. As a consequence of this latter reason it is difficult to make a program that is appropriate for both academic students tourists. In addition the ELS depends almost solely on tourists so its instructors feel that their job are insecure. Therefore when they have experience or find a chance to teach in another institute they may abandon their jobs. Second point is facilities that are provided in institutes or universities. Both The ELI and ELS have some facilities for their students such as student services and some programs that help students to acquire language skills for example activities that students anticipate in either in institutes or outside them. As a result of the fact that the ELI is working under the umbrella of the University of Pittsburgh ELI students can use all facilities that are offered to University' students such as computer labs and service centers. For example the ELI offers nine hundred papers for a student every semester for printing a conversation partner who is a native speaker and bus ticket that is free. In contrast the ELS is a private institute and it has few and simple facilities. Last although both institutes are located within two universities the ELI has a campus that makes ELI students meet and talk to native speakers who are studying in the university. On the other hand the ELS does not have a campus because ELS is located downtown and it has only four classrooms even though they are very spacious. A campus creates a right atmosphere for students and helps students to try some materials which they learned with native speakers. This atmosphere makes students frequent the academic life . Appropriate ambiance helps students to get the best results. Although there are some similarities between both ELI and ELS the differences made me make my decision to transfer from the ELS to the ELI. Even though I had a good time in the ELS I feel that I took the right decision because the advantages in the ELI overcome disadvantages. For example ELI has a lot of facilities instructors who have a long experience with academic students and the campus that helps me to talk to many native speakers compared with the ELS.
