Global Warming These days many places suffer from abnormal and strange climate. This condition affects to change human life and also other species. However many people don't realize how much the problem influences. We always use many because it's very convenience. To make these products valuable trees are cut. It occurs lots of trashes to burn. These factors are increasing the temperature of the earth. In summer we use air conditioner to cool down the room but we use it too much that temperature of the inside is lower than average. The air conditioner uses Freon gas which is harmful for the Ozone layer. If the Ozone layer is destroyed the temperature is deservedly increased. And people suffer their skin from it. If this situation continues people are threatened their life. The global warming affect to the height of the sea and the life of animals lived in the sea. It means that the area of land become smaller and we lose and are confused about the resource of the sea. For the better life we should try to stop this situation. The three most commonly proposed solutions to the global warming are protecting the area where trees grow protecting the Ozone layer and making regulations for burning. The first solution is protecting the area where trees grow. People use many products made with tree. The amount of usage is huge. Every day we use a disposable product. This amount of used disposable products cannot be disregarded. It's the way to save trees. For example in Japan there are so many people who use chopsticks just one time and throw it away. So people start a campaign. To prevent throwing away the disposable chopsticks people bring their own chopsticks every day. Planting tree is also the way to protect the area where trees grow. It's necessary to use products made of wood. In Korea the government established the day of tree planting. Although operant participation is better this government's action is also helpful to solve the problem. Another solution to the global warming is to protect the Ozone layer. As many people already know Freon gas threatens the Ozone layer. In summer we often use the air conditioner. Generally when we turn on the air conditioner we control the temperature much cooler. It releases much Freon gas. To set up the average temperature is helpful to reduce the amount of Freon gas. The various kinds of spray also use the Freon gas. For this situation to find an alternative is more efficient than to reduce the usage. Last solution to the global warming is to make regulations for burning. Becoming industrialization every chimney makes smoke and many countries achieve remarkable development. However they think only of the development and cannot be aware of the environment. They discharge much pollutant that influence to the air pollution. Although many countries have already concluded the agreement for this situation there need much powerful regulations. The factor of industry aside there are many things in daily life. As I mentioned above the trash is serious problem. According to the amount of discharged trash increases the burning trash is also increased. To reduce the disposable products and to revitalize the recycling is one way to reduce the trash. It affects to decrease the pollutant. Global warming is very serious problem that affects on our life. To solve the global warming there are solutions such as protecting the area where trees grow protecting the Ozone layer and making regulations for burning. If we care our environment the situation is becoming better.
