Topic The solutions about criminal With the development of the society people are invariably faced with a serious social problem that the number of murder is sharply increased. Like in Chicago city murder even happens everyday especially in 1990s. There are three solutions to help reduce the murder which are strengthen the police force made strict laws and make the parents more educated. Firstly the government could spend more money strengthen the then police force. Once policeman increased the criminates will have less chance to break the laws. As Chicago government did when they increase the number of policeman the murder rate sharply decreased. From that we can indicate that strengthen the police force is a way to control the murder. However the researcher found that the murder rate around the Chicago increased a lot since Chicago city increased the policeman. So we can identify that the number of criminal person didn't reduced they just find another place to rob steal and murder. Moreover we also can try to make more strict laws. In 1990s. The number of murder is twice as the number of past five years. In order to deal with it the government made the law more restrict and the congress ion passed the laws. But the result is not as what we thought the murder rate still keep going up. It is obvious that the way of making more strict law is not effective. At last expert of criminal find the best way which is make the parents more educated. Researcher found that most of the person who kill others are from poor area and never receive good education. Most of this person are live without parents since they were child or they parents divorced. The main reason which contributes them to kill others is they are never taken care by others and they don't care other's life. They just struggle to survive they rob and murder for live. The expert thought if they parents are well educated they will receive more optimistic education and find a better job. The research also expressed that the woman who born children after 30 their children are more successful because the parents may more mature and well prepared to educate their children which provide the parents' education background will affect the criminal rate indirectly but seriously. From what I mentioned above we can figure out several ways to deal with the criminal. I want to reinforce that made person more educated is the most efficient way. If our government spends more in building and improving our educational system the society will be more harmony.
