Stress at work or school There are a hot debate about stress online recently . Yes stress is a big problem in the society now. It comes from the school the company and so on. In order to get a good job and make more money . Therefore everyone might have stess However itdiffierent people have different stress. Has someone didn't have stress maybe not. So we need some methods to solve this problem . There are several opinions to help you reduce the stress at work or school. Firstly communicate is so important ! You should find someone to tell he she your stress don't face up with all the things just by yourself. For example if you feel upset about the mass of work you should tell your friend and let he she knows . Then he she will help you to solve the problems . Meanwhile. Sometimes if we say something out it will makes us more comfortable . Thus communicate with others is a good way to against strss! Secondly keep your interested habits . Such as if you like playing pinao you should keep going . Sometimes you feel hopeless you can play a pinao to let yourself more relax . It's really a good way . You should have a try . Not only play pinao but also have other alternative choice include painting singing and something else . So to continune your habits might be a wise way to decrease the stress. Lastly go to more activities might be useful for us. For instance if someone in the strss for a long time . It will hurt for him her health . So go outside to watch a movie or attend a party perhaps it's a good choice . Do not let yourself nervous all the time . We should breath the fresh air . Go hiking or traveling is a recommand advise . Therefore join in with more activities it's such a good solve way! As we know we can't let the stress not exist in the world . However we can do something to reduce the stress . Go outside to have a fun talk to someone and continued your habits it's good for us to make our feel more bett7er and relax about the stress . Do you want to have a try
