Getting People to Recycle Everyone knows that many of the Earth's resources can not renewable and will eventually run out. At the same time some of resource could be recycle. In order for us and our offspring's life it is time to conserve and recycle these resources as possible as we can. A lot of materials can be recycled in our earth. How about you think this problem I know that is a big problem in the word. There are many materials can be recycle in the world. For example mental water paper and so on. Now let me introduce some suggestions that can get people to recycle. At first I want to talk about metal recycle. That is invaluable resource. And its form is very complex. Numerous good products need metal. For example Aluminum metal recycle is a very important part of any family and community recycling program. Aluminum metal recycle is one of the easiest things you can do to help the environment. Many factories can recycle metal from used TV cell phone and computer so on. If these used products can be recycled and the factories are enough the problem can be done well to some extent. Second our life can not continue without water. But the water resource can be used out if we could not recycle it. Recycled water can satisfy most water demands as long as it is adequately treated to ensure water quality appropriate for the use. How can we get water resource to be recycled Ocean vaporizes water into sky then the water fall into lake or river by rain last it inflow Ocean again. It is the water recycles in nature. We know that we need to rely on freshwater. So we could not pollute the lake or river in the world. An alternative method is to recycle our used freshwater. If there is a day in the future we can make sea water into freshwater. The problem can be solved thoroughly Thirdit is related to paper as we known maybe we couldn't imagine how much papers will be consumed in the world and in a second nobody couldn't imagine that's second consume of paper means how many trees down and how much dangerous factors will influence environment. But all of us knew it is not so difficult to recycle papers we only need do two things one is separate used paper from other rubbish and another is place it in recycle box. Questions are whether everyone is so patience that he or she could separate all of used paper. There are many other materials that could be recycled in the world. Weather it is can be done well it is responsible for everyone to think about and take action. If we can get them to recycle we could save many nature resources. For example could you pick up each used envelop and each ad you read If you can do it could you place them recycle box every time So do it your best.
