It was as reported that in his or her lifetime the average American born in the 1990s will wear and throw away 115 pairs of shoes and boots throw away 275 ooo newspapers about seven trees a year create over 110 000 pounds of trash use 88 100 gallons of water every day. Were the boots the trash the newspaper which were throw away really useless The things above seem the most wasteful. It's terrible to infer the waste which are thrown away by the thousands and millions people in the world from the rate of one person. So it's important and necessary to get people to recycle. It is well know that recycling can reduce waste conserve environment. But people are often reluctant to do recycling. What ideas do we have about getting people to recycle The three solutions which can be proposed are to help young generation form the conception of recycling to improve whole society conservation efforts and to set up funds for featuring in advanced recycling technique. The first solution is to help young generation form the conception of recycling. Young people are easy to convince to get advantageous habit. According to the feature the school which is from pre school to high school should set up course of conservation to have students learn the knowledge about recycling to teach them how to recycle and how to converse our environment and at last to get them form the conception of recycling during their growing up. Once the young generation forms the conception they will vie everything from a recycling perspective. These will be power force to meet our society now and future needs. For example a twelve year old boy who was reported on TV news time designed a set of equipment for recycling used water to flush his home toilet. This is a good example about the effect of recycling education to the young people. The second solution is to improve whole society conservation efforts. In the world most of people know why we need to conserve our environment but they often neglect their efforts and don't see the seriousness of conversation now. So they are reluctant to recycle a piece of newspaper a pair of shoes etc. It's evident to improve whole society conservation efforts and to have the recognition about recycling are more necessary. For example shops should make guests reuse the plastic bags media should do publicity work to change people's attitudes to the recycling. The finally solution is to set up funds for featuring in advanced recycling technique. It's easy to say the word recycling or to recycle . How do the people conveniently recycle the used things and efficiently reuse them It's complex for people. Government should set up funds to encourage and reward engineer and scientist to find the method to help people recreate fantastic useful product via the recycling things. These will cause people to do recycling in more easy ways. There is no doubt the three solutions are all good ways for getting people to recycle. If you try our best the environment surround us will be better than now.
