Illiteracy Illiteracy is one of the dilemmas which the world is struggling with. It is defined as often people cannot read and write. For example in the Unite States one third of adults are functionally illiterates. In order to solve that problem over the countries the government must provide special schools for illiterate people. Moreover allocating a frequently salary for each student. Furthermore circulate the awareness about the hazards of the illiteracy through the different media. First the government must provide special schools with their complete facilities. For example they have to post qualified teachers who have effective methods to convey the notions easily to the illiterate people. Moreover learning them how can they use the computer and make it a mandatory to use as well. However specify three days a week for attending classes to prevent them to get bored. Second the government must impose the media to circulate the awareness of the illiteracy impacts on the societies. For instance free press has the important role to circulate the illiteracy and the aggravated hazards of it by using the beneficial advertisements. Thus it will encourage the audiences in participating and in avoid their societies from this problem. Finally the government must allocate a constantly salary for the illiterate people who just attend the school and providing a bonus for the student whose evaluation is good. Consequently it will eager them to attend the classes and getting the benefits which the government want them to do. All of all we can derive from aforementioned that there are three potent solutions to prevent the illiteracy. Fore example the government has to create special schools using the media to spread out the illiteracy problems and stimulate the illiterate people by giving them a financial aids every month. In my opinion if the governments follow up the three suggestions which are mentioned the illiteracy will be eliminated and the societies will be more secure and culture ones.
