Nowadays doing recycle is becoming a serious issue because one day many of the earth's resources will run out. Therefore we should try our best to conserve natural materials and recycle them. However how can we encourage ourselves to do recycle and influence each other There are three points presented as followed. First the government has to educate people to do recycle because some people do not have enough knowledge about recycling. For example the school's teachers should teach children how to classify the trash according to different materials such as plastic glass and paper at school. In addition the communities and companies also have responsibility for educating and giving information about recycling to their citizens and employees Therefore people learn why we should do recycle to protect our resources and how to do it I believe many people are willing to take care of our earth. Second the government encourages people to do recycle thus they have to give people some rewards to praise them. For instance in Taiwan our government urges that we should classify the trash and recycle. Moreover our government gives some rewards of cheer to people who do recycle such as furniture food or money. In fact it is very important to give some feedback when people do well because people need someone to support them to do and it is also worth giving some rewards to make our environmental becoming better. Third the government can legislate against people who do not do recycle because sometimes people just rely on the rules and laws to avoid getting troubles. On the other hand when the government makes a law to protect our earth people will know this is serious problem. Thus people will face this issue to obey the law. In addition when people are not willing to do recycle the government can give some punishments such as taking a class about why we should do recycle or giving a find. To sum up we should treasure our earth's resources and realize we will use up all the valuable natural resources. It is not only to educate people but also to give some rewards and to make a law. Also we should encourage people who are around us.
