ESSAY Problem Crime in large cities in Colombia Colombia is a country with a high level of violence organized crime and kidnapping. These are big problems in this country. There are many explanations for the high percentage of crimes. The principal reasons are the limited job opportunities and lack of education for the people. In this country there are two social scales rich people who are the owner of the factories and poor people who are professional people workers unemployed and people without any education. Besides there is another scale that is classified as extreme poverty. The hanger stimulate to people to commit crimes to obtain some of the money producing of this way violence. If the government has some politics to fight against the poverty it is probably that decrease the crimes. Politics that can incorporate many opportunities of job opportunities to buy housing and more investment in education The first solution could be increasing the opportunities of job for the people. For example in the world there are many lack of nourishment and Colombia can produce different types of foods like rice bean plantain banana milk tomato potato other fruits and vegetables. Colombia is a country with fertile ground and with different kind of the weather in all the year. The government could produce jobs for people with more investment in agriculture. These products can be of exportation toward other countries. If people have job the crimes in the country can decrease. Another solution would be to increase the investment in housing for poor people. This is an important point it could be of great help for people because with job and housing people wouldn't need to commit some sort of crime to survive. It is important that the families feel protected for the their government and that they don't rely on the crimes to obtain some money due to shortage of opportunities to buy the housing. The best solution is the increase in the investment in education. People can acquire more awareness and personal formation. The education is an aspect very important in the people because with knowledge a country can become powerful. The knowledge is a power social politic religious economic. Also the education provides better style of life and high qualities of thinking. People need better chance to acquire the education and like that the knowledge could be a definitive solution for the crime. In conclusion there are many factors to explain the high crimes rate like lack of job and opportunities to buy housing although the most important reason is the shortage of education in people. Therefore if the government concentrate his effort in offer most opportunities to acquire job and housing it could help a decrease the crimes. Nevertheless it wouldn't be a strategy with better results than if the government emphasize in education for people. The government should take better decisions to solve this problem. In contrast the crimes will continue increasing. Daniel Last Name
