These days we have been too much nonrenewable resources because of their convenience. We are too much relying on nonrenewable goods. Of course we already know we have to recycle. However it seems that it is not easy for us to start recycling voluntarily. To establish the successful recycling the recycling rules should be obeyed not a person but all of the residents. Thus I think that it will be possible to recycle most of the trash if government states and all residents help each other try to comply with recycling rules. First of all the government has to help all United States citizens to know why the recycling is necessary. They should know that we have no time to postpone starting recycle. Therefore the government has a responsibility to educate their people necessities of recycling and how to recycle by television radio and any devices to be possible. These efforts may take longer time than we can expect. Although how much time will take to educate all the people the government should never give up on the way. I am sure that the effort of the government will definitely succeed. Once the people know the necessity of recycling it will be easier for States to help them recycle their garbage. Each State should make more trashcans that are separated by several categories such as glass aluminum can paper. We already have some of trashcans. However it is too short to cover all of the recycling garbage. Furthermore States ought to hire more people who oversee the violators and who recycle the renewable things instead of them. Last the States can make a bill that makes people be obligated to buy special garbage bag when they though out it. To save the money people should separate renewable ones with nonrenewable trash and though away only nonrenewable ones. Next the residents should corporate with government and State that is belonging to them. It is not a problem of one person but our problem. If we do not help this effort to start recycling our children and descendents as well as the people of current generation will suffer more severely than now. To recycle is not a option but out duty and responsibility. Even if it will cost to buy a garbage bag we should obey rule to make a better environment
