Today the population of South Korea keeps decreasing. According to a 2004 article reports South Korea has the lowest total fertility rate in the world. The number of newly born babies would continue to decline 0. 2Percent population per year by 2030. From 2017 the country's total population will start to decrease. It means that country faces a declining labor force in year ahead. If we don't have enough young workers to support old retiree we will have severe social welfare problem such as pension. Unless the family birthrate is reversed soon South Korea is destined for a weakening economy and a failure of the social security system. The tree recommended solutions to this problem are increasing the number of child care centers government's efforts to increase birthrate and education about low birthrate. The first solution is to increase the number of childcare centers. We not only increase the number of child care centers but also should make them high quality childcare in the workplace in order to help working mother. Also we need to extend the work hours of child care centers to support working mother to can work late. Since a shortage of child care centers in South Korea these solutions are very necessary to help working women who want to have babies. The second solution is government's supporting financial aid and pay vacation to give birth. For instance whenever women give birth government should support financial aid for childbirth supplies and educational expense of their children then birth rate of South Korea would be increased. Because most working women of Korea don't have enough maternity vacation providing enough vacation to give birth is important factor for growing birth rate. The final solution is we should educate negative aspects of low birth rate for the public good. For example we can teach problems of low birth rate to people by social study class at schools. It is clear that low birth rate is a serious social problem in South Korea. It is necessary factors to increase the number of child care centers to reinforce government's positive efforts and to educate for students solving this social problem. If we don't take an immediate action to solve this problem South Korea's future would not be secured.
