Unemployment in Saudi Arabia Nowadays prices and life expenses have become more expensive. This increase affects different life aspects such as access to gas electricity food and education. As this phenomenon affects all world countries it affects Saudi Arabia. Saudi citizens are trying hardly to get money to help themselves go along with this situation. But how about those who don't have jobs How about if they had lost their jobs because their companies had a bankruptcy How can they survive By the end of 2008 statistics had demonstrated that the unemployment rate approximately reached 12 . This is an indicator that solutions must be implemented. Alternatives and solutions must be established by setting some programs and polices by Saudi government people cooperation and companies' adjustments of their roles and policies. The initial steps must be started by the government. The government can design some training programs to help student who had just graduated to acquire the skills that are important in the career life. For business graduate for example this may include training programs on how to use computer software in business field. Also people should be ablr to access those programs for free so such programs will be available to everyone. In addition government must require the companies and private enterprises to hire more qualified Saudi citizens instead of depending on employees from other countries. By those strategies more Saudis will be distributed in different jobs positions and the unemployment rate will decrease. Because the solution is very complex people should cooperate with the government to achieve good results. They should look seriously for jobs. Most of them look for jobs which require less physical effort and high salaries. Also they rely on jobs that are available within their regions or close to home. If they didn't find a job with those qualities they may prefer to stay unemployed. People must adjust their perspective and think more reasonably about their target jobs. They should be more optimistic to work in a different city or region. On the other hand college student shouldn't choose an obviously easy major to study. Because those majors are usually studied by too many students most of them will have difficulty in finding a job in the future. If people could consider those points they will find jobs more easily. Companies should also play a role to solve this problem. They can modify the salaries for their employees. Many of the CEOs get high salaries which form a huge part of the companies' budgets. If salaries are reduced for CEOs the companies will be able to pay the other employees and avoid firing them because of the budgets cuts. Many companies ask for hard requirements. Some of them require a specific number of experience years. That is why fresh graduated cannot find jobs even they have majors that are highly demanded. Companies may hire fresh graduate students with low salaries and assign them to mentors who are experienced enough to gain experience. Consequently the unemployment problem will be solved. In conclusion many actions can be taken by the government people or companies to solve the unemployment problem. Government may help with setting some programs and policies. People can change their ideas about future jobs. Also companies may modify the salaries and their requirements. Could you imagine what will happen if the unemployment rate increased The poverty and literacy levels will become higher. Consequently more people will lose their jobs.
