The environment surrounding children in Japan has gradually changed since the 1970's. The most serious and difficult problem to solve is child abuse which can be physical sexual or emotional. Neglect or not providing for a child's needs is also a form of abuse. Most abused children suffer greater emotional than physical damage. An abused child may become depressed. He or she may withdraw from school think of suicide or become violent. An older child may use drugs or alcohol try to run away or abuse others. Therefore child abuse includes a lot of significant and deep rooted problems which prevent children developing healthy. Although child abuse has been widely known it is not inclined to decrease at all. There are three possible solutions to reduce the number of children who are suffering from abuse. The first solution is rescuing and protecting abused children from the assailant as soon as he or she who is suffering from abuse is found. In most cases it would be difficult to rescue and protect him or her immediately because the place where has the authority in Japan is Consultation Office for Children which does not have any power to take abused children away by force. The action by the police should be required. However at the present time it is not real in Japan that the police are deal with child abuse because there are not any laws to be applicable to rescue and protect abused children. The law for permitting removing abused children should be established as soon as possible. Another solution is developing support systems organized by community to help any family who have serious problems. For instance it is very necessary to make groups to support them which consist of people who has retired and experienced to raise children. Most abused children are raised by parents who live to be separated from their family relatives and community. The expansion of family which is called nuclear and lost a member is terribly affecting the increase of child abuse. That makes child abuse more domestic and more difficult to disclose. To solve it developing support systems by community is very meaningful and essential. The last solution is developing some kinds of specialists to support family who are suffering from child abuse including counselors juvenile welfare commissioners medical doctors nurses midwifes health nurses dietitian and school teachers. Originally most of them try to be a specialist on their each field and do not have the special knowledge about child abuse. If all of them had the knowledge more abused children might be rescued. For example a abuse child might be carried to a hospital after physical abuse. If medical doctors and nurses feel unnatural behavior of the child and parents they must doubt whether it is child abuse or not. Moreover the most important thing is the proper relationship connection between specialists. Unless it cooperates with each other very well it would make most child abuse more serious. It is clear that solving the problem of child abuse immediately is the most important thing for us. It seems that the relationship and system between police community and specialists work efficiently in Europe and the US. However any actions to solve it in Japan are not sufficient to function. Each of us should be conscious of one of social members in Japan. Solving the problem of child abuse would be relevant to creating not only our better community and society but also our better country.
