Human Rights in Saudi Arabia Human rights is an expression that describes all the rights that are necessary for human been to remain human. Other wise we will loose our identity as human and start to use the low of the jungle . This is will lead us to look at countries' perspective toward the human right to be more specific human rights in Saudi Arabia. There are many violations of human rights in Saudi Arabia. For example the media in Saudi Arabia is the voice of the government not the people. Another example is the country's resources that have been reduced by half or even more for the benefits of unknown source. The question here is if we are able to obtain such rights in Saudi Arabia or not. If Saudi people want to earn their human rights their freedom back they have to fight the negativity and be more optimistic arm themselves with knowledge and education and fight for free press. I believe these are the first steps to obtain our freedom. Being more optimistic is the solution for the problem of people feeling that they deserve to be miserable. They became used to be victims and they do not want to change because of what they think change is always bad. They lost their ability to be optimistic to look forward to a better country to a better place to raise the next generation to be free and creative. And I said creative because if the country is free the people's minds will become free as well. The solution has to by fighting the negativity because the political issue will not get fixed by itself while no one even noticing that there is a problem. People always complain but what the country really needs is more of an action. For example if the citizens have a problem with their low income they should cooperate with each other and protest To Whom It May Concern to raise their incomes. Otherwise nothing is going to change. The obvious solution which has been ignored by most people is for the citizens to arm themselves with knowledge and education. Knowledge is power that can defeat anything. Knowledge is a device for a person to know his or her rights to know the weak points to become undefeatable and to get a step ahead of others. Therefore people should educate themselves on their human rights and the basic human rights that other nations have in order to avoid being deceived. Knowledge always combines with free press because free press is the common way for people to know and to exchange knowledge with each other. The press is supposed to be the voice of the public that transfers their feeling their opinions and their requests to words and columns. The free press is a valid weapon to defeat the injustice and to bring the plundered rights back to the people that deserve it. The answer for saudi people who seek their human rights is to change their way of thinking into a positive way and to believe that they deserve the best and nothing less. Also the saudi people have to be more open to other nations and to educate themselves on their human rights in order to win them back last but not least is to acquire free press that pass on the people's requests.
