When Japanese people eat meals we usually use chopsticks and eat rice as a staple of the Japanese diet. Similarly Korean people do that. The eating habits between Japan and Korea are similar in many ways. The location and situation are similar both Japan and Korea are in Asia and both had been affected by China for a long time ago. It is very interesting to analyze the similarities and differences of the eating habits between two countries. It might be useful for us to understand both cultures. At first glance it seems that Japan and Korea have a lot of common cultures. Especially in regard to the eating habits Japanese and Korean have rice consumption and rice is a staple of the diet. Rice cakes are commonly consumed too. The most typical meal in Japan and Korea is a bowl of rice and soup served with some side dishes which include a lot of vegetables. Moreover typical ingredients are also in common. Both of Japanese and Korean like to eat fish root crop and soybean products. In addition tea is drunk during eating meals. However it has been known obviously that the eating habits between Japan and Korea are different in some ways. The most significant difference is whether hot food with a lot of red pepper usually is eaten or not. While Korean eat hot food on in every meals Japanese do not always eat it. Even if Japanese and Korean people cook some dishes with the same ingredients they would be quite different taste smell flavor and color because Korean food usually includes a lot of fresh red pepper or dried powder of red pepper. There is another interesting difference which is a kind of manners during eating. It is that Japanese people must hold a bowl of rice and soup by left hands during eating. It is one of the most polite eating habit in Japan. If someone does not hold a bowl it would be told that he or she looks like animals. On the other hand Korean people must not hold a bowl of rice and soup during eating. If someone holds it it would show a very bad manner such as beggars. In conclusion the eating habits between Japan and Korea are not only similar but also different in some ways. Although some things are completely similar some things might indicate opposite meanings. If Japanese people travel to Korea or Korean people travel to Japan we should be careful to understand our cultures of the eating habits each other.
