Causes of Stress Everyone has stress in his her life whatever the reasons. I feel worry about my future family education etc. There are many causes of the stress in my life. First my family is the main reason to make me feel in stress. I'm here in US and my family is in Saudi Arabia. I miss them and I spend much time to think about them especially my mother. When my father entered in comma three years ago I am the only one who stayed with my mother because my brother and sister were here in US. I spent with my mother harsh time. Every day we go to hospital to visit my father. Due to this reason we were in bad stress. My mother tried to encourage me to complete my study whatever the condition. We were much closer to each other. The hard time has made us much friendly. Now I miss her a lot. Thanks God I have a great mother with a brave heart that can help me to less my stress. Second the education affects my life make me stress all the time. I'm an international student in the US that means I have to learn English fluently. I got the bachelor and master degree in Accounting in King Abdul Aziz University in Jeddah. I came to US to get PhD in Accounting. I have to take the TOEFL to prove I know the English very well. Also I have to take the GMAT to prove I'm good in the business. All these tests increase my stress. I think about them all the time. Also I don't have time to do it the deadline for many universities were end. I already applied for a few universities and I wait the decision. This condition makes me out of control and the stress increase day by day. Finally the financial problems can make me stress. I have to think the budget. I'm here in US not in my country. No one can help me. I have to pay the rent on time. So I be nervous about the due ate. Also I have to buy the grocery things for home clothes shoes etc. In the beginning I feel bored. I can't control my self because it was the first time to me to live by my self and to be responsible for every thing. These subjects lead to the stress in my life. I have to success to do it without any problem. I try my best to make a good budget but the financial factors always make me stress. In conclusion there are several causes to make the stress in our lives. Each person has his her problems. Also I have the same thing. I try my best to avert the stress in my life but there are many things can't control them. I think the stress is my enemy not my friend because all the time with me to bother me
