Reem Adjusting to live in foreign countries Visiting foreign countries as a tourist is a good experience for people and can be fun but living or studying in other countries for long time will be the most challenging and sometimes uncomfortable experience for people. Students be able to study effectively and live comfortably in a new place that unfamiliar to them. Living in a new country requires students to learn more about cultural and behaviors. There are many adjsting to live in foreign countries. First for many students studying abroad will be the first time in foreign country and first opportunity to learn about it. Students should educate themselves before departure their countries to prepare themselves for what to expect overseas. It is crucial to learn about the country where they will be studying abroad. For example they have to use the internet to know about the foreign country's political system culture nonverbal signals customs and language. That can make them understand the other society and deal with the many feeling that come from adapting to a new environment. Also students have to know the important utilities they'll need to live in the new country such as a safe neighborhood to live university to study supermarket to buy things hospital just in case and post office to send mails to their relatives. The students will capable to success their goals if they benefit from every information they get it. Second students may not be able to speak with native people as confidently. The students miss their families and friends accordingly they feel lonely Students should make effort to meet native people and take benefits from them. . They can compose new friends and get involved in many activities such as soccer football and students' trips to learn about their culture. In addition new friends can help the students to be more confident and comfortable because they have time to spend with others and enjoy life. The social's relationship can improve the students' efforts. They feel free to ask for help and to complete their studying in perfect way. Third while the students leave home to live somewhere else they naturally take their own personality and cultural ways with them. When they arrive in a new country with a different culture they may feel confused nervous and dependent on others. This experiencing means culture shock. Anyone who is going to live in a foreign country should be aware of culture shock. Living in a new environment with unfamiliar social behaviors and a different language is confusing and exciting. Culture shock caused by the stress of being in a new place and culture. The students have to take care about themselves avoiding the shock. To deal with culture shock and to learn more about other cultures is to get involved and participate in the different social and cultural events. Also students can prepare themselves to accept the new concepts and new culture in the foreign countries to avoid the culture shock which can affect their success. Finally adjustment to a new culture take time to adjust to a new lifestyle make new friends and engage with the new culture. Furthermore living in a foreign country can often be frustrating or rewarding. Student might be fascinated at some of the differences between the foreign country and their countries. At the same time dealing with varieties customs and language can be stressful indeed. Understanding cultural adaptation is the keys to help the student to cope with the new environment.
