Jeddah Pittsburgh My hometown is Jeddah in Saudi Arabia different city than Pittsburgh in United State. There are many differences and a few similarities between them. Jeddah is the one of the main cities in Saudi Arabia not like Pittsburgh. The location of Jeddah is in the western coast. That means Jeddah has an amazing sea but Pittsburgh has rivers. Jeddah is an old city it's old approximately thousands years but Pittsburgh is just 250 years old. Also Jeddah is as big as Pittsburgh. Jeddah is so crowded place not like Pittsburgh is so quite. The weather in Jeddah is different than the weather in Pittsburgh. Jeddah has warm weather most of the year probably like Miami. But Pittsburgh has all the seasons especially the winter. That's why people don't have to change the clock in Jeddah with the seasons. In addition in Jeddah people can go outside after the midnight it's safe and interesting. But in Pittsburgh go outside after the midnight is not a good idea because people can put themselves in dangerous situations. On the other hand people in Jeddah as friendly as the people in Pittsburgh. Foreign can feel comfortable in both of them. The reason for foreign people to visit both of them is different. Visitors visit Jeddah to go to the holiest mosque Makkah also to have fun with their families because Jeddah has a lot of tourist places to go. But in Pittsburgh foreign people come to it for studying because Pittsburgh has many good universities and the reputations of them are great. On the other hand there are a massive different between Jeddah and Pittsburgh that is in Jeddah there are no bars or nightclubs. Also there is no alcohol. People can't drink and find place to dance. In addition the boys and girls have different schools they can't share the same school even the universities. Although there are many differences and a few similarities between Jeddah and Pittsburgh but still each of them has the great soul and good effects in people's lives. Also People can change their eating habits sleep and entertainment to adapt a new place like Pittsburgh or Jeddah.
