Causes of Stress Everyone has stress in his her life whatever the reasons. Personally I feel worried about my future family education etc. First my family is the main reason to make me feel stress. I'm here in the US and my family is in Saudi Arabia. I miss them and I spend much time to think about them especially my mother. When my father entered in coma three years ago I'm the only one who stayed with my mother because my brother and sister were here in US. I endured harsh time with my mother. Every day we had to go to the hospital to visit my father. Due to this reason we were on badly stressed. My mother tried to encourage me to complete my study whatever the condition. We were very close to each other. The hard time made us close friends. Therefore I miss her a lot. While I'm sitting alone at home I can't concentrate in my assignments. Also. I have bad mood to endure someone else. For example in the past I can endure everyone whatever who are but now I can't endure the joking from anyone. I get upset and angry easily. Thank God I have a great mother with a brave heart that can help me to decrease my stress. Second school stresses me all the time. I'm an international student in the US which means I have to learn English fluently. I have a bachelor and master degree in Accounting in King Abdul Aziz University in Jeddah. I came to US to get a PhD in Accounting. I have to take the TOEFL to prove I know the English very well. Also I have to take the GMAT to prove I'm good in the business. All these tests increase my stress. I think about them all the time. Also I didn't have much time to take the tests as the deadline to apply for many universities come quickly. I have already applied for a few universities and I wait the decision. This condition makes me out of control and the stress increase day by day. For example I can't sleep well. I have insomnia every day. I sleep at 3 or 4 am every night. Although I'm still young I have a white tress on my hair. I keep thinking and thinking which make me nervous most days. Finally the financial problems can make me stressed. I have to think about a budget. I'm here in US not in my country. No one can help me. I have to pay the rent on time so I'm nervous about the due date. Also I have to buy grocery and supplies from the super market things for home clothes shoes etc. I have to do all the financial things by myself so I worry about that and I try my best to avoid ask my mother money. Sometimes I avert to go to the malls or theater to keep my budget in a good way. Due to these reasons I feel bored and stressed. I can't control myself because it was the first time to me to live by my self and to be responsible for every thing. These subjects lead to the stress in my life. I have to success to do it without any help from any one or any problems. For example I spent the Christmas holiday in Hawaii. When I came back to Pittsburgh the landlord was on front of my door and asked me to pay two months' rent. It felt something more than stresses because she asked me to pay a big amount so I wrote the cheque and I asked my mother to send the money as soon as she can. I was so nervous even my stomach pained me. At the end I paid the rent and I'll never spend money without control because I can't tell you how was I stressed that day. As a result of that I try my best to make a good budget but the financial factors always make me stressed. In conclusion there are several causes to make the stress in our lives. Each person has his her problems. Also I have the same thing. I try my best to avert the stress in my life but there are many things that I can't control. I have to used to living with the stress even it bothers me all the time.
