Time Management Who has enough time Who has never thought that the day flew by so quickly and that they did hardly anything At least once in our rapid busy lives each one of us has wanted to have more than twenty four hours a day. We always have a lot of things to do but often we do nothing. The problem is obvious we have enough hours every day but we just cannot allocate our time correctly. In other words we have to learn how to manage our time. There we have another problem. First it is not so easy to do it. Second it is a very personal problem a solution which is very effective for one person can be useless for another. However there are some very basic and necessary rules which can help everyone to learn how to manage time. Doing all your work beforehand writing a plan corresponding to the calendar and counting the amount of time that you wasted will make you a successful manager of your time. Doing all work beforehand sounds very good. However some people can say that it is impossible. Think about the situation when you need to do some work for the next month. Even if it is something small and not difficult most people will not do it right away. However the small things can accumulate and turn into a pile of work. When the time for the work comes you will understand that besides it you have a lot of other things to do. Finally you will not be able to finish it and you will be in trouble. You will remember how often you were bored during this month and did not know what to do. It happens very often. You think Why did I not do my work when I had free time Well people often think that the next day the next week or the next month they will have more free time and they will have more desire for doing this work. Actually it is hardly true. After some failed experiences postponing your work you will understand that it is a not good idea to do it. You will realize that the best of all is to do work beforehand. Again it is not difficult. Another way to help you to manage time is writing a plan corresponding to the calendar. It is one of the most popular strategies it is quite simple and useful. When people begin to understand that they cannot cope with the work they start writing down the work they need to do on a calendar. It is very important to write not just your homework but all events and activities. It can help you allocate work to the week's days to the best advantage. First you will not forget anything. Second you will not find yourself in a situation when you suddenly understand that you have a lot of work a conference a party and your beloved aunt's birthday at the same time. Planning and scheduling help you avoid a lot of problems related to time management. The easiest way to learn how to manage time is to count the amount of time that you wasted. You may smile and ask me How can that help me Actually it can be very useful. You probably will be shocked when you figure out you wasted the bulk of your time for pointless and useless things such as watching TV surfing the Internet talking by phone shopping etc. For example by the end of the week you still have several important things that you have not finished but instead of doing it during this week you spent 18 hours watching TV 4 hours on speaking on the phone and 30 hours on the Internet! It is enough time to finish all your work. Realization of it will help you reduce the time that you waste. The next time when you want to turn on TV or go to the Internet just think about the amount of time that you waste. Time management it is a perennial problem. Your future success can largely depend on solving it. Using the set of previously mentioned rules will help you. In addition to be able to manage your time well is very important because besides work you need rest. To find time for you your family and friends is necessary. When you manage time perfectly you will incorporate well work and recreation which will make you a happy person.
