The population of the world keeps growing. Every fifteen seconds approximately 100 babies are born. Experts predict that by the year 2015 there will be about seven billion people on out planet. By the end of the century the population could reach 100 billion people. One problem is that there probably will not be enough good to feed everyone. The three most commonly proposed alternative to this overpopulation problem are making a family plan law to have an abortion and limiting amount of baby in family by the government. The first solution is to limit amount of babies each family by the government. In China couples are penalized financially if they have more than one child. This way seem cruel but the one child policy is beginning to have an effect in the world's most population. For example the government provided the birth control pill and the contraception organization with no charge or enforces artificial miscarriage or artificial abortion operation. By the result it made to decrease giving birth for about 2. 6 Hundred million people during 20 years. Another solution to the overpopulation is every woman who is pregnant but who does not want to give birth should be allowed by law to have an abortion. The positives of the abortion can stop an unnecessary birth. For example couples have many children want to stop pregnant but if they have a baby again they want the abortion. Now however the abortion is illegal. We need a legal abortion. The best solution making a family plan is decreased the population of the world. For example in Korea couples were planed about family members by government. In 1970s the population of Korea was four children each family on average. The government asserted a strong insistence about the family plan. In 1990s there became two children each family. In conclusion it is important that for us to have enough babies for the twenty first century it will be necessary to limit population and to have the family plan. If we ignore at problem what will because of our children What will life be like for them in the year 2015
