First of all I would like to tell you that I like this topic so much because I had a very bad experience with this monster. Sorry . . I mean the telemarketer! Let me expain about my personality first. When I lived in Thailand I usually went to bed very late and woke up in the afternoon. For me the night time is such a best time to work and create many things useful. I always came up with new and fresh idea at night. By the way I love the morning also. It is the time to rest and save my all day energy. I always treat the morning as my pacific time for sleeping. One day in the morning while I was sleeping with happiness. Ring!! Something was breaking my tranquil time. I have special gift for you Special what I asked with dizzy and sleepy. She went on her conversation and tried to talk me into sign up her magazine's member. Hold on for a sec I tried to stop her It sounds interesting but sorry I am not ready to talk to you right now OH! Ok. Don't worry. I will call you back After that she called me everyday in the morning! Though I turned her proposal down everyday she never gave up. How tough she was! No matter how angry I was I never freaked her out and tried to be polite. On the other hand I did not want her disturb my private life so I decided not to pick her call up forever. I added her number in the name of Ms. Noisy . When she calld me I just ignored her. It sounded pretty easy right But she was tougher than I could imagine. Although I never picked her phone up Ms. Noisy called to me everyday. Finally I considered I shoud do somethings to stop her. Suddenly I figured out new idea. I made up my mind to pick her call up and did somethings I had never done before. Hello Ms. Parintra. . This is. . I know. . You are Ms. Noisy I said. Who . . What . . What's that she was confused. Ms. Noisy N O I S Y I repeated. Umm. . No. . It's not me Yes It's you! Oh sorry. . It's actually not your name. . But I create for you from your characteristic I kept talking on Didn't you know You have been disturbed my private life. I told you so many time not to call me again but you kept calling. But I. . What's wrong with you !! I'm not Excuse me are you mad ! I yelled and then we both were in the long silent. OK. . Well she started I apologize to disturb you She said and I felt so relief. She understood me finally. Anyway I have a new magazine to suggest you It's really good I don't have any money I told a lie. What Really To tell the truth I was fired from my company 2 months ago. Now I am broke that's why I don't want to buy anything from you Umm You don't have any money I see so. . Bye she end up with our conversation forever. That's all! It's so easy! Just say you have no money!! Anyway I'm not a devil. As you can see me I do actually not have rude and crude manner at all. I always stay polite with everyone. But she is my really exception. However something I learned from this situation is that when you have to fight just fight!
