Getting People to Recycle Everyone knows that many of the Earth's resource can be not renewable and will eventually run out. At the same time some resources could be recycled. In order for our and our offspring's lives it is time to conserve and recycle these resources as much as we can. A lot of materials can be recycled in our earth. How about you think this problem I know it is a big problem in the word. Now let me introduce some suggestions that can get people to recycle it. At first I want to talk about metal recycle. Metal resource is invaluable and numerous good products need metal. And its form is very complex. For example aluminum metal recycling is a very important part of any family and community's recycling program. Aluminum metal recycle is one of the easiest things you can do to help the environment. Many factories can recycle metal from used TV cell phones and computers. If these used products can be recycled and there are enough factories the problem can be resolved well to some extent. Second our life can not continue without water. But the water resource can be used out if we can not recycle it. Recycled water can satisfy most water demands as long as it is adequately treated to ensure water quality appropriate for the use. How can we get water resources to be recycled Ocean vaporizes water into the sky then the water falls into the lake or river by rain last it inflows into ocean again. It is the manner of the water recycling in nature. We know that we need rely on freshwater. So we do not pollute the lake or river in the world. An alternative method is to recycled our used freshwater. If there is a day in the future we can make sea water into freshwater. The problem can be solved thoroughly Third we maybe couldn't imagine how many papers will be consumed in the world and everyday nobody can imagine how many trees are be cut down everyday and how much dangerous factors will influence environment. But all of us know it is not so difficult to recycle papers we only need do two things one is separate used paper from other rubbish and another is place it in recycle box. Question is whether everyone is so patient that he or she could separate all of used paper. There are many other materials that could be recycled in the world. Weather it can be done well and everyone can begin to think about and take action. If we can get them to recycle we could save many natural resources. For example could you pick up each used envelope and each ad you read If you can do it could you place them recycle box every time So do your best.
