Nowadays many people are getting concerned about stress at work or school. In fact stress can be a serious problem because stress can lead one into the unhappy life. Thus we should find the solution how to solve this problem before it ruins our life. After I thought about this I came up with three solutions which are hanging out with friends plays sport and listens to the music. First of all in my case when I have a lot of stress I always call my friends and make an appointment to meet them. I always tell my problem to them and they will come up with suggestions. It makes me feel good when someone understands my problem and tries to help me. Also when I have a lot of stress they can help me by hanging around at the restaurant or their places. Therefore I think when one has a lot of stress one should talk with one's friends and let them know one's problem. It's a good way to reduce the stress in one's life Another solution is exercise I usually play sport when I have a lot of stress. For example I like to play soccer with my friend when I feel my life is getting down. After that I always feel better. I think when one plays sport one has to focus on what's one doing. So one will forget the problem for a while. That's a good thing because if one can step out of the problem and look at the problem as a third person. That will let one thinks in the wider view. And usually one will come with good idea which is how to solve the problem. Finally I always listen to music all the time when I have stress. I think music can be a resource to solve stress problem. As you see many people have an I Pod for listening to music whenever they want. This can be evidence that music is important. In fact there are many type of song so just listen to the type that one likes. That means type of song is not a big deal for reducing stress. It depends on the personality. Some may like pop some may like rock or whatever etc. It doesn't matter. No matter what type of song it doesn't matter. It can help you to reduce your stress. In conclusion In fact there are many solutions to solve the stress problem. I just pick up my own way that I always use when I have a lot of stress. However I think there are common things to do when one has stress. In addition I would like to suggest one to do these solution which are hang out with friends play sports and listen to the music.
