Foreign students should be allowed to work in the country they are studying in. Many students these days are studying abroad for several reasons willing to learn and experience another counties cultures or might have degrees that are not sufficient at their country. The first obstacle that may come up is financial problem. Tuition for the school fee for renting house cost for living are all about the money. It is not fair to have opportunities to study aboard for the one's who can afford. It is illegal for international students in America to have a job Government think if student from other countries work in here then the native employees might have less job opportunity which is not true. Most of student's who want to work during the college life might work in part time job such as a waiter or waitress in a restaurants or working in small section in a company. Part time job is not really a job that will affect employees in America who want to get a job. Student's who really wish to study abroad having a crucial purpose must have an opportunity equally. Most students who is coming to America to study abroad is wealthy because it is way expensive to live and attend a school in America than attending school in their own country. Every student must have same opportunities because if they have willing money shouldn't be the obstacle. Because it is hard for international student's to be involved in a community it will be an experience for them to be involved in one community that is made by jobs. If students have a job they can meet people there and be in a group and be part of the one community in the social life. It will be easier to accustomed to the country. International students might not harm the natives who are looking for a job but they might give another advantages to the other employees in the job. The native employees might learn and experience the new cultures or international students might give a fresh idea in the work that might not easily come up among the natives. The countries must be warm for a student who likes their country and come to study.
