Stress at work or school There is a hot debate about s tress online recently. Yes stress is a big problem in the society now. It comes from the school the company and the society. Because most of us want to get a good job and make more money so stress exist in the life. Therefore everyone might have stress. However diffierent people have diffierent stress. Does someone didn''t have stress when they live in the world The answer maybe not. So we need some methods to solve this problem. There are sseveral opinions to help you reduce stress at work or school. Firstly communication is so important!You should find someone to tell her your stress don't face all the things just by uourself. For example if you feel upset about the mass of work you should tell your friend and let her knows. Then. He she will help you to solve the problem. Meanwhile sometimes if we express our emotion director it will let us feel more comfortable. Thus communication with others is a good way to remove stress! Secondly keep your habits in your free time. Such as if you like playing piano you should keep going. Sometimes you feel hopeless you can play a piano to l et yourself more relax. It's really a good way. You should have a try. Not only playing piano but also have other alternative choice include painting singing and something else. So don't give up your habits insite on the things you prefer to do that might be a wise way to decrease the stress. Lastly going to more activities might be useful for us. For instance if someone in the stress for a long time it will hurt for her health. So go outside to watch a movie or attend a party. Perhaps it's a good choice. Do not let your nervous all the time. We should breath the fresh air. Go hiking or traveling is a good choice. Therefore join in with more activities it seems a such good idea! As we know we can't let stress gone away. However we can do somethings to reduce the stress. Go outside to have fun talk to someone and keep on your habits it's good for us to feel more better and relax when we meet the stress. Do you want to have a try
