Problem Crime in large cities in Colombia Colombia is a country with a high level of violence organized crime and kidnapping. These are big problems in this country. There are many explanations for the high percentage of crimes. The principal reasons are the limited job opportunities and lack of education for people. In this country there are two social scales rich people who are the owners of the factories and poor people who are professional people workers unemployed and people without any education. In additional there is another scale that is classified as extreme poverty. The hanger which stimulate to people to commit crimes to obtain some of the money is producing many violence. The government should have some politics to fight against the poverty. Probably crimes will decrease. Politics should incorporate many opportunities of job opportunities to buy housing and more investment in education. The first solution could be increasing the opportunities of jobs for the people. For example in the world there is a lack of food and Colombia can produce different types of foods like rice bean plantain celery banana spinach orange milk tomato potato other fruits and vegetables. Colombia is a country with fertile ground and with different kind of the weather in all the year. The government could produce jobs for people with more investment in agriculture. These products can be of exportation toward other countries. If people have jobs crimes in the country can decrease. Another solution would be to increase the investment in housing for poor people. This is an important point it could be of great help for people because with the job and housing people wouldn't need to commit some sort of crime to survive. It is important that the families feel protected with their government and that they don't count on the crimes to obtain some money due to shortage of opportunities to buy the housing. The best solution is to increase the investment in education. People can acquire more awareness and personal information. Education is a very important aspect in people because with knowledge a country can become powerful. Knowledge is a powerful social politic religious and economic. Also education provides the better style of life and high qualities of thinking. People need the better chance to acquire education and therefore knowledge could be a definitive solution for crime. In conclusion there are many factors to explain the high crimes rate like lack of job and opportunities to buy housing although the most important reason is the shortage of education in people. Therefore if the government dedicates his effort to offer most opportunities to acquire job and housing it could help to decrease the crimes. Nevertheless it wouldn't be a strategy with better results than if the government emphasize in education for people. The government should think the better decisions to solve this problem. In contrast crimes will continue increasing with the time.
