Nowadays stress is a common and serious problem in our society. People experience stress at work or school from time to time. Many people don't feel happy and can't have the right attitude in their study or work if they feel too much pressure. For some stress can affect their health and behavior. There are many methods to eliminate stress. It depends on what type the stress is and what kind of personality the person has. However many people feel relaxed after doing exercise going out with friends or spending time with family. The most effective way to reduce stress is doing exercise. Achieving good health must be the most important reason for people to exercise. Without good health people find their daily activities difficult and will not be in a good mood to enjoy their life. Nobody wants to have a sixty year old heart when they are thirty. As the slang phrase Health is the basis of all indicates health is the first step to reach success it means that health will help people do everything easily. In other words people's lives will be enjoyable and will not feel too much stress based on good health. Doing exercises is a good method for people to reduce stress but people who go out with friends also have more alternatives to eliminate their unreasonable stress from work or study. Going out with friends lets people have fun and talk about their life work and be good friends. Some people forget their stress after going out with friend in a coffee shop or shopping with a friend in a mall. Friends can help each other a lot when they are in need. For example one of my friends told his friend about the bad situation of his summer job in a company. My friend is lucky. His friend recommended my friend for a job interview when he graduated from a university and my friend got the job. Not only can exercises and friends help people feel stress free in lives but spending time with family also greatly makes many people feel more energy and less stress. People can use their valuable free time for their family. Many people are busy with their study and work and spending time with family is a good way to deal with the stress and keep their life on track. For instance people can have a nice meal with family and then take a better sleep and wake up with a smile face in next morning is a consequence after spending time with family. Busy people can play with their kids on the lawn when the weather is clear and can go jogging or ride a bicycle on the sidewalk with friends and family. Besides all above a family member is always someone you can really rely on. In conclusion it doesn't matter that you have trouble at work or struggle with your math problems. There are always some good methods for you to eliminate stress. Exercises help you to perspire and achieve health and good health makes your life easier. Having fun and doing something you like with your friends makes you feel free from stress. Spending time with someone you can really trust and rely on is also very helpful for you to reduce stress.
