Illiteracy is one of the dilemmas with which the world is struggling. It is defined as people who cannot read and write. For example in the United States one third of adults are functionally illiterate. In order to solve that problem over the countries the government must provide special schools for illiterate people. Moreover allocating a frequent salary for each student will encourage him to attend the classes. Furthermore circulating the awareness about the hazards of illiteracy through the different media can be a n effective way to figure out that problem. Firs the government must provide special schools with the complete facilities. For instance they have to post qualified teachers who have effective methods to convey the notions easily to the illiterate people. Moreover teaching them how can they use the computer and make it a mandatory to use will make them aware bout the new technology as well. In addition specifying three days a week for attending classes will be beneficial to prevent them to get bored Second the government must impose the media to circulate the awareness about the impacts of the illiteracy on the societies. For instance free press has the important role in circulating the aggravated hazards of the illiteracy by using the beneficial advertisements. Thus it will encourage the literate people to participate in prevent their societies from this problem. Finally the government must allocate a constant salary for the illiterate people who just attend the school and providing a bonus for the one whose evaluation is good. Consequently it will stimulate them to attend the classes and getting the benefits which government wants them to do. All in all we can derive from the aforementioned that there are three potent solutions to prevent the illiteracy. For example the government has to create special schools using the media to spread out the illiteracy problems and stimulate the illiterate people by giving them a financial aids every month In my opinion if the governments follow these suggestions the illiteracy will eliminate and the societies will be more secure and cultural ones.
