Nowadays recycle is becoming a serious issue because one day many of the earth's resources will run out. Everyday we make a lot of trash but most of people do not recycle the useful materials thus we try to burn all the trash but most of trash can recycle and then its can make many new materials. Therefore we should try our best to conserve natural materials such as oil natural gas and recycle if they possible. However how can we encourage ourselves to recycle and influence each other We should teach people cheer people on and make a law. First the government has to educate people to recycle because some people do not have enough knowledge about recycling. For example the teachers should teach children how to classify the trash according to different materials such as plastic glass and paper at school. In addition the communities and companies also have responsibility for educating and giving information about recycling to their citizens and employees. Therefore people should know why we should recycle to protect our resources and how to do it. I believe many people are willing to take care of our earth. Second the government should encourage people to recycle thus they have to give people some rewards to praise them. For instance in Taiwan our government urges that we should classify the trash and recycle. Therefore our government gives some rewards of cheer to people who recycle such as furniture foods or money. In fact it is very important to give some feedback when people do well because people need someone to support them to recycle and it is also worth giving some rewards to make our environment to become better. Third the government can legislate against people who do not recycle because sometimes people just follow the rules and laws to avoid getting in trouble. On the other hand when the government makes a law to protect our earth people will know this is a serious problem. Therefore people will face this issue to obey the law. In addition when people are not willing to recycle the government can give some punishments such as taking a class about why we should do recycle or a fine. To sum up we should treasure our earth's resources and realize that we will use up all the valuable natural resources. It is not only to teach people but also to give some prizes and to make a law. Also we should encourage people who around us to recycle.
