These days we have used too much nonrenewable resources because of their convenience. We rely too much on renewable goods. Of course we already know we have to recycle. However it seems that it is not easy for us to start recycling voluntarily. To establish successful recycling the recycling rules should be obeyed not by a person but all of the residents. Thus I think that it will be possible to recycle most of the trash if government states and all residents help each other try to comply with recycling rules. First of all the government has to help all United States citizens to know why recycling is necessary. They should know that we have no time to postpone starting recycling Therefore the government has a responsibility to educate their people for necessities of recycling by television radio and any possible devices. These efforts may take longer than we expected. Although it will take lots of time to educate all the people government should never give up on the way. I am sure that the effort of the government will definitely succeed. Once the people know the necessity if recycling it will be easier for states to help them recycle their garbage. Each state should make more trashcans that are separated by several categories such as glass aluminum can paper. However it is too short to cover all of the recycling garbage. Furthermore states ought to hire more people who oversee the violators and who recycle the renewable things in many public places. Last the states can make a bill that makes people be obligated to buy special garbage bag when they throw out the garbage. To save the money people should separate renewable trash with nonrenewable trash. Next the residents should cooperate with government and states. It is not a problem of one person but our problem. If we do not help this effort to start recycling our children and descendents as well as the people of current generation will suffer more severely than now. To recycle the garbage is not an option but our duty and responsibility. Even if it will cost to buy a garbage bag we should obey the rule to make a better environment. In conclusion it is evident that we should try to recycle the trash. There is no other alternative. To make all people have a habit to recycle government states and the residents should cooperate with each other. Though it takes a lot of time to make people recycle and requires us considerable efforts we should understand it and comply with it voluntarily. Benefits to recycle are not only for us but also our children and next generation.
