REEM PERSUADING ESSAY Foreign students should be allowed to work in the country they are studying in Foreign students who study abroad their countries have to pay the tuition rent and bills. Most of the countries are so expensive to live in for couples of years such as United States so the students have to get enough money for all of that. The countries should allow the foreign students to get jobs to help them to live in. First the foreign students have to pay the university's tuition. Most of the time the tuitions are expensive and they have to pay them on time. If the foreign students work they can offer the money to pay the tuitions. Second the foreign students get job they will be able to get a new experience. Also they can improve their languages. The countries such as US allow them to work in campus for just 20 hours a week. They can't work off campus even if they need money. But for unforeseen circumstances such as economic hardship and natural disasters in the student's country the US allows the foreign student to work in. Third the country should treat the foreign students equate with the native students. Both of them have their responsibility and targets. In addition the foreign students need to learn a new culture and environment that can make their lives harder than native students. On the other hand the countries can't provide jobs for foreign students because they have their societies. Also if the countries allow the foreign students to work in they will lose the opportunity to hire their native students. Due to that the economy of the country will have bad effect. The native students maybe can't complete their studying because they didn't find a good job. Also they can't pay their monthly bills. The native students have their responsibilities like the foreign students even the rent. Foreign students in any country can't get job to help them to live in comfortable life. When they need money they have to look for the job in campus or to ask their parents to help them.
