Foreign Students should or not be allowed to work in the country they are studying in. Thesis statement Some students study their major at universities in their country and others study in foreign country. When international students study in foreign countries they require permission of working there to universities but most universities do not allow them to work. In my essay foreign students should be allowed to work in the country they are studying in. First it is hard and unexpected for international students to make and prepare financial plan in a country to study before they go there and during staying there. Most of international students spend time to prepare for academic documents such as admission forms a study plan a CV some academic papers documents of visa to enter foreign universities before they go to foreign country. Though they get permission of entering the universities if they do not have enough money they cannot go there. Thus financial problem deprives them form a opportunity to study abroad. Even if they have not much money to live there and then they have permission of working in the foreign country they are willing to apply for the universities. In fact universities earn money from international students more than the local students by means of apply fees insurance fees test fees and dormitory fees. Second working in a country to study gives international students opportunity of career experience and of improving the local language or English. Working experience is very effective for students when they find a job after graduating from a university. Some companies require international students for skill of language and careers of job. When international students have both of them they get job both in their native countries and a foreign country. Therefore working in a foreign country strengthens their CV after graduating from university. International students can expand their relationship to either academic friends or social friends. Counter argument Though some international students do not work in a country to study they complain that they do not have as same opportunity as the local students. International students always complain that they cannot hung out outside visit some museums which require entrance fee and eat lunch or dinner in restaurants because they do not have enough money.
