Nowadays it's obvious that a lot of people are going abroad to get appropriate education. They sometimes have to go to a modern country which usually more expensive than their country. Totally agree with that foreign students should be allowed to work in the country they are studying in because they can afford the living in the new country they can know more about the new country and they have an opportunity to get to know new people and friends. Usually when you go abroad for studying you will go to a modern country. If you do so usually modern countries are more expensive than other country. The international students usually can't afford living in new country. So if an international student get a job it might help him out in his living expenses. For example if I compare my country Saudi Arabia to where I'm studying the US there are huge differences in living expenses between these two countries such as apartment fee. I can afford by my fee which I pay monthly to my apartment here in the US an apartment for one year. If you get a job in the country where you study It will help you to get to know the new country more because you will work with people from the same country usually. Your coworker will help you to understand the important values and habits in the new country and it will teach you how to cope with the new culture. For instance if you work for an office or a supermarket you will have the chance to talk with your collegues in the office or the market. By making this chatting you will be able to understand the new country in more depth and it will make your life much easier in the new country. By getting a job you will be able to make new friends and seize the chance to feel more fun. I think because you are in a new area you don't know a lot of people. If you get a job you will be able to meet more people and make new friends. Such as working in a restaurant or in a coffee shop are ways to get to know new people. You will have a chance to talk with people and joke with them. For example one of my friends I won't say his name is working for a bar. She enjoys her time and she always makes new friends. In summary I think the foreign students should be allowed to get job due to its positive influences to them. It won't affect if they got a job and I think it will help them out in their study.
