PRESUASIVE ESSAY Many foreign students are not able to afford the live expensive during their study. For that they always look for another source to acquire money to help and support themselves during their studying life. The policy of the country which they are studying in on the other hand it does not allow them to work while they are studying. Therefore this essay will look over whether students should be allowed to work for supporting their life expensive or whether they should not allowed to work. Really I concur that students should not allow to work while they are studying. Although most of foreign students whom study abroad are already have a scholarship pay by themselves or someone supports them therefore they already can afford the live expensive in a foreign country which they study in. However some of them are not able to afford the increasing in costs so they are looking for another source for getting money to support themselves. The main problem here is that they will affect on their studying and education they don not have sufficient time for working and studying so may they will fail at the end. Regardless of some students can mange their time for regulate both. Allowing foreign students to work some times may overlap with some country's rules or policies that deem student as illegal person in addition he or she will face some problems with the local government such as immigration trouble and visa problem. In the USA for example government allows students to work only on campus. Any student under F 1 Visa that is the student visa is expressly forbidden to work either full time or part time. The only exceptions are on campus employment and work related to practical training. So may be that works for students instead of letting them work out campus. As American citizens. Consequently foreign students have to respect other country's policy with out getting annoyed. Because that will give bad picture of them whom break the low in order to work in foreign country.
