Fertility Treatment New advances in fertility medicine have created some social problems recently. At the end of this January Octomom was reported at the California hospital. It was almost certain that the woman was undergoing fertility treatment. There are enormous risks that fertility medicine will cause increasing in multiple births and birth defects. First due to the fertility medicine multiple births are increasing. Multiple births have led to enormous risks on medical problems and development troubles for babies. As a result of these risks the family has to be put under great emotional strain including financial problems. For example a mother of multiple births can not care them by herself. It is obvious that she has to depend on others. In fact Octomom has already depend on her mother to care other six children and her mother has been tired and felt so stressful about caring her multiple grandchildren. Although new babies has been caring by six nurses to gain weight faster now imitating the way of the mother to hold babies the family is put in the nervous situations. Moreover the family spends much money for their daily diapers clothes and food also for medical treatments. By the way it was reported that they need about 23 000 diapers a year which is the number of eight times diapers per a baby. In addition there is a possibility of birth defects because of multiple babies. Most of them are tiny and premature birth for protecting mother's health condition. Embryos have to share the situation in mother's womb only one of them is blessed with the quality to live in mother's womb normally so some babies are involved in a lack of enough nutrition or oxygen through their mother. Therefore it is inevitable that multiple births cause the birth defects. As Fernandez states Infants conceived as a result of infertility treatment are two to four times more likely to have certain types of birth defects than children conceived naturally according to one of the nation's largest studies on the issue 2008 . The study shows that the defects includes heart problems cleft lip cleft palate and abnormalities in the esophagus or rectum. The Octomom has already three birth defects and a new baby who is in the serious condition from the beginning. Birth defects also result in medical problems and development troubles for babies for long term Consequently caring for babies depends on many social programs. In brief new advance in fertility medicine have caused serious risks instead of benefiting infertile couples. Increases in multiple births and birth defects imply that family and social have to compensate with tremendous tasks. Works Cited Elizabeth Fernandez. More birth defects seen with fertility treatment. Nov. 18 2008 ANON URLPAGE
