Stress is simply a fact of nature. Outside forces affecting an individual in his life and has big influences in it. There are several causes of stress in my life admitting to my master program missing my family back home and being able to reach my dreams. I come to the US to study my Master in Physical Therapy and I'm stressed out about studying my graduate studies here in the US. I have now a little bet an idea about what I will face in my graduate studies thanks to ELI which gave me an idea but the graduate studies is a little bit different from what I'm studying here. For example studying at ELI incorporates fun with serious education and I'm not sure if the fun part exists in my graduate studies. In addition the education here is completely different to what I'm used to back home. The reason for my concerns I think the education in the US needs more efforts. While I'm studying here in the US my family is back home and for a while I've seen them. As a result of being in a foreign country you will miss your family. I used to do different thing back home with my family and friends. I'm including my friends with my family because I consider my friends as a part of my family. For example I used to call my friend to come over to my home and sitting together with my family doing activities such as watching TV Playing cards playing a video game or just chatting about different subjects. I'm a little bit missing this part and I'm stressed about it because it's one of my favorite activities. When I have my family and friends at the same time I fell relived and happy. I'm a kind of person who thinks a lot about his future and what's the next move. I have a lot of dreams which I wish if I could reach and I know it's not an easy process to do so. I will talk briefly about my dreams which I can't limit but I will talk about some. Since I'm a single guy I'm looking for a girl who is my soul mate and live our life together. Then I want to make a family with kids who live in a stable live with their parents. The consequence of the stable family is confident kids who will grow up and succeed in their life. The last dream which I will talk about is pursuit for my PhD. I'm afraid that I won't have the time to study my PhD. For instance having family job and other hidden circumstances are not easy and it may affect reaching your dreams. My dreams seem simple but they are not easy to reach. In summary there are several causes of stress in the individual life. Studying my graduate studies abroad missing my family back home and reaching my dreams are the most important factors which stress me out. Hopefully I can get rid of those stresses in my life so I can life better life and become a success person.
