Having two lives by bilingual Is bilingualism important The answer is yes . Being bilingual or being able to speak two languages equally well draw people on a standard of living. It is been notable that the person who can use more than one language would be elected from a famous firm or placed in the high position of organization. I am believed that getting into famous firms getting into reputation schools and getting wide connections are the advantages of bilingualism. Firstly most famous firms such as IBM Microsoft Apple etc. Are overseas companies which use another language as international language therefore a new potential worker need to speak more than one language. According to electing applicants of Human Resource department it will eliminate an application which lack of attractive information. Bilingualism is the crucial point that those officers point to for example the HR officers usually look for candidates who can speak more than one language because elected candidates will have to communicate with foreigner colleagues and a mother company in another country. Secondly a second language can push students in the one of top school especially the English language. A student can earn a higher degree abroad or domestically with the advantage of a second language. For instance a student certainly is required language test scores such as TOEFL score IELET score or TOEIC score from universities or schools to ensure the student can use the second language well in classes. Finally in the global economy being able to speak more than one language is a stepping stone in business to acquire smooth connections. Recently there are realized that a business would not be assessed by only its assets. A connection is the most value of business. Let's use CP Company Limited a Thai company as an example as the result of connecting with 7 11 and Grand Hyatt Hotel which are international companies CP can make more profit than it did before. In addition CP can sell its products via 7 11 and Grand Hyatt Hotel port which attributes CP to gain more benefit on the new ports. In conclusion being bilingual is crucial in that it can cause a better job better education and better connection.
