Pittsburgh and Bangkok How much does Pittsburgh different form Bangkok I could say much more different. Pittsburgh used to be the center of steel manufacturing in the Northern part of America but now it is no longer anymore. Nowadays Pittsburgh is well known as an educational city because there are many reputational Universities for example Carnegie Mellon University CMU University of Pittsburgh and Duquesne University. Likely Bangkok the capital city of Thailand located in the centre of Thailand. It has well known as The Land of Smile. It is put in one of the top five powerful economic in the South Eats Asia. However there are different things in common such as climate and life style. First of all Pittsburgh's climate is so fluctuate unlike Bangkok is. Since Pittsburgh is located in the Northern part of America so that its temperature fluctuate between minus ten degree Fahrenheit to sixty five degree Fahrenheit while Bangkok's temperature range is fifty degree Fahrenheit to seventy five degree Fahrenheit or more in some years. According to my experience my first winter in Pittsburgh was so suffer because I used to leave in the warm country Thailand I have gotten cold many time at that time. Likewise both Pittsburgh's and Bangkok's humidity are so different. For example Thailand's humidity is around thirty percent different from Pittsburgh is around sixty five percent. Second different cities take different life styles. Pittsburgh is an educational city where has nice atmosphere for studying dislike Bangkok where is the business city where has lot of things to do. For example almost people who would like to pave for their successful come to Pittsburgh are not only domestic students but also international students. Since there are many famous universities and a low cost of living many students prefer to earn their degree there rather than another city. Differently Bangkok business city there are a bunch of places to hang out such as many kinds of shopping malls night markets pub and restaurant and etc. In conclusion both Pittsburgh and Bangkok have distinguishably different thing in common nevertheless they play a crucial role of their unique. Pittsburgh is the educational city and appropriate atmosphere for studying whereas Bangkok is the business city and appropriate for travel and shopping.
