Why is ELI the best English language institute Are there any English schools which are better than ELI There are nothing come to my mind. I used to take English language courses at the ELS a part of Point Park University and other schools at Thailand these schools are also famous among international students such as Kaplan Wall Street and Fast English. There are a few strengthen which underlie ELI to be outstanding teachers materials and location. First of all ELI teachers are required at lease bachelor degree in Linguistic otherwise master degree in any majors which concern about language and also teaching experience. These requirements reinforce the quality of teaching in the classes. According to my experience in English classes a teacher who graduates from another program not the linguistic program could not explain or clarify well in harder question. For example in grammar question as we know that the English grammar has a lot of rules and exceptions some teachers save themselves by using ambiguous explanation such as it is exceptions it's sound strange for the American. In conversely ELI teachers are able to clarify all of my questions. Secondly great materials cause ELI notable difference. ELI has great facilities to support their student studying such as PC lab and MAC lab. Students can use both labs to enhance four English skills reading listening writing and speaking by using particular programs such as Reap GRS SRS etc. Not only is ELI continues developing those materials in order to make them usefulness and user friendliness but also creating a new program to increase more student English skills. Finally ELI was located at the North America and on the University of Pittsburgh campus which boots student to familiar with the English language quickly. In the North America English accent accurately original English which different from the other parts of the US which spoken quite difficult to understand. For example in the South and East America the English accents are quite different because of numerous of immigrants. Likewise ELI was located among many Universities. There are a lot of activities in those Universities which students can participate with. Thank to variety of activities students can practice their English with the American students. In conclusion ELI is the best English school because of absolute teachers great materials and nice location. These three main factors reinforce ELI as the most reputation English language school.
