I am busy. We have heard this sentence in each language in the world since industrialization rapidly progressed. Most people feel everyday is busy and they say I am tired and have stress. No matter how small stress you feel is the stress is always chasing you and does not disappear. In addition there are some types of stress you feel such as physical stress mental stress and relationship stress. In this essay in order to know the cause of stress I focus on that stress basically comes from internal and external problems. First internal problems cause stress on your body. Sickness not only damages your body and mind but also changes your daily life. For example when you are hospitalized you cannot work in your office use your computer exercise and eat your favorite foods especially hamburgers pizzas and French fried redundant. For another example when your leg is wounded it is hard to get on a bus a train or subway. Otherwise you have to walk to your office and school for a long time or you ask your friends to pick you up in their cars every time you go out. That is it takes a longer time for you to do anything if you are injured or get sick. Sickness burdens both your body and your life with stress. Second external problems such as schools and work promote your stress. When your teacher gives you homework more than you expected your motivation to do homework decreases. When your boss suddenly forces you to do things which the boss should deal with you get frustrated with them. Though you keep your car under the traffic regulation if others violate the rule and cause your inconvenience you will get angry or worried. When something which you are not able to cope with and situations which you cannot expect happen to you you feel easily nervous worried embarrassed and annoyed. As a result external problems stimulate and increase your stress very much. Third relationship problems are also external problems and bring about stress especially those with your family and friends. Your friends and family give you stress even if you do not have any stress. When your friends move another country or pass away your sorrow and grief make you nervous. Your friends sometimes prevent you from concentrating on your study when they ask you some questions and chat with you. Also if you and your friends study to pass the TOEFL test and they get the high score on the test except you you contradictorily feel that you should get the high score too at the same time you congratulate their scores on the test and are worried whether your way to study the test is appropriate or not. Your family also annoys you sometimes. Therefore the stress occurs to you by the people concerned with you. In conclusion stress is inevitable problem in your life. You should understand which problem your stress is based on in order to find an appropriate solution. The most important thing is that the internal problem certainly has the potential of causing the external problem and vice versa. Hence you should keep stress from increasing in your pace.
