Losing weight is always popularity in Korea but most people try to do that in a wrong way that is eating disorder. Because this is easy way to lose weight many people especially girls try to eat very few foods or even skip their meals. It generates some health problems such as roughing their skin weakening their bones and skipping their period. Moreover it also causes some mental problems. They always are worried about gaining weight and can't love their own shapes of themselves. So this problem is serious for we need to find some methods to fix it. Some solutions to this problem are low calorie food exercise and education. First making food that have low calorie but has essential nutrition is needed. The reason of denying food is that people are worried about calorie of the food. If the calories are high they will gain many kilograms. I also worried about gaining weight in here because a calorie of American food is higher than a calorie of Korean food. Because of this some people calculate the calories of food before they eat it. People can know about calorie just some of food like instant food. So there are a lot of questions that are curious about the calorie of food in the Internet. As a consequence if the food has only essential nutrition is appeared most people are not worried about the calorie of food. Next exercise is also important. Actually the best way for losing weight is exercise. However it is difficult to do exercise steady. Due to their body condition or bad whether it can be skipped. In my case because I had a lot of appointments after dinner I didn't go to the gym for almost half of month. So my mother always said my gym fee is a waste of money. Of course going to gym everyday to exercise is one of the difficult things. Because of this it is better that doing exercise in their living because going to gym itself can be annoying. We can see many people who are jogging on the street. Going to destination by foot is also good exercise that people can do daily. If people work out regularly their bodies are healthy and they can maintain their shape. The most important thing is education. Most Korean girls think that they are fat even if their weight is below the Korean standard weight. And they think they are ugly so they have to lose weight like a model. Moreover some media show very skinny girls. As a result they get a wrong idea of their body shape. Because of this they need to be educated what is true and how they think. It they are educated that they are beautiful enough and don't need to lose weight anymore they can understand. It is true that most people want to acquire better shape. Of course I want to lose my weight because I'm also a Korean girl. But they need to know what good shape is. Besides they should select a right way to make them lose weight. If these come true people don't worry about their shape and even their health.
