Nowadays prices and life expenses have become more expensive. This increase affects different aspects of life such as access to gas electricity food and education. As this phenomenon affects all world countries it affects Saudi Arabia. Saudi citizens are trying hard to get money to help themselves to go along with this situation. But how about those who have never have jobs How about those who are educated but don't not have enough experience or skills to get a job How about if they had lost their jobs because their companies went bankrupt How can they survive According to the Ministry of Labor in Saudi Arabia statistics demonstrated that the unemployment rate reached approximately 12 by the end of 2008. Solutions must be achieved by establishing some programs and policies which help Saudi government people and companies to cooperate with each other to reduce this problem. The initial steps must be started by the government. The government can introduce some training programs to help student who had just graduated from colleges to acquire the skills that are important in the career life. For business graduate for example this may include training programs on how to implement computer skills in business and real job field. Also people should be able to access those programs. For example my friend who has graduated from a college had a bachelor's degree in computer science and he could not find a job. Why ! Because every company gives him a practical test to examine his field skills. Also he cannot attend a private course to learn those skills because those courses are expensive. So such programs should be available for free to everyone. In addition government must require the companies and private enterprises to hire more qualified Saudi citizens instead of depending on employees from other countries who occupy many jobs in those companies. By those strategies more Saudis will be hired in different jobs positions and firing them easily due to budgets cuts will be avoided. Consequently unemployment rate will decrease. Because the unemployment problem is very complex people should cooperate with the government to achieve good results. They should look seriously for jobs. Most of them look for jobs which require less physical efforts and high salaries. Also they rely on jobs that are available within their regions or close to home. If they didn't find a job with those qualities they may prefer to stay unemployed and dependants on their families' resources. My cousin had an offer to work in Riyadh to which he needs four hours to drive from his city. He turned that offer down preferred to look for another one in his city. One year later he gave up looking for another offer and he realized he had lost the first one. People must adjust their perspective and think more reasonably about their target jobs. They should be more enthusiastic about working in a different city or region. On the other hand college students shouldn't choose an obviously easy major to study such as Arabic literature history and sociology. Because those majors are usually studied by too many students most of them will have difficulty in finding a job in the future. If students have difficult or perfect majors they will not be fired easily from companies because it will be difficult for the company to look for alternatives. If people could consider those points they will find jobs more easily. Companies also should also play a role to solve unemployment problem. They can modify the salaries for their employees. Many of the CEOs get high salaries which form a huge part of the companies' budgets. If salaries are reduced for CEOs the companies will be able to pay the other employees and avoid firing them because of budgets cuts. Many companies ask for hard requirements. Some of them require a specific number of experience years. That is why fresh graduated cannot find jobs even though their majors that are in high demand. This happened in my case. After I had had a bachelor's degree in physical therapy I couldn't find a job in a private hospital. All of them asked for experience years that I didn't have except one year for an internship program. Companies may hire fresh graduated students with low salaries and assign them to mentors who are experienced enough to gain experience. Consequently they will have enough skills that is needed in a certain job position. Thus the unemployment problem will be solved. Could you imagine what will happen if the unemployment rate increased The poverty and literacy levels will become higher. Consequently more people will lose their jobs. Many actions can be taken by the government people or companies to solve the unemployment problem. Government may help with setting some programs and policies. People can change their ideas about future jobs. Also companies may modify the salaries and their requirements for future careers.
