Almost everyone who goes abroad for study or for work will experience no matter how flexible she or he is some difficulty in the new culture. The irritability frustration sometime even depression that many people feel is linked with this period of the cultural adjustment which involves everything from getting used to the language to learning how to go shopping for food. That situation is known as a culture shock which according to ANON_NAME_0 L. Kohls is the emotional and behavioural reaction to living and working in another culture. Each person will experience culture shock differently based on his or her personality. Basically there are four stages of culture shock honeymoon rejection adjustment and recovery Ferguson 2002 para. 2 . Successfully dealing within the new culture is essential for an accomplishment in the new environment. If you begin to get lost ask yourself what you can do in order to cope with this new situation. There are a lot of strategies but the best solutions are to keep in touch with friends and family at home discover the new culture and get involved in different activities. Basically the first thing you have to do is to keep in touch with family and friends at home. First writing letters helps you to relieve stress. Second making phone calls you can foster regular communication with home which helps decrease fear of the unknown. Try to relate your experience and explain what it is like to live in another culture. Besides exchanging photos with your family and friends updates information about your currently life style and your activities. Even though this solution reduces the feeling to be isolated unfortunately it doesn't improve your adjustment skills. Another solution to adapt in the new environment is to know your new culture. Relocation is a great opportunity to explore the host country. Very useful piece of advice is trying to understand patterns of the culture especially in situations which are strange for you or in which you don't feel comfortable Ferguson 2002 para. 2 . In fact visiting new places help you to minimize the culture shock. For example it is a good idea to explore your neighborhood or local shops. Identifying similarities and differences will help you find out what is causing your discomfort in new culture. Also learning new language is very important for a successful adjustment. Communications skills in a local language enhance chances for a better interaction with people. Locals will appreciate this effort which helps establish your good feelings. In addition discovering local food not only helps you know one aspect of a new culture but also let you enjoy the time with friends. The best solution is to get involved in different activities. The first step is to do what you ever liked. Don't make too many unnecessary or radical changes all at once. Try to continue your hobby and if it is not possible replace them with new available one. For example be physically active. Walk run swim play tennis or do some other physical activity that you enjoy. Next join different organizations and clubs. Take an advantage of services that offer your University or an employer or another social group. Especially people from a church or a community can give you a needed support if you are having a problem with something. Also a work as a volunteer let you feel better and you will meet new people. Furthermore make friends. Find a host local friend who can serve you as a cultural informant and introduce you the local life you would not otherwise have access to. For instance this person can help you make sense of the cultural differences. Don't be afraid to ask about value behavioral patterns and communication styles of the host culture. When you move to another country you might be confronted with the mental emotional or physiological stress because you must adjust to new housing food climate customs etc. The good news is that there are specific steps you can take a lesson in order to cope with the unfamiliar social and professional environment. Some ways to deal with culture shock or minimize its severity are to keep in touch with friends and family at home discover the new culture and get involved in different activities. If you manage the culture shock well living in a foreign country will open new doors introduce you to new ways of thinking and give you a time when you will grow as a person. From ANON URLPAGE
