As the number of poor people increased people in modern society are invariably faced with a problem that the criminal rate sharply increased in most of area. Like in Chicago the murder and rob occur almost everyday. There are three solutions to help to decrease crime. Firstly we could strengthen the police force. As we now few of criminal dare to break the law when policeman watch them. If the policeman increased the criminals have fewer chances to break laws. As what the Chicago did in 1990s the government spends more money on increasing the number of policeman. As a consequence the criminal rate of Chicago sharply decreased. So it is obvious that strengthen the police force is a way to control the criminal rate. Moreover we could make more restrict laws. According to the research the criminal rate of the country which has death penalty is much lower than the countries which don't have. Like in China the death penalty still exist so when people kill someone they mostly escape to Hong ANON_NAME_0 because no death penalty there. As a result the area without death penalty aggregates the criminals. Apparently the restrict laws also an effective way to decrease criminal rate. Last but foremost we could make parents more educated. The expert of criminal research found that the person who kills others most come from the poor area and their parents divorced. They don't know how to value and respect life. The research also pointed out that the woman who born their children after 30 their children are more successful. Because the woman after 30 are more mature and better prepared for educating their children. Most of criminals are illiterate they kill and rob to struggle to survive. However if their parents are well educated they will send their children to school or give them a optimistic attitude toward life. When the children accept the optimistic attitude from their parents they will value the life and made long term target. . It is obvious that a person not easily to be a criminal when they have a goal to achieve . From what I mentioned above we can figure out that the police force restrict laws and educated parents are effective methods to decrease the criminal rate. In my personal perspective the educated parents must be the best and most efficient way to deal with this peoblem.
