Stress at work or school There are millions of people working or studying and everyone has sometimes stressed in his or her profession. First life has many ways that are effects on our feelings direct or indirect. From these are effects and many of uncouth events started stress ANON_NAME_0 2006 . Certainly I can't cover ever single element as part of the essay because all events that a person encounters them they affect together ANON_NAME_0 2006 . The most common solutions to avoid stress are changing your routine being more active in your life and organizing your time and place. First solution is changing your routine. When you have same things you see or you do them every day. Certainly you will be annoyed and frustrated. You should change style at work or school exactly with your office decoration or any place that you stay on it every day. The simplest routines to change are the smallest ones that mean the least to you. For some it might be adding visa picture. . . Etc or changing the places of the equipment in your office has a strong effect. You should make your work and school more interesting or enjoyable. Thus you should change way that you walk to work and school and find something different to make your job or class comfortable. Seriously routine is difficult and sometimes if you don't get out from it you will be uncomfortable in work or school. Second solution is being more active in your life. In your life there are many activities sports journals arts etc . You can pick one or more to make your time busy. Because these fill your vacancy and you have something to do or think about. In addition all these activities always have something new or creation. Thus you don't have vacancy time or same thing every day. From these activities you can remove the stress and you will have an active life. Last solution is organizing your time and place. First you should prioritize activities to help you don't confuse. If you confused what you should do you will start stressing because you are messy. In addition you have to organize your stuff at home and office. Organizing the stuffs will help you to save a lot of time. I strongly believe if you efficiently organize your time and place you will be comfortable in your life. In conclusion life with stress is boring. Stress is occurred in every person life but you can control it before it makes your life perfunctory. You can revive the system in your life to make it more enjoyable by changing and participating in organizing different things. Finally changing your routine being more active your life and organize your time and place will help to remove stress at work or school.
