Global Warming. These days many places suffer from the abnormal and strange climate. This condition affects to change human life and also other species. However many people don't realize how the problem influences on human life. We always use many disposable products because they are very convenient. To make these products valuable trees are cut. Using these products makes lots of trashes to burn and burning of trashes makes the temperature of the earth to be increasing. In summer we use air conditioner to cool down the room but we use it too much that temperature of the inside is lower than average. The air conditioner uses Freon gas which is harmful for the Ozone layer. If the Ozone layer is destroyed the temperature will be increased. If this situation continues people are threatened their life. The global warming affect to the height of the sea and the life of animals lived in the sea. It means that the area of land will become smaller and we lose the resource of the sea. For better life we should try to stop this situation. The three most commonly proposed solutions to the global warming are protecting the area where trees grow protecting the Ozone layer and making regulations for burning. The first solution is protecting the area where trees grow. People use many products made with trees. The amount of usage is huge. There are two ways to achieve the first solution reducing the disposable products and planting trees. Every day we use disposable products. This amount of used disposable products cannot be disregarded. To reduce the usage of disposable products is the way to save trees. For example in Japan there are so many people who use chopsticks just one time and throw them away. So a campaign was started. To prevent throwing away the disposable chopsticks people bring their own chopsticks every day. And planting tree is also the way to protect the area where trees grow. It's necessary to use products made of wood. In Korea the government established the day of tree planting on April 5th. Although operant participation is better this government's action is also helpful to solve the problem. To protect the areas of trees where trees make fresh air could help to reach lower temperature. Another solution to the global warming is to protect the Ozone layer. As many people already know Freon gas threatens the Ozone layer. In summer we often use air conditioners. Generally when we turn on the air conditioner we control the temperature much cooler. It releases much Freon gas. To set up the average temperature is helpful to reduce the amount of Freon gas. The various kinds of spray for example hair spray and color spray also use the Freon gas. Especially for this situation to find an alternative is more efficient than to reduce the usage. The last solution to global warming is to make regulations for burning. After the world began industrialized every chimney makes smoke and many countries have achieved remarkable development. However people think only of the development and don't be aware of the environment. They discharge many pollutants that influence to the air pollution. Although many countries have already contracted the agreement for this situation we need much more powerful regulations. The factor of industry aside there are many things in daily life. As I mentioned above the trash is serious problem. According to the amount that discharged trash increases the burning of trashes is also increased. To reduce the disposable products and to revitalize the recycling is one way to reduce the trash. It affects to decrease the pollutant. Global warming is a serious problem that affects our lives. To solve the global warming there are solutions such as protecting the area where trees grow protecting the Ozone layer and making regulations for burning. If we care about our environment the situation will be better
