Nowadays all of us have to struggle with stress. Before you think how to reduce stress you have to find out the causes of stress. What especially makes you fell tired angry anxious or despite. When you come up with a list of answers you can think about how to abbreviate these symptoms. Stress shows up like difficulties in sleeping concentrating headaches or loss of appetite. There a different solutions how to cope with stress better like specific time management different work outs and social support can help you to overcome. The first solution reducing stress is to have an exact time management. It means to plan your work and to work your plan. Therefore make a schedule and stick on it until the work is done. It is also important to start with work you know that is difficult to arrange or you may need help for it. However do not hesitate to ask from the very beginning to clarify probably questions. Sometimes the question is answered in a few minutes and in some other cases you may get information about material or resources to look your questions over. Another very useful hint is do not let work built up to clutter your weekends because you need them to relax. Another solution is also to work out. It depends on what you prefer more to relax. On the other hand side some people like to work out in the gym they need to work out hard to bring their bodies to sweat and on the other hand side people just like to calm down and switch off from daily busy life with yoga and mediation. Aromatherapy brings many stress relief benefits and various individual scents carry aromatherapy benefits of their own ANON_URLSPAGE_Management 2009 p. 1 . Both types of work out make you feel stronger and will improve your self confidence. All in all work out makes you calm down and gives you dignity. The third solution to cope stress is to get social support. The most important factor is you family. If you have an intact family life which means you can discuss different issues and problems in a nice atmosphere you are most likely a lucky person. Meet also friends and colleagues and try to escape form daily life. The most reasonable and effective medicine is to laugh as much as you can! In conclusion stress is in all our heads. It is created by our reactions to situations rather than the events themselves. Putting life's ups and downs into a proper perspective is the key to cope with stress and the effects that it has on both.
