Obesity and its treatment One of the most serious health problems in modern society is obesity. Excessive body weight causes heart problems diabetes and increased blood pressure. Also it is a serious reason for death. It is well established that achieving a healthy weight can be done through dietary changes and increased activity and depending on the situation prescription medication should be used to supplement these efforts. A new eating style that helps people to loose weight must include a decrease in the total calories in food. One way to achieve this target is eating more fruits vegetables and whole grains. Decreasing calories becomes easier if a person eats less sugar and fat. Day's recommended diet may include more proteins e. G. Eggs whites meet or fish to supply enough energy to the body and fiber green salads asparagus and cucumbers but strongly reduced amount of any kind of fat and of sweets. Sugar should be changed to splenda or to other sweetener. Meanwhile extreme diets aren't recommended as they can cause other health problems such as vitamin deficiency. Typical day's diet for effective weight loss contains about 1100 calories. But very low calorie diets with less than 1100 calories per day are sometimes recommended by doctor as a treatment for seriously obese people. Although physical exercise offers many benefits its main target for weight loss is to burn more calories. One of the best ways to lose fat in the body is steady aerobic exercise like walking. Doctors recommend doing such exercises for more than half an hour each day. For example even several trips up and down stairs instead of using the elevator can be very helpful. Also a person can have other everyday physical activity like walking from home to work or at least getting off the bus one stop earlier or dropping the car not very close to the work. Of course regular sport sessions at a sport center or in swimming pool are extremely useful for effective weight loss. Of course the best way to lose weight is through a healthy diet and regular exercise. But sometimes huge excess weight produces medical problems. In this case a doctor can recommend special prescription weight loss drugs to a person. The drugs change brain chemistry or prevent the absorption of fat in the body. But there are a few side effects among them are increased blood pressure and headache. Also it was found that when drug treatment is stopped much of excess weight returns back. To avoid the weight return a person should focus on changing the lifestyle become more active and pay attention to sport or everyday physical exercises. In conclusion there is a wide range of strategies that can be used to fight against excess weight. First of all each person should decide by him herself which way is the most suitable for him or her. A few strategies can be used at the same time. If the excess weight is huge that sometimes happens a person should consult a doctor and follow his her recommendation. But the most useful strategy is to fight against excess weight at an earlier stage where no serious medical treatment is required and it can be eliminated with not so hard and enjoyable physical exercises.
