Illiteracy in my Country Generally there is no country in the world which is not suffer from illiteracy. In my county illiteracy is considered a huge problem. Recently my country through special organizations started to study this problem by qualified persons. There are many possible solutions to solve the problem but the best solutions are to help the people enter school to demonstrate hazard of illiteracy and good financial support from government for building schools and allocating some rewards as well. First of all encourage the people who do not able to read or write to enter the schools. For instance trying to do good statistic for those people and circulate them in different schools. Another thing clarifying some important points such as explaining to them that they will learn and acquire good information support them to live with good scientific culture. Thus encouraging those people to enter school is a vital issue. Usually most people whom they have this kind of problem are poor and they do not have an idea about the bad effects of illiteracy. The community or the government should illustrate the dangerous effect of illiteracy and how they will acquire a good outcome after being educated. So the demonstration of this issue is considered significant. The financial support from the governement will play a very important role in solving this problem. That is to say to attract those people participating or attending the school and make them interested in being educated well they need something to attract them. Sometimes making people care about something need something that can attract them. For example since those people do not know about studing they might be refuse to participate. So if they know they will earn some rewards which are encourage them for coming to school they will accept to study and learn. This point is most important among the points that I mentioned above. In conclusion helping people to enter school demonstrating the hazard of illiteracy and good financial support from government for building schools and allocating some rewards are might solve this problem. But the question now is after applying these solutions does illiteracy will disappear or not
