Lately the population of Korea keeps decreasing. According to 2004 article reports of a Dong a Ilbo' one of the most popular newspaper in Korea Korea has the lowest total fertility rate in the world. The number of newly born babies will continue to decline 0. 2Percent population per year until 2030. From 2017 the country's total population will start to decrease. It means that a country faces a declining labor force in years ahead. If we don't have enough young workers to support old retirees we will have severe social welfare problem such as supporting pension. Unless the family birthrate is reversed soon Korea is destined for a weakening economy and a failure of the social security system. The three recommended solutions to this problem are increasing the number of child care centers government's efforts to increase birthrate and education about low birthrate. The first solution is to increase the number of childcare centers. Korea is a shortage of child care centers although a lot of mothers want to use it. We should not only increase the number of child care centers but also should make them high quality childcare in the workplace in order to help working mothers. Also we need to extend the work hours of child care centers to support working mothers to can work late. Since there is a shortage of child care centers in Korea these solutions are very necessary to help working women who want to have babies. In addition father's contribution to childcare at home is also very important because although a lot of fathers are participating in their childcare still general Korean culture put childcare burden on mothers' shoulders. The second solution is government's supporting financial aid and maternity leave to give birth. For instance whenever women give birth a government should support financial aid for childbirth supplies and educational expense of their children then a birth rate of Korea would be increased. Because most working women of Korea don't have enough maternity vacation providing enough vacation to give birth is important factor for growing birth rate. The final solution is we should educate Korea people about negative aspects of low birth rate for the public good. For example we can teach problems of low birth rate to people by social study class at schools. I believe that sharing the importance of birth rate will be very good start to change the current situation. As we discussed before fortunately still we have more resources to increase the birth rate of Korea such as fathers companies and government. Even though the situation is not easy this problem would be solved if we all worked together. It is clear that low birth rate is a serious social problem in Korea. It is necessary to increase the number of child care centers to reinforce government's positive efforts and to educate students to solve this social problem. If we don't take immediate action to solve this problem Korea's future would not be secured.
