The population on the earth in 1995 was 5. 7 Billion. In 2010 it's said to achieve 6. 9 Billion and it'll make 8 billion people in 2025. One of the warnings of this population growth is that we will not have enough food for everybody by the end of the century. There are three points we need to consider to put the brakes on overpopulation and it's resulting the food shortage such as eating less meat the family planning by governments and stopping wasting food. As people are becoming to ingest meat more considerable amounts of grain are wasted at the same time. What is this mean Geoffrey Lean asserts in 2004 that we use several pounds of grain for animals to make a pound of meat. This asserting tells us we are losing several pounds of grain that we could distribute them to people. This is a remarkable and significant tendency in developed countries. If people in those countries change the eating habits to eat less meat we can distribute grain to larger number of people. The control and the family planning will make the side effect for the population growth rate. For example according to Vince Busam 1995 removing the tax write off for more than 2 children gradually is operated by the United States. Similarly China government gives a one time reward of money and rice for one child when a couple promised to have only one child. Both the government's controlling in the United States and China effect on the family planning to have less children. The most important things and the easiest practice for everyone is that not wasting food at each meal. In many occasions we eat too much meal and let them there when we cannot finish up. At the same time food demand is increasing the amount of leftover food is also increasing. Our small concern of not having gluttonous eating will make a big effect to food crisis. Although we might not feel and see the food shortage in our daily life some places such as the countries of Africa have already been suffered from the food shortage or our children in future will meet the threat of it. The points we can do now such as changing food habits from meat to grain conducting the family planning by governments and avoiding being careless with food will reduce the warning of food crisis. What can you start right now Your first step is in your next meal on today.
