Modern times Humans get stressed a lot at work with innumerable reasons and it has caused problems in the community. There are two routes that people get stressed. One thing is external problems such as overtime work and worrying about being fired. Another thing is internal problems for example negative attitude and not having friends or mentor to talk with. When workers got pressure it causes mental and physical problems simultaneously. People who get stressed can easily get angry at someone and feel like and it can break their relationship at work. Furthermore stress often causes family troubles these days and some people get serious mental disease in the serious case. Also people can get serious physical disease that can lead people to death. That's why some experts insist that all of the reasons causing diseases are stress. Unfortunately there are not perfect solutions to cope with human beings' stress effectively even though there are lots of reasons that humans get stressed. However there are some methods that can relieve your stress. These three solutions that can support you when you get stressed are having hobbies that you can do with people changing the attitude about work and life finding a great friend or mentor that you can talk with. The first solution having hobbies that you can do with people will eliminate the stress from you. The hobbies can be several types of sports or art work diverse club activities. Especially sports will be a very practical solution. Even though stress is a mental problem physical movement is significantly an effective method to treat with people's stress. It lets people leave something that they get stressed and after exercising people feel something fresh and better. Clearly sports are able to be kinds of outlet of the stress. Another solution to internal problems that result stress is to change the attitude in work and life. People who are negative for everything get stressed more than the people who are positive in their work and life. A small difference in our attitude changes our feelings about everything. It doesn't mean that you don't get stressed. You can considerably reduce your getting stressed. Moreover Positive mind is beneficial for the relationship with coworkers at work and you can recover the relations that you have lost. The best solution is to find a mentor. Finding a mentor or a friend can handle with a lot of stress F. John Reh n. D. Para. 9 . Numerous people have the similar problems at work. As we know that Two heads are better than one when we share the problems with someone we can feel sympathy and find some techniques to solve the internal problems. One small advice can be more valuable for our mental health than gold. It is obvious that stress is all people's problem in their life and now it is also social trouble in the world. Having hobbies telling physical activities changing attitude positively in work and life and finding a great mentor or a friend these might not be the best solution for everyone. But I would say that a little change around your environment or your inside can certainly solve your problems caused by the stress.
