Insomnia is a sleeping disorder characterized by difficulty falling asleep. It is a common sleep disorder which has adversely effects on daily activity. According to American Academy of Sleep AASM 10 of adults have severe insomnia and 30 have symptoms of insomnia. Researchers have tried to solve this serious problem that leads to many undesired effects such as being angry being late at work or school decrease attention and etc. Treatment of insomnia depends on the causes of the case and each case has individual treatment different from another. We can divide the treatment into three categories diet therapy relaxation therapy and medical intervention. Diet therapy is useful in particular cases that its causes related to food or drink. Medical professionals have advised not drink caffeinated drinks and eating chocolate and other caffeine rich products before going to bed because caffeine interrupts sleeping. In addition eating fatty meal before bedtime is not advisable due to some bad effects on stomach. The second one is relaxation exercise as a kind of relaxing mind and reducing stress. By reading interesting book or doing relaxation exercise before bedtime are helpful ways to relief anxiety and tiredness after getting back home from hard day. Furthermore stop thinking about matters that having negative effects on your mood. Also keep the bedroom dark and quiet and keep away any distracting appliances or electronics. The third one is seeking medical advice if you really need to take medications. Before taking any medicine you have to see a specialist doctor to assess your case and prescribe medicines if there is need to them. There are many drugs that control insomnia with different actions and usages. Many people take mediciene by themselves without standing on specialist recommendation which creates other difficulties. The important aspect of getting good result is to recognize the exact cause of insomnia. After that you can apply diet therapy relaxation or take medicines. Finally insomnia is a disorder with multiple causes as well as different method to overcome this problem.
