Solving the Energy Problem William Schreiber Global warming is now almost universally accepted as a serious problem caused by human activity mainly burning fossil fuels that demands strong remedial action as soon as possible. Past events such as the temporary boycott by some of the major petroleum producers in the '70s showed that the US also has a national security problem related to both price and availability of one of our main energy sources. This note is intended as a contribution to the effort to devise a comprehensive solution to all aspects of the energy problem. Many others have also recognized various aspects of the problem and the need for a rapid response. I have found that most workers in this field have not completely defined the problem but nevertheless have some favorite solutions to be exclusively pursued. When I began my engineering education long ago I was lucky enough to have had the tutelage of experienced engineers not scientists. They all said preached actually that the indispensable first step in devising a solution in the real world was to define the problem. What is the energy problem It has several parts. In the early '70s the temporary boycott of the world market by OPEC caused the price of petroleum to rise dramatically as petroleum is the most common source of energy used in heat generation production commerce transportation and residential facilities. 1 The ability of major petroleum producers to withhold the supply reveals the importance of energy independence and price. 2 More recently global warming has become unmistakably important with widespread melting of ice noticeable climate changes and rising sea levels. This is now recognized by nearly everyone as caused by greenhouse gases mainly carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels such as petroleum coal and natural gas. While nuclear power plants are being advocated by some dealing with spent nuclear fuel is as problematic as greenhouse gases and energy must be used to produce nuclear fuel. Note there is now a worldwide shortage of nuclear fuel. Others are pushing ethanol which is such a bad idea that it is hard to understand how its use has become as widespread as it has. Ethanol's production consumes nearly as much energy as it provides and its use generates greenhouse gas. With only about 1 of gasoline now replaced by ethanol some growers of corn have become rich but many growers of domestic animals for food are in dire straits because of the unanticipated rise in the price of feed corn. Solar power wind power hydroelectric power nuclear power hydrogen power methane from buried organic material and other renewable power sources are advocated by some but so far no solution has been proposed that would be both affordable and complete. The purpose of this paper is to propose such a complete solution the development of which requires only resources that we already have in abundance. Unless by some miracle we find a substitute for petroleum fuel that can be used with the same technology we use today takes no energy to produce has no noxious residue and has no unexpected consequences like raising the price of corn its adoption will require rebuilding our entire energy infrastructure. This will be neither easy nor cheap but if we hope to preserve the Earth for our descendents we have no choice but to act now. This will involve diverting manpower and funds from current uses. If we examine how these resources are now being used military applications will be found high on the list. Many of us believe that such diversions would make our world a better place in which to live. The decisions of course will be political which is beyond the scope of this short paper. Though expensive to build the proposed system which abandons fossil fuels should be cheap to operate as the fuel which is sunlight has no operating cost. Back to top Some preliminaries All the energy the earth has stored and almost all of the energy it receives every day comes from the Sun. About 89 000 terawatts 1 TW a million million quadrillion watts falls on the Earth while total usage in 2004 was only 15 terawatts of which 87 was provided by fossil fuels. Their use produces most of the global warming that has become so obvious. If we were to get most of our useable energy from the Sun we would solve many of the most important problems including the price and availability of petroleum as well as 3 the noxious by products associated with using nuclear power and fossil fuels. 4 Relying on the Sun rather than petroleum would also permit us to be much less involved with events in the Middle East. Anybody who does not realize how advantageous this would be is urged to read Seymour Hersh's Annals of National Security in The New Yorker of 5 March 2007. Cleaning carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases such as water vapor from the Earth's current atmosphere is not one of my fields of expertise but greatly reducing the rate at which we increase it is clearly a good idea. Perhaps we shall discover that if we stop adding these gases to the atmosphere the existing unwanted gases will slowly dissipate. A way to do this is to move to an electrical economy producing electricity from sunlight and then replacing as much of other fuels as possible by electricity. There is cost associated with this but mostly new technology is not required. The one field in which this is not yet completely possible is transportation where better batteries or their functional equivalent are needed. Fortunately we still have a lot of competence in developing new technology in spite of losing a good part of our manufacturing skills. A very promising battery project is underway at MIT. Solar power at present is faulted for being available only during clear days for requiring expensive solar cells of limited efficiency and life and for not having enough space for the receptors in crowded areas such as cities. This proposal concentrates on dealing with these issues.
