Sports should be one of the most important features in our life. It has been a useful way to improve people's fitness and protect their bodies. That make them count on their selves to do everything they need. Sport gives us some skills and exercises being developed. We know sports that are at least 500 years old include similar kind of sports but less developed. Sport has many difference aspects. I will divide them into three types run long distance back flexibility and abdominal strength. I preferred these types to indicate the importance and how are they protect our body and improve our fitness. It is a must that physical activity be a regular part of the day said Dr. Maureen Dobbins of McMaster University in Ontario Canada. There are many benefits of physical activity such as controling your weight reducing your risk of cardiovascular disease reducing your risk of some cancer and improving your ability to do daily activities and preventing falls if you're an old adult. These types called physical fitness related health. First of all run along distance is aerobic because we use oxygen during performance. The question is why we use this kind of sport It is important to improve cardio aspiratory endurance. So that assist people to count on themselves in daily life because daily live needs movement such as picnic by walking and take the stairs etc. Running long distance improves the respiratory system by increasing the amount of oxygen that is inhaled and distributed to body which assists our body to do everything. In addition to run long distance back flexibility is important to the normal live and continues without problems in our back because most of people suffer from back pain. The spine is the basis of body. People should strengthen the muscles side of spine and stretching them to protect their spine. The flexibility of the trunk assists the body to lift reduction sit twist bend stand and sleep. So protect our back is very important to keep our bodies healthy. The 3th type abdominal strength is very important to keep our bodies health. We should make some exercises such as sit up. This exercise strengthens the abdominal muscles. When abdominal muscles very strong we can perform most of the movements and support the back to control trunk motion such twisting bending jumping and running. Exercising the abdominal muscles should be as part of a daily routine of good health like brushing teeth. We should depend on these three types because they are very necessary and we need for back flexibility cardio respiratory and abdominal muscles strength to move easily. We should try to practice these sports keep on and don't give up. We can obtain obvious results as a consequence of practicing. Finally we can't separate these types because each of them complements the other.
