Write a first draft of the problem solution essay. Make sure that your essay has concrete examples illustrating your points. Referring to RTWM pp. 35 63 68 And 135 can be useful. The number of people who live a sedentary lifestyle is increasing due to world change by rapid progress in technology. Before people depend on their body to achieve their work. For example people bring there thinks such as food by walking and the agriculture which depend on their body. For example tillage and irrigation count on movement. For these reasons people were healthy. On the other hand people now are using technology such as computer for connecting between people by internet it used to obtain much different information very fast. Cell phone is one of the thinks makes people more less movement. And also transportation makes people less active. More less movement and active are indicating to a lot of diseases like high blood pressure heart diseases and diabetes. There are three solutions in my perspective to assist people in reducing the problem educating people providing equipment ads and information. First of all government should educate people to make them change their method of life. School is one of the places to educate people how to reduce the damage. For example lectures books and interest in sport classes. Government should direct the people to sport because they have an authority. I think it is one of the best ways to protect people's health. In addition to education government should take care of people's health. They should provide the equipment such as halls stadiums and machines in different places like schools universities and sports organization which encourage people to practice. The last solution is very important to make people understand the important of sport. This important is ads. Ads demonstrate to people all causes and effects clearly. By ads people will think to reduce this damage which affects their health. To make ads we know there are many resources such as TV internet magazine and newspaper. At the same time many facts indicate the benefits of ads. Ads have very fast effects. Finally the world has been changing and sedentary lifestyle is increasing. Government should pay attention and take care to protect people's health. My opinion to solve this problem is educate people first and provide equipment and places to make them easier to connect and practice different sports.
