Classification of Music Every day we hear music on TV radio and mp3 player. People listen to the music on the way to go to the work in their car. From ancient to today people delight to sing a song. We can find many historical events or records about the music which people enjoyed. People want to tell about their emotion or situation and the music is one of the ways to express it. We can feel lots of the different impressions about the music such as love tragedy celebration criticism and so on. Music may be used for artistic or aesthetic communicative entertainment veremonial or religious purposes and by many composers purely as an academic instrument for study ANON_URLSPAGE_. As every person has different emotion and music has been used for various purposes there are many kind of music. So what kind of music is there The music can be classified into four types Classical music Rock Pop and Hip Hop and R B. The first type the classical music has long history. Music has been around for thousands of years. We can find the origins of musical notation and the activities about music nearly 700 years ago. Nowadays everyone can enjoy any type of music. However in the past people who were included in high level were able to enjoy the classical music. The classical music was limitted only particular people. By people became to consider the indivisual favorite there was no more particular level to listen to the music. Because of it people try to listen more and to make new genre of the music. So now the classical music can be classified by chamber music opera and symphony. The newage music is also included in the classical music. The next type is rock. The rock music is based on vocal electronic guitar bass guitar and drum. When we imagine the rock music we can think about loud. The rock music includes the heavy metal pop metal punk rock and alternative rock. At the beginning of the rock they wanted to demonstrate the joy or exciting. And the next period some of rock band wanted to tell their resistance about the society with their music. The third type of music is pop music. It is really popular music. People want to find various and typical music that satisfies their feeling and is also easy to listen. This music is not just in particular region but it's popular in all over the world. When people listened this kind of music more and more the world stars are appeared. There is no limit to listen pop music even if the person who want to listen music is grandparents. The last type hip hop and R B is very popular in young aged people. The R B rhythm and blues tells people about the romance. This music has a special vocalism. They sing a song as if they are crying. They talk about the love and it's very smooth rhythm. The hip hop music is origined in the US especially by black people. The music is one part of our life. We can hear the rhythm in ordinary life. People want to feel all kind of music such as joy excitement sadness and love.
