With development of the science we have more and more sorts of transportation. In 15 century human built the big ship for long distance voyage. At the start of 20 century American invented the airplane and car. From now on someone even can travel to space by spaceship and rocket. Actually we can classify all the methods of transportation into 3 kinds air land and the water. From the classification we can analyze the characteristics of each kind more easily and clearly. Firstly human beings have been terrestrial beings since their first. So the land transportation way must be important. In the ancient society people travel by horses which cost too much time . The situation didn't change until the end of the 19 century an American named Steven invented the train. Since then people use the train to transport the passenger and objects. In the most of countries the train transportation is still the most important way to carry things it occupies 70 percent of products transportation. At the start of 19 century Mr Ford created the first car. At that time people thought that drive that wired machine is equal to suicide. However the car turns to the most popular and wide spread vehicle of the world now. In US almost every family have cars. Although the car is limited by its speed and the road. The tiny size and conveniences lead the car to be the most convenient transportation method of the world. Thousands years ago people start to discover the ocean. As a consequence the transportation method on the water appeared. The oldest way to transport on the water is by raft which is easy to destroy. With the curious of the ocean increased people created more and more advanced boat. However most of the boats in the past are made of wood and move forward by the power of wind. For this reason the boat is easily devastated by fire and seriously restricted by the weather. Mr Watt from England change the situation since he had created the new engine motivated by gasoline the transportation on the water step into a new period. Like the boat we use today is made of steel and iron which prevent the boat from hitting and fire. The advanced engine help the boat to overcome almost all complex weather's challenges. In modern society the transportation on the water place the most important way of international trade transportation. After all the water transportation is a safe and convenient way by theadvanced technology . The air transportation is a new way of transportation compare to land and water . The original creator are two American brothers. In 20 century they invented the first plane of the world. Since then the government donate a lot to discover the air transportation. Today it is no doubt that the air transportation become the fastest way to transport. Apparently for this advantages air transportation become the first choice of the traveler all over the world. I can't image the situation that I drive to America for travel it may cost me 1 year to arrive and another year to back. Thanks for the great invention it costs me only 14 hours to arrive in US when I take the airplane. In the 1960s human start to discover outer space with the top technology we even transport people from earth to moon which regard as a tale in the past. Rockets and spaceship have plenty of potential to develop in the future though it is not widely used in normal life now. In conclusion the three types of transportation contribute a lot to the world and make the world closer. I never suspect the methods of transportation will keep on improving. As population sharply increased the development of transportation will help us keep the land resource and population in balance. It is no doubt that the transportation will demonstrate his importance more and more in the future.
