Genres of movies. Movie is an important factor of modern culture in the world. It influences the society in any country. Movies help to attract attention to social problems. As famous movie maker Steven Spielberg said movies are the eyes of the world Wikipedia Schindler's List . Also film production industry is a big part of economics. It includes movie factories artists schools and movie shops. Critics categorize movies by their types or genres. There are a lot of genres and features of genres but the most popular and loved by people genres of films comedy drama and action movie. Below we consider main features of all the three and give examples for each category. Comedy is one of the oldest genre in world culture and in general was established more than 2 000 years ago as a genre of theatre performance in Ancient Greece. A modern comedy movie is a light story with short jokes funny characters action relationships. This genre includes parodies romantic comedies black comedies and more. Such type as a screwball comedy takes humor from surprising situations or characters. Classical examples of movies which relate to the comedy genre are Pretty Woman and My Best Friend's Wedding which tell about funny situations in romantic relationships between a man and a woman. Comedy is one of popular genres of films which are produced in this time. Drama is also one of the oldest classical genres. Drama is a serious presentation with realistic characters and life situations. It includes character development and interaction. Dramatic issues such as alcoholism drugs racial problems religious intolerance poverty crime and corruption put the characters in conflict with others and with society. Dramatic films is the largest genre with many subtypes. It includes historical drama that focus on events in history melodrama with high emotion conflicts tragedy and many others. Famous drama films are Godfather Titanic and Slumdog Millionaire . Action movie is a genre which contrasts to drama and comedy. It is relatively young genre that starts developing in 1960s. This type of films is based on action with minimum of dialogues and with heroes who have not deep characters. Typically a hero in action film fights for freedom and justice against bad guys . The most popular actors of this genre are Sylvester Stallone Rambo Rocky and Arnold Schwarznegger Commando Terminator . Action films mostly directed to men auditory. Movies not only entertain people but also attract attention to particular problems in society. Often producers or directors try to tell about fundamental things such as love life problems fun. Movies became necessary aspect of a human culture and unite people from different social layers. Huge amount of films is made every year and everyone can find what she or he wants.
