History of transportation Transportation is the way for people to move and transfer from one place to another place. Nowadays transportation is one of the most essential things to live comfortable and convenience lives. Some people use trains cars bicycles and motorbikes when they go to work or school everyday some people get on boats and ships to fish or carry cargoes and some people have a ride on airplanes and helicopters to transfer quickly without concern of the cost. We cannot imagine the life without any transportation. Transportation can be classified into three groups land transport water transport and air transport. The first transportation is land transport including walking animal powered transport bicycles motorbikes trains and cars. Humans have always searched how to move on safer places by the best means since humans were born in the earth. The most primitive earliest and dependable transportation for humans was walking. Then humans learned to tame animals for food and to ride them for hunting and further transportation. About 6500 B. C. The wheel was invented and revolutionized forms of transport. Since that combining the horse to the wheel has been the cheapest and fastest mode of land transport. Furthermore modern automobile was invented in Germany by Karl Benz in 1885. The first American cars were made by the Duryea Brothers in 1892. In 1908 Ford produced an inexpensive assembly line car. The next transportation is water transport including boats ships rudder submarine steamboat hydroplane titanic hovercraft canoes and jet skis. On the history of water transport according to Fact Monster Information Please Most people think ANON_NAME_0 Fulton invented the steamboat. But in fact John Fitch an American built and operated a steamboat on the Delaware River in 1787 but his passenger business failed. Fulton's steamboat the North River later 807 and became famous. Today water transportation is usually used to carry heavy cargoes in large quantities at the same time. Especially it is very useful to import and export petroleum and products of heavy industries though slow. Moreover water transport is highly less costly than the next transport. The latest invented process of transport is air transport including hot air balloon parachute dirigible zeppelin airplane hydroplane rocket helicopter jet plane jumbo jet and space shuttle. The first air transport the hot air balloon was invented in France. Then the first propeller airplane was invented in the United States in 1903. It was the first controllable airplane and the development of airplanes strongly affected wars. According to ANON_NAME_1 Coyle and Novack airplane became a fast way to transport people and cargoes over long distances after World War I. Today all of three groups of transportation are necessary indispensable and essential tools for human life. They are playing an important roles all over the world for business leisure unfortunately war. While many kinds of transportation have been invented over thousand years human life has also been developing. The history of transportation must be relevant to the history of human culture and civilization.
