Function vs. Form in Architecture Last week I visited two of the Nationality Rooms in the Cathedral of Learning in Pittsburgh. It was a guided tour with my writing class. These rooms are among many other rooms that represent some of diverse cultures. The two rooms were the Syria Lebanon room and the early American room. The two rooms represent two different purposes origins periods and cultures. One of the main differences that I have noticed between these two rooms was a room function verses a room form or appearance. I mean that the Syria Lebanon room looks very fancy and the early American room looks much practical. The Syrian Lebanon room has too much decoration that mostly comes from the Islamic culture art. The room has prayer niche and some cabinets. Its furniture consists mainly of built in sofa carpet mosque lamp and brass wooden coffee tray. The floor is made of marble. The ceiling and wall are made of painted wooden decorations. Almost every inch of the room is decorated in a fancy way. On the other hand the room has limited function since it represents mainly a small library of wealthy citizen of Damascus. The early American room is very poor in decoration. The room represents an early American house made of wood. Originally the wood used is not painted or colored. There are no signs of decoration on the ceiling or on the walls. The room simply consists of dining and kitchen space for dining and cooking. It has an upper bedroom too. On the other hand all the furniture and items of this room has a practical function. The room consists of all the necessary items and functions for a simple family as to live in a complete small house. In conclusion the Syria Lebanon room is more decorated and much colorful than the early American room. This is because the room designer concentrates more on architectural and art aspects neither on functional aspects. On the other hand the early American room is much practical and it has almost a complete house functions with less attractiveness features. Overall a balance between the purpose and the appearance depend on specific individuals needs. References The Syria Lebanon room handout The early American room handout ANON URLPAGE
