Public transportation in Korea Public transportation is a big aspect of most Korean's life. According to one ESL teacher in Korea All Korean cities and most towns with more than about 50 000 people have well developed public transit systems. Asia Pacific Connections 2000 2008. Because it is developed very well many people rely on the system. Actually people can go everywhere such as amusement parks department stores and castles by public transportation. Due to the factor people who are supposed to go to Korea should know about the system. There are five kinds of major transits in Korea airplane train bus subway and taxi. First airplane and train are good transportation to go to a far place. There are 103 airports and four airlines. Because Korea has small continent if people take an airplane to go to their destination it takes less than 1 hour. However the cost is expensive and people need to get earlier that their departing time. On the other hand train fee is much cheaper than airplane one. Moreover high speed service which is called KTX is available. It is so fast that people can get to Pusan which is a city of opposite site of Seoul approximately 2 hours. Of course there are other intercity services such as Saemaeul ho Mugunghwa ho and Tonggeun. These costs are cheaper than KTX but not so slow comparing with KTX. Next buses are one of the widespread transportation. Buses have two categories such as regional services and local services. The regional services are similar to the grayhound in US. Lots of people use them because those are cheaper than trains and have so many lines and time tables. Actually the train services are concentrated to the Kyungsang do region. Consequently people who want to go to other side of Korea take the bus services. There are also local services all of the country even if it is very country side. They have a lot of lines and come to bus stop very often. They also have arriving announce system for it makes people be not curious about when certain bus comes. A subway is also considerable transportation in some cities. Like other countries only six largest cities have the subway system. A couple days ago 9th line service started in Seoul. Because the subway comes to station frequently and doesn't need to worry about traffic jam people get to their destination in time. Moreover they don't need to pay again when they transfer transportation such as between subways subway and bus and even between buses. Due to the transfer system it can be pretty cheap transportation. Finally a taxi is a method not expensive but convenient. In my case when I hung out with my friends if our number was more than three we took a taxi because it cost is almost same with taking a bus. Besides people don't need to call a taxi because there are so many valid taxis on the road. Especially at deep night people usually take it because the bus and the subway services finished at that time. Although a lot of people use public transportation the number of car increases steadily in Korea. As a consequence traffic jam and air pollution are the results that people can't avoid. Using public transportation can be a solution to solve these problems. And people don't need to think that it isn't convenient thing anymore. It is not only useful but also cheap. If people use public transportation more often Korea is a place which most people want to live obviously.
