Movie Rating Teresa Mar 26 2009 Movie is a kind of entertainment. Everybody loves to see movie in free time. Especially people like to hang out with friends in movie theaters. Movie theaters are social places for everyone to interact more with others. Otherwise seeing movie can kill time. If people are bored just turn on the television to enjoy a movie from channels. Of course we can learn information for example how to get along with people or knowing other's life in movies. Some movies are educational meaning to people but some mean nothing. Even some teach children and teenagers bad behavior or wrong concept. That is why Government Information Office rated movies into four groups in Taiwan General audiences Protected Parental Guidance and Restricted. The first group is for everyone named General Audiences. There is no fighting or slang words in this type of movie. It demonstrates Cartoon is the example of this group and it is full of comedy and humor. In this group there is educational meaning. You can learn something when you see this type of movies. The second group is Protected. Because its features are fight steal and sex scenes in this type of movie children whose ages are between six and twelve years old can see this. However they should be accompanied by parents to see this type of movie. And the people whose ages are less than six years old are not allowed to see this rate of movies. The illustration s of this group are action and romance movies. Such as Titanic which is the most classic film in the word be rated as protected and romance film. Parental Guidance is the third group. The factor is that this type of movie includes of violent crime and horror people whose ages are between twelve and eighteen should be required accompanying parents. These categories of horror crime and gangster films are belonged to this group. The typical film of this group is Saw. The fifth Saw was released last year and the sixth one is coming up soon. The final group is Restricted. Only adult can see this group of film . Taking drug killing sexual scenes are full of this type of movie. Only people with judgment and mature mental can see restricted films. After seeing this type of movies some people will have a nightmare because the shots are beyond of people's image. Consequently some films can inspire people make people think it over. But some abandon people. Choosing a right film is important to kids and yourself. It can be decided from the rating and the story of film. Parents have the responsibility to evaluate movies for kids certainly. Don't ignore the rate of films while choosing a film.
