According to Wikipedia transportation is the movement of people and goods from one location to another . In the past people suffered from transferring or moving from one place to another. The problem actually expanded to shipping of goods or wares. Shortage of transportation facilities was the principal problem at that time. Now because the technology is different the transportation can be classified into three categories Land transportation Air transportation and Water transportation. Land transportation is one of the most common sorts of transportation. This kind of transportation has diverse ways. For instance people who move by their feet are used the foot transportation. On the other hand there are some people preferred transferring by cars or buses which is land transportation too. Nowadays since the number of vehicles is increasing as a consequence of rising of population the people prefer using walking or using buses if their destination is closed to them more than using cars to avoid crowded or traffic. So it is very obvious that this kind of transportation is widespread among the people because they rely on it in their daily life. The second type of transportation is air transportation. This type is relevant to people who need transferring from place to another in far destination. For example the need for this kind of transportation varies from person to person. Ome people utilize such as air plane due to having some businesses while other people for tourism. Therefore air transportation illustrates how it is important method for everybody to finish their tasks in short period of time. The last category is Water transportation. This is important too but it is low important than the land or air transportation. It is classified as a vital factor for moving goods or wares more than transferring of passengers. In the other hand still there are people who prefer using this kind of transportation because the low cost and perhaps they like to try new kind of transportation as tourism. Eventually these three kinds of transportation indicates the development of transportation at present. Increasing the number of people who use these types of transportation lead to high consumption of fuels. Thus the question is how can this problem be solved
