Organic food represents a group of food that doesn't have any use of conventional pesticides and artificial fertilizers in the process of production and growing. All this natural process looks very interesting for many people because it's an opportunity to get far from all the chemical products that many people doesn't know that goes in your food. These organic foods can be represented in two categories Fresh foods representing the vegetables and fruits that are directly purchased from the farm and processed food such as snacks or chips that contains only organic ingredients and no artificial additives. There are many advantages related to organic food such as the farms of organic food that sustain diverse ecosystems they use less energy and produce less waste. And studies also shows that organic farms are more energy efficient. There are advantages for producers too they doesn't need to worry about the pesticide exposure in their bodies as some study shows even when pesticides are used correctly they stay in the air and can easily cause problems. For consumers studies shows that substances like the organophosphorus pesticide the herbicide Artrazine and DDVP are dangerous for the human body especially for the nervous system. As the Pesticide Exposure Surveillance Program Website says Pesticides are designed to be harmful to pests. When not used properly pesticides can cause harm to humans animals or the environment. The severity of pesticide poisoning depends on the toxicity of the chemical ingredients the amount of the pesticide the length of time of the pesticide exposure and how the pesticide enters the body. There are also some ideas against the organic food like the argument that organic food is elitist and other arguments that show that conventional food care only a minimum percentage of toxic level that people don't have to worry. In contrast the organic food market is growing more than the rest of other foods industry and shows an idea that have the purpose of develop naturally the food industry. Sources n a n. D What You Need to Know about Pesticides Your Health
