The Syria Lebanon room and the Early American room look totally different. The difference comes from the difference of the culture and period. Therefore characters of a house are a good example to guess the lifestyle of particular culture and period. First the Syria Lebanon room is so beautiful because it has elaborate decoration on the wall and ceiling. People could see at a glance that it was a room from a rich family. It has the feature of 18th century house but decoration is so delicate elaborate and sophisticated it does not give us an out of date impression at all. It has luxurious atmosphere. Also it has a niche called Mihrab that has religious purpose to put Koran on. Therefore although the room was used for a library it creates a special and sacred atmosphere. The furniture such as the sofas lamp and carpet looks antique but gives us a classy sense which offers an impression as if we are at a museum. The Syria Lebanon room is like a room to look at not use for everyday life. Next the Early American room is completely different from the Syria Lebanon room. It was built in 17th century. Although the Early American room could be also a house for the rich the feature is quite simple. There is what the family needed it is practical. The wall and furniture are made from wood and do not have fine decoration. There is no doubt that they used them everyday. The Early American room provides us a sense of real life not sophisticated or luxurious one. However it has a secret room upstairs. This may be a proof that the Early American room was for the rich. Considering that it was built more than three hundred years ago it is amazing work. The two rooms are so different but there is something that both of them needed at the time. Some were designed because they were necessaries based on their belief. For example Mihrab was needed because of their religion. On the other hand the secret room was needed because they believed witches besides attack from Native Americans. The rooms have things they needed in their lives. The two rooms have very different features because they came from different culture and period. However they show us a part of their culture like what they needed and believed. Therefore we can also learn some of their culture from the houses.
