The Medical Treatment Health is one of the gifts that god gave to us. We need to be thankful by taking care of our health. When we got an injury in our body or if we got sick and it's consider as an emergency situation. What's the different between the emergency and the medical treatment here and back home in Saudi Arabia In the begging I would like to compare between the emergency situation here and in Saudi Arabia. When some one has an emergency situation here he has to go and sign up his name and fill out his information include how dangerous his injury or how much pain he has and that happen before get into the room while his waiting and it is going to be a long time to wait for example it might take 4 to 8 hours. However In Saudi Arabia there are some differences in the emergency like you don't fill out any forms or you don't sign up by getting there in the first time before getting your treatment or seeing the doctor. More over it doesn't take that like as much as the one here. Taking an appointment with a doctor is the second thing that I would like to compare. If someone need to get an appointment here and even if he is in a hurry they cant scheduling him by the time that he needs to be scheduled one of the reason might be that there are too much people need a special treatment but that is every where On the other hands in Saudi Arabia you can schedule the time that you want but not in the free hospital where every things is free and pied for Saudis you can do it in the private hospital where you should pay like here and that because of not much people go there as the other free hospitals. The third thing I would like to mention is here the treatment is too expensive comparing with Saudi Arabia For that reason everyone here should has his own medical insurance but in Saudi Arabia the medical treatment it's cheaper than here so the people don't have to get an insurance because the treatment is not going to be that expensive Finally I would like to say when we compare between the medical treatment here and in Saudi Arabia we compare between three kinds of treatment because of the free and the private treatment in Saudi Arabia where the private is kind of as expensive as here and the free as busy as the one here.
