Everyday before I fell asleep I pray for everything that were given me by god because I don t have any health problems that cannot cure and I am not disabled. When you look around you can see many disabled people some of whom cannot see some of whom cannot walk these people need other peoples help to continue their life. Also there are some people who look healthy although they have many crucial problems such as kidney disease and liver disease. Since ancient scientists have tried to work out these kinds of diseases. We know there are many solutions to treatment these illnesses one of them is organ donation that takes healthy organs and tissues from one person for transplantation in to another people. At this moment in the world there are abundant patients on the transplant waiting list. Thousands a month are added to this total. Although we have more than enough potential donors who pass away each day people die while waiting for a transplant. By donating our vital organs after we have passed away that allow us to save peoples' lives or to help people to continuo their life like normal people. Additional we can contribute to scientific progress and countries' economies in this way. Because of these reasons the donation of our vital organs should be obligatory. I will explain my reasons in detail below. My first reason is actually emotional. I want to give an examination from my life to explain my feeling. I met the most important person in my life five years ago that is my daughter. Since that day I couldn't imagine losing her. When she was only 3 months old and she had to stay at hospital two weeks because of bronchitis. My daughter s illness was temporary but this time was the longest time in my life. While my daughter was staying at the hospital I met other children's mothers. At this time I did not want to be in their position because some of these children had critical diseases and they hoped donor to cure their illness. If they do not find donor they will be die and their mothers heart will break up. I am sure if their relatives had consistent organs they would have given their organs without thinking so I want to say that who wants to lose our beloved but we can face this situation even thought we never want. Organ donation gives us opportunity to save our beloved. Don t forget while you are living an ordinary life you might face extraordinary situation such as kidneys disasters and you might need other peoples organs. Organ donation is a beautiful bequest that we can make happen. Since eyes can continue seeing and heart can continue beating but someone could die without them. Another reason I believe in organ donation is economic. In my country Turkey health spending is supplied by our government. The amount of health spending is considerable. As you know some serious illnesses require a systematic therapy such as kidney disease. If some people have kidney disease they have to be treated with a dialysis machine three or four times every week because if they cannot do it they die. For this reason there are many dialysis centers but they are not good enough. On the other hand there are some illnesses like heart disease that if you have you have to stay in a hospital because you cannot live without care. Did you watch a movie that is about one family They have a child and suddenly they learned their child has a health problem. This child needs organ transplantation but for some economic reason the executives of a hospital refuse to make organ transplantation. The father attempted to take in pawns from hospital manager and doctors to save their child s life. Sometimes you can find a consistent donor for organ transplantation but you do not have enough money. I think this situation injure you more than do not find a consistent donor. In additional the economic problem that can cause other problems such as organ burglary murder robbery. As like mentioned above some people might kill other people or attempt to steal their organs to save their beloved. My point of view if the range of organ donation increases the health spending might reduce. For example if people can find consistent kidneys easier than now because of an augmentation of organ donation the government doesn t need to open new dialysis centers and they can use this budget for organ transplantations.
