People may think gay marriage is against the law however society even the law is changing every day. Maybe we should change laws and make society better. In the last generation or two people wouldn't be seen kissing on the street wouldn't discuss their intimate sex life or condone pregnancy before marriage. Now we might see many people kissing on the street sex is a widely discussed subject and women are having babies without married free from social scrutiny. For example 100 years ago induced abortion was forbidden by law unless a doctor demonstrated that the woman might be in a life threatening situation. This has changed and now this surgery is legal in many different countries. Most allow women to perform this surgery sometime between 12 weeks and 7 months of conception depending on the country or state. With an open society we should give up our tradition to open our mind and explore new options. Traditionally a man and a woman must get married and begin having babies one generation after another. However it is time to change. Marriage shouldn't distinct male from female it should include man and man or woman and woman. Homosexual people are normal people they also would enjoy being married to their lover and enjoy fundamental rights entitled to those who are heterosexual. Why shouldn't people or the law evolve over time Governments believe that if same sex marriage was legal it will cause many society problems such as more encouragement for future homosexuality and an overall lower human fertility rate. But this is not the right perspective because many straight families simply choose not to have children even if they are fertile. This also causes lower human fertility too. However most gay people consider adopting children from a third country. I believe that this actually provides a solution to the low human fertility rate as well as the aging of population situations. People will argue that if a kid grew up in a gay family he will acquire his or her parent's behaviorism. However the root cause of homosexuality is still completely ambiguous. Is sexual orientation inherited or acquired We don't know yet but scientists are desperately trying to find out. But some research suggests that homosexuality is caused due to brain function and deterministic DNA according to one research analysis of brains of gay men and straight men and women. The analysis shows that there are some parts of a gay man's brain that are similar to straight women's and yet different from a straight man's. From another research analysis of the fingerprint of gay men and straight women scientists reported that a gay man's fingerprints are not unlike that of a straight woman's. Normally fingerprints are formatted during the 16th week of pregnancy. This suggests homosexual could be decided by DNA. It implies that a child may live with a gay family and receive no effect upon their own personal sexual orientation. I don't think same sex marriage is the main cause of decreasing human fertility increasing percentage of gay people or any other detrimental problem to society.
