The same sex marriage Wrong relationship Can you think of someone who says marriage between man and woman is an inappropriate relation Mostly the answer is no unless they are siblings. But what makes people all around the world people from the beginning of history people with their distinctions of religions race and ethnicity all are in favor of blessing this kind of marriage In fact there are several reasons behind why people are loyal to this relationship starting from our instinct and sense as it is the lonely way to maintain human kind ending with some religious beliefs. They are contrasting reasons but all of them are likely to lead to the same attribute. Moreover all of them roll and finally settle in one basket the basket of this agreed marriage the basket that people carry in order to form families and have children. Let us try to change the color size or shape of this basket. Let us consider a marriage between boy and girl two kids who are seven years old how many reasons from the above list is going to jump out of our virtual basket Think about another kind of possible marriage the same sex marriage who would carry its basket And how many supporting reasons would stay in it My answer is not so many what is yours The odd sexist desire would come in front and the human right for this eccentric tendency follows it. Because it is poor this basket could be quite light. But at the same time it could be extremely heavy since its contents are suspicious. In few words not any person could walk among people carrying a flagrant object. The same sex marriage is a controversial human relationship that a minority group of people ask to be covered by a legal rights' umbrella. Despite the people's desire this kind of mating should be denied. Human morality religious beliefs and possible social effects emit considerable reasons to condemn this unhealthy relation and avoid its consequences. When it comes to human morality people think about its principles in a variety of ways. That is because morality has a wide definition depending on different factors and standards such as culture history customs and lore. These factors make us accept some considerations from others and refuse the rest. That is why it is a little bit easy to determine concepts to regulate morality principles in some aspects of our life. But on the other hand it is so complex for few other aspects. Obtaining money for example all people have an idea that sees stealing money is immoral. And people along the history worked to create rules and laws that frame dealing with money. They did not face huge difficulties to have support from the factors mentioned above. May be because protecting money was a target for them all they successfully implemented their rules. Even thieves agree that their behaviors are immoral but they followed it because it is a short path to get money. The problem then is when we have an issue that a minority disagrees that it is bad wrong or immoral. And what makes it sticky that those people fight for it based on their desires with out putting into account the morality factors. Same sex marriage is one of the controversial issues. It is against human morality. Simply it flies in the face of human history customs and lore. In the near past those homosexuals used to have their sexual activity only in the dark or just behind where they can't be noted. This is a clear indication that they were doing something wrong or at least it is against the normal. In addition human morality principles were drawn from human experience that led to the current development. Do those people think about this point Do they expect the health problems that come later They attempt to run against all of that. It is like a spark to begin a fire. It is like a gateway to extra irregular and misgiving relationships. Religious beliefs are the second source of reasons to reject the idea of same sex marriage. All the celestial religions like Islam Jewish and Christian have the same doctrine about this matter. These religions have the same origin which is our creator so this is interpretation of why all have the same doctrine. They don't only deny this relationship but they also punish people who commit this outrageous offense. In Islam for example homosexuals must have the highest type of punishment in their life. And in the hereafter Allah will punish them by sending them to hell. Moreover the social effect of same sex marriage is completely negative. Think about the future suppose that those people won this debate they will have the legal right to establish their mini families. Imagine that it became a modern tend for a man to ask his boyfriend to marry him and that girl is happy because her girlfriend is going to marry her. The picture of our future society exhibits two men in this house and two women in that apartment. The minority became majority and vise versa. Just few kids in each school and the rate of birth reached the minimum. Think about the result when people say yes to their appetites. Another example two men mini family I don't know if I can name them wife and husband want to adopt a child. They will teach him every thing off course if they get one. As the child grows up he probably will have as the same tendency as his parents. Few generations later you will see just elderly people in the community. This issue has a direct impact on the economic of the country. The future of a country must be made by responsible people and the right to issue such a remarkable decision must be on honest hands. Overall the factors and reasons that mentioned above unite and support each other to refuse the same sex marriage idea and fight it. When you try to persuade someone to keep this idea out of his mind it is not an easy task to separate these reasons. For instant the Religious beliefs are compatible with human morality. So if we found that the same sex marriage is contrary with one of these reasons then it is against the rest of them. Before they say their final word people should think twice about the purpose of marriage and its benefits. They should think about why we were created as two genders And why we want to be against the human nature Why we follow Satan's commands and not our creator's Accepting same sex marriage will open the door to other kinds of strange relationships that could begin as a little idea and then get its fans. Finally I would add one more question. If a group of people asking for a legal right of a new kind of marriage that allow a father to marry his son what will be the response of homosexuals Do you think they will agree If not I would say why It is their freedom human right and desire.
