Comparing Between the Early American Room with the Syria Lebanon Room History is defined as study of human behavior through time. It also is a study and interpretation of the old human life families and societies. When we need to study history we need to observe things or materials that our gear parents left to us in order to generate a good background about their life back in that time. Through the early American life and the life in two Middle Eastern countries there are a lot of differences regarding to their different cultures. We can observe these cultural issues through two rooms representing both cultures. The rooms have given us good ideas about how was the social life in both cultures in term of the financial situation in that time. It is obvious that both rooms doesn't belong to people have the same level of wealth. The Syria Lebanon room does really show to us how wealthy the people who used to live in that kind of houses regarding to the decoration does their room have. Also we can suppose that from the kind of furniture that the room has. It is a built in sofa with a foundation of a red and white marble. The lights of the room is made with glass cups represent to us a high quality kind of light. These kinds of materials I don't think it would be affordable to the normal people who lived in that time. On the other hand the early American room doesn't reflect as we can observe from it a wealthy American life for many reasons. For instance there was no special place for guest as what wealthy people should have. Also the kind of furniture that the room has it is looks like the basic things that they would make or afford. The chairs and the tables made of wood. The structure base made of stones. There were any kind of decoration we can observe it. Everything seems to be the basic. In general I think the function that both rooms has is regarding to the situation the used to live in. In the Syria Lebanon room it is obvious that they have lived in good and secure community. We can infer that they used to have a special artiest to designing their houses and to make the furniture. Unlike the early American room regarding to their life as we know they didn't has much time for arts and decoration. Because of wars they were in to establish their country. We can observe the unsecured community they used to live in from the hidden bed room in the their house.
