Not using medical disinfected would heal wounds faster and save money. People have become neat freaks since advanced medical technology found out enormous numbers of germs and figured out how negatively they work on human. Therefore when people get hurt they consider how to keep the wounds clean. The well known wound healing method is using medical disinfectant on the wounds to prevent infection and cover those with clean gauze. Around a week later the wounds would be gone. This method sounds perfect even doctors and nurses will take care of the wounds in the same way. However the attitude toward this method of disinfection has been changed in recent years in health department or hospitals. Some of them propose that water disinfected and moist healing are more effective wound healing methods. The suggestions are also well known and people are might skeptical. In spite of that the simple methods heal up wounds faster furthermore it is said that if hospitals implicate that methods the hospitals might save few million dollars. First of all hospitals spend lots of running cost of medical disinfection and sterilized equipment to use it for everything. However all of things could be categorized into two gropes such as things can be sterilized or not. Medical tools and cloth gauze or garments belong to the first grope. Hospitals need to use them in certain procedures for example operations. In other hand the skin and wounds are with the second grope. Human bodies are difficult to be sterilized. Even though if not people could keep such no gram conditions temporary. Moreover covering the wound with sterilized gauze is worthless because grams are enough small to pass the gauze's stitches. Therefore it can't be established a theory of using them on the wounds to remove grams and prevent infection. Those medical materials can't grow up in the ground and removing worthless cost may help the hospitals reduce spending extra costs. As for water disinfecting and moist healing it works likely to help human body's inherent wound healing process. The natural healing process is that after get hurt we can see clear liquid seeping from the tissue surrounded the wounds and the liquid contains many substances to cure the wounds. In addition 48 hours later fragile skin is regenerated on the wounds. After the skin covers the wounds we don't have open routes that grams can enter the bodies. However we need remove blood and other dirtiness like sands or dirt because the blood and the other dirtiness trigger infection or interrupt the healing process. Thus we need to wash the dirtiness with running water and moisturize the wounds. The procedures of those are simple. It needs Vaseline and plastic wrap or commercial moist healing bands which we can see at grocery stores. First clean up the wounds with water and next put the Vaseline on the wounds then cover the wounds with the plastic wrap or the another item. After that the wounds can keep closed and moist circumstances furthermore the wounds might not be infected because most of grams can't work well without air. In addition moisturizing helps the healing substances because it can't live in dryness. According to the methods We can prevent infection and heal the wounds within a week.
