Thesis Being a woman myself I think abortion would help improve some of the problems such as unwanted pregnancy from rape when the mother realized that there is something wrong with the baby and reduce the rate of illegal abortion that leads to death. Abortion is one of the most persistently controversial issues in many countries' culture and politics which cause very strong feelings and judgments and very heated recriminations. This issue has been argued among pro choice and pro life proponents for decades. Those who identify themselves as pro life generally contend that abortion is wrong because they consider it as infanticide. However some pro lifers grant that abortion should be allowed in cases of rape or when pregnancy threatens to the mothers' life or health. However those who identify themselves as pro choice often maintain that abortion must remain legal because a woman should have the right to control her body and her destiny. Being a woman myself I think abortion would help improve some of the problems that might occur such as unwanted pregnancy from rape when the mother realized that there is something wrong with the baby and reduce the rate of illegal abortion that leads to death. The first reason is the fact that when it is in the situation of rape. What if a young girl around the age of 12 or even older females unfortunately get raped. That girl is now stuck with having a child which emotionally and mentally not ready to have a child. I think an abortion is better than just abandoning a child for someone else to come along hopefully in time to take care of and save the child. This will also help reduce the amount of the orphans because the foster care system is already overwhelmed and under monitored. In this case abortion needs to be legal because in rape she has been horribly victimized a terrible experience that we want to do everything we can to help her recover and she can also pursue her education goals. Next In the case that you know your baby has something wrong with it that is terminal and you know the baby would not live long after he she is born. Or if the baby has down syndrome or something wrong with he she that you know you are not capable of taking care of them I think that is the time where Abortion should be up to the mother and father of the child. Moreover in this case also include the pregnancy threatens the life or health of the mother.
