Insomnia Insomnia is a sleep disorder in which people either cannot fall asleep or stay asleep. Insomnia can be either acute or chronic. Acute insomnia occurs occasionally. Typical causes of acute insomnia are short term stress excessive caffeine alcohol or tobacco and environmental disturbances such as noise light or temperature extremes. Chronic insomnia persists longer lasting months and sometimes years. Chronic insomnia has many causes such as arthritis breathing disorders or long term emotional stress. Insomnia is a serious problem for many people of all ages and both genders but there are solutions to end insomnia such as changing eating habits or diet resolving emotional issues and establishing more routine daily schedules. Still insomnia is a serious problem according to researcher Laurel Vukovic M. S. W. Who notes that approximately 70 million Americans spend close to 50 million annually on remedies to help them sleep Vokovic 2005 p. 12 . In addition to solve these problems there are some several solutions that people can get rid of insomnia or leave less sleep disorder problems. For instance watching their diet work schedules or emotional problems. People who are experiencing insomnia are sometimes able to improve their sleep habits by watching their diets. For one thing these people should watch their caffeine intake and as well shouldn't eat too close to their bedtimes. Warm milk or herbal teas can be used as substitutes for coffee and cola drinks. And heavier meals should be eaten earlier in the day so the body does not have to digest food during the night. Too much sugar can be a stimulant and should also be limited. Fresh fruits can be substituted for candy cakes or pies. Maintaining a sleep friendly diet is one step to a restful night. Daily life and work schedules can also affect the ability to sleep. People who are working at full time jobs might need to choose earlier work shifts or at least maintain regular work schedules so that they can go to sleep at the same time every night. Students might want to establish earlier classes as well. Other environmental issues that can interfere with sleep include noise and uncomfortable temperatures. Maintaining a sleep friendly environment is a second step to a restful night. To prevent insomnia one of the most important factors is to stay away from a stressful life style. Exercise can help relieve stress when it is impossible to avoid it. Aerobic workouts yoga and relaxation exercises are all helpful. However sometimes it is necessary to work through any emotional problems by talking with a friend a parent or even a therapist. Maintaining a relaxed and sleep ready mind body may be the most important way in which we can welcome a good night's sleep. In conclusion insomnia has many physical emotional and environmental causes. It affects people in many ways. Irritability illness inability to concentrate and failure in work school or family life are just some of these ways. Still as we have seen there are possible solutions by changing one's diet schedule sleep environment and emotional state. Vokovic's research suggests that if you have a sleep problem you will most likely have to make some changes in your life to ensure a good night's sleep Vokovic 2005 p. 127 . In other words insomnia is either the body or the mind telling us that something is wrong. If we listen to our bodies and minds we can solve the problem of insomnia and lead healthier lives.
