Skipping Breakfast Why do some people skip breakfast Recently people who do not take breakfast are increasing especially among the young people. It might say rather popular than increasing. When I ask my classmates whether they take breakfast every morning or not most of them answer that they don't take breakfast and just drink a cup of coffee. However it is said that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. There are several arguments for skipping breakfast despite the fact that skipping breakfast causes unhealthy life style so that people should realize the importance of breakfast. First some people skip breakfast because they are too busy in the morning and have no time to make or eat breakfast. Most of them sleep too late and awake late so their stomachs do not accept any foods. My classmate said that if she eats something in the morning she gets sick. She is unhealthy! To make their brains clear most people who skip breakfast drink a cup of coffee. But skipping breakfast is likely to become tired when their brain and body run with low energy. Also some parents put these situations in their children's life styles. According to Bowden Eating breakfast correlates with better performance and concentration at school and work better energy and improved well being 2009 . If we consider figuratively our body as a car the car engine does not work without fuel so breakfast is important fuel that we need to get body going and starting our lives of the day. In addition as French states Breakfast is not the meal to miss especially when you feel stressed since it can set the mood for entire day 2008 . I agree with these opinions. We need more energy clear brain and concentration for studying hard. Also if parents want their children to do better at school it is better to make their lifestyles eating breakfast. Think about how to retain our healthy conditions not only a day but also for a long term. Moreover the communication with family through breakfast affects good beginning to start the day. Secondly skipping breakfast is considered as a common strategy for losing weight especially among women. Some people believe that they will loose weight if they skip meals. In this point breakfast is an easy target to skip. But it is not true. In fact I have an experience that if I skipped only a meal my weight decreased a little bit soon but my body fat didn't decrease. Some experts say that eating breakfast is rather good for weight loss. According to Campbell In fact data from the National Weight Control Registry an ongoing study of over 5 000 people who have lost weight and maintained a weight loss of at least 30 pounds for one year or more shows that one key factor for these people's success is that almost all eat breakfast. On theory is that eating breakfast kick starts your metabolism helping your body start burning food for fuel 2007 . Also as Gardner states An estimated 12 percent to 34 percent of children and adolescents skip breakfast on a regular basis a number that increases with age. Previous studies have linked breakfast skipping with a great tendency to gain weight 2008 . We can imagine that if people made arbitrary skipping breakfast there is a possibility that they might run too much eating for lunch as a reaction or tend toward having high sugar foods. If so it causes unbalanced eating habit. As the result they become to gain weight. Furthermore it could be lead to obesity. We need good balanced eating habit to maintain our weight without skipping breakfast. On the other hands some people who have health problems have to skip breakfast. As additional Campbell states It's not uncommon for dietitians to hear patients say 'If I eat breakfast I'm hungry all day. ' Like wise many people skip breakfast in an effort to lose weight. Some people with diabetes don't eat breakfast because they wake up with high blood glucose readings in the morning. What are your reasons for no eating break fast In addition Even the name breakfast implies that you are breaking the long overnight fast with a nourishing meal to help you face the day 2007 . However some people who don't eat breakfast show their healthy conditions. If they continue to keep skipping breakfast are their bodies accustomed to being good conditions Then why do most experts insist the importance of eating breakfast If we consider about the mechanism of our body skipping breakfast is not inherent for our body because there is a mechanism of body functions. In the thinking way of oriental medicine I learned about it very long ago human's functions such as five solid organs and six hollow organs have the best time to work vigorously a day. For example the liver works in midnight actively the lungs work at cockcrow etc. Although we have adaptability to a new situation skipping breakfast disobeys the natural stream of body functions and it will cause some different changes to the body in the future. I believe that it is better to follow to natural stream of our body functions. Finally most people of skipping breakfast feel nothing about the importance of eating breakfast and persist their life styles unconsciously. But breakfast is very important issue as most experts recommend. Of course it should be balanced meal. At the same time Most people are tend to take dinner as the main meal in a day but I think that it is better to eat the most balanced qualified breakfast for energy in a day. Someday an ELI teacher gave us a homework that we should take enough sleeping and good breakfast before a day taking a final test because these are very important for keeping clear brain especially for language. Sleeping gives our brain rest and good breakfast gives our brain enough nutrition. We should know these real clues for studying also other people who skip breakfast too. Briefly a lot of people skip breakfast but skipping breakfast can just save time in the busy morning and has no benefits for our healthy life style. People who don't eat breakfast should recognize that breakfast is very important. Works Cited Jonny Bowden. Eating breakfast is only half the story. Feb. 02. 2009 ANON_URLSPAGE_Gerri French. Making time for breakfast. Sep. 22 2008 ANON_URLSPAGE_Amy Campbell. Getting off to a good with breakfast part 1. May 14 2007 ANON URLPAGE. . . Amanda Gardner. Skip breakfast pack on the pounds. Mar. 03 2008 ANON URLPAGE
