I grew up in a big city and I used to go to my hometown which is a small city. I didn't think I would like living there and I was right. I faced difficulty if I want to go anywhere if I didn't have a car and if the car was available I didn't know where to go. The people who I saw were the same people every day. On the other hand in the city where I grew up is totally the opposite. If I want to go anywhere I can reach that place even though I don't have a car. I can ride a bus or take a taxi and I know how to spend good time with a lot of activities to do. Since my city is an industrial city there are a lot of different nationalities with multicultural backgrounds. The underlying reasons which make living in a big city more interesting are Transportation is much more convenient entertainment is available and there is a greater variety of people. I can't imagine ever living in my hometown. However living in a small city can help to save money because there is nothing to do and living expenses are cheap. You will find healthy live since there is no factory or sometimes it's seldom to find factory in the small city. You can live away from the noise of the big city and live relaxed live style in the small city because the pace of life is very slow in the small city which I don't like it. For example some of my friends prefer living in the small city because it ensures their preferred style of living and they can save money. From my perspective Transportation is easier in the big city which one of the most attributes for living in the big city. Transportation such as buses subways or taxi is available in the big city and it makes your life much more convenient. If I lived in a small city I wouldn't find this option in reach. For instance I was in my hometown which is a small city and I needed to go to the airport to catch my flight. There was nobody from my family or friends in reach so I missed my flight because I couldn't find anyone to pick me up and drop me off in the airport. If I had been in a big city I wouldn't have had this problem because you have penalty of options Such as taxi or bus. According to American Public transportation Association If our transit system were to suddenly stop our metropolitan transportation operation would grind to a halt. This would make it impossible for employees to get to work and for businesses to receive and ship goods. The metropolitan economy would eventually grind to a halt as well. The Economic Importance 2003 . In addition entertainment is more in the big city than on the small city. You might argue that entertainment exists in a small city but is not as well as in the big city. In the big city you can find a lot of entertainment choices. On the other hand in the small city you don't have choice due to the limitation of the choices. For example in the big city you will be able to choose from different activities and places and it depends on your preference. If you are a big fan of shopping you will find different shopping centers you can choose from. If you are interested in nightlife you will be able to find some of bars and night clubs around the big city and if you live in a big city near a sea your life will be more entertaining. According to Luisa Frey Gaynor optionCruise ships today offer a variety of entertainment options on par with city nightlife. However these floating resorts boast one big advantage over other land based options The entertainment is free. As modern cruise ships grow ever larger so too does the range of onboard entertainment with offerings ranging from elaborate Las Vegas style stage shows to topical lectures classical pianists Second City comedians high tech discos Cirque ANON_NAME_0 Soleil shows and even toga parties Big city entertainment 2005 Since you have different options how will spend a day living in the big city is worthy. In the big cities there are opportunities to have more people. Since there are more universities and companies in the big cities they have diverse people and some time multiethnic society. Accroding to Joel Kotkin Humankind's greatest creation has always been its cities. This multicultural society makes the life in the big cities more interesting because there are people from different backgrounds and believes. The potential edge that urban dwellers enjoy over their country cousins can be linked to having more and different people to meet and more meeting places parks coffee shops parties or simply the sidewalk. Population size isn't the only measure of urbanism of course someone who lives and works in a walkable college town like Ithaca New York may talk to 30 different people in a day from neighbors to shopkeepers while someone who lives in a gated enclave in Los Angeles and drives an hour to work may exchange words only with her spouse and a few office mates. Psychology Today Aug. 2007 Pg. 82 . Since there are assorted cultures in the big city you will have opportunity to discover and understand the people from different backgrounds in more depth. I can say that the big cities unify different people to be more understandable to each other. I'm living now in Pittsburgh which can be considered as a big. So far I've learned a lot of things from different nationalities in Pittsburgh. I had gone to a small city I wouldn't have seen interesting things from different nationalities. In summary living in a big city is much better than living in a small city. Options such as public transportation availability of fun and diversity of people make the big cities worthy places to stay. I don't mind paying more money to stay in a big city because I like the busy life of the big cities. American Public transportation Association. The Economic Importance of Public Transit. November 3 2003. March 29 2009 ANON_URLSPAGE_economic importance. Cfm Luisa Frey Gaynor. Big city entertainment is free when you're at sea. June 7 2005. March 29 ANON_URLSPAGE_Joel Kotkin. Density Diversity in the City. Jan 9 2009. 29 March 2009. ANON URLPAGE
