ANON_NAME_0 Nov 16 2006 Writing4 Japanese college students diet comparing with US students Draft Hamburger pasta and pizza are very popular meals among US college students. Although many college students eat those fast food in Japan they also eat Japanese fast foods lunch box and rice bowl. Those meals consist of Japanese meals so Japanese college students' diet is healthier than US. We think lunch box and rice bowl are one kind of fast food. Students who live in parent's house or dormitory can eat healthier food than who live in apartment alone. They often get meals in restaurant fast food shop or convenience store. Many students buy lunch box in convenience store and rice bowl in rice bowl restaurant. Most Japanese meals are cooked by six cuisines boiled grilled steamed fried and non cooked food. We have a lot of boiled and non cooked meals that are cooked by low fat cuisines for example sushi nimono boiled vegetables with meat . Even our staple is a steamed white rice so Japanese meals are known as healthy foods. One of popular meal among college students is Beef Rice Bowl that consists of white steamed rice and boiled beef. It is healthier than western fast food because it's cooked by non oil cuisines. We use many kind of ingredients for meals. Most Japanese traditional ingredients are healthy Rice We steam rice as staple Fish Fish is a much healthier and centr of most Japanese meals seaweed Miso Soy bean paste Tofu Soy bean cake and so on. It is now widely recognized that a Japanese influenced diet can help you to stay healthy and protect you from many Western disease such as cancer heart disease obesity other cardiovascular problems such as clogged arteries etc ANON_URLSITE_. Japanese lunch box consists of those ingredients and students can buy many kind of lunch box in convenience store for instance grilled salmon lunch box tempura lunch box. They can even get a sushi bento and salad in convenience store and they can have healthy meals anytime. Japanese researchers have found what many in the country have long believed ice bowl chef serves it for three minutes competing fast food market. There is little difference about price and service quality between western fast food and Japanese fast food. On the other hand college students can buy healthy food easier than us they tend to prefer fish based lunch box to meat based lunch box. Actually Japanese diet is changing to western diet. In old times the Japanese style of eating was rice as main dish a little bit of fish and vegetables. More than a quarter of the Japanese diet now consists of fat. Said Dr. Yasuo Akanuma director of the Institute for Diabetes Care and Research. College student can eat many kind of convenient healthy food based on Japanese ingredients and cuisines in Japan. But whether their diet is healthy or not that depends on their choice. Japanese college students diet might be healthier than US college students. Reference Japanese food and traditional recipes for health and enjoyment ANON URLSITE. Retrieved from ANON_URLSITE_Mizoguchi Kozo Japan's diet said healthier than America RED ORBIT breaking news May 24 2006. Retrieved May 24 2006 from ANON_URLSPAGE_Finley Don Obesity gaining in the land of the setting sun American fast food a growing trend in Japanese diet. San Francisco Chronicle Dec 22 2002. Retrieved Dec 22 2002 from ANON URLPAGE
