Many people are concur as I do with the regulations which prohibit people under 18 to smoke because their lungs are still too young and they are growing smoking can prevent the regular process of lung growth. On the other hand it is the first step for learning another bad habit might be let them start with dangerous things such as marioana and cammabis. The question is how to regulate and ban this serious problem There are many perspectives about the age of letting children avoid dealing with smoking as a bad habit Smoking causes many harmful diseases like lung cancer heart attacks high blood pressure and chronic disease and can lead to birth effects. The crucial problem is that when people smoke more and more their body will get addicted and later they reach to a stage where they can't resist themselves from smoking and they will continue to smoke almost without break. This essay will light up about some aspects that people should be concerned to protect their children whom under 18. Everyone knows that children are the new future generation. Therefore we have to take care about them by watching and following them. The first point to protect our children comes from parents the parents are the best way for advising their children from this kind of unethical habit children always need guide children are easy target for many other bad people children can mimic from other children what they watch. From this point government has to regulate this problem by establishing rules or laws to limit this problem. For example the government has to violate anybody who is under 18 and smoke even in public place or in other place. However government has to involve parents in this situation to feel responsible for their children. Additionally school has to prevent their students and make rules for students to give up this problem or at least decrease it. In Pennsylvania for example restaurants with seating capacities of 75 or more shall provide smoking and non smoking areas reasonably calculated to address the needs of their clientele. The size of the smoking area may be increased or decreased by the proprietor or person in charge according to need. Restaurants with fewer than 75 seats shall either provide a non smoking section or post a notice at each entrance stating that there is no smoking policy Campaign against smoking in public places 2006 . A ban on smoking at workplaces shopping areas and trains do not seem to affect children according to the study. The children were also exposed to lesser exposure as a result of higher taxes on tobacco products. A total ban on smoking in public places is expected to have higher adverse effects on children belonging to the low income groups. An outright ban is to be imposed in Scotland soon. The cotinine levels in children aged between 4 and 8 is much higher in places where a total ban is in place particularly in the case of poor families. This only serves to widen the health gap which exists between the rich and the poor. Action on smoking and Health has questioned the reliability of the study. Bio Medicine website 2003 . In the United Kingdom for example people complain about the health service. Every day 1000 patients are admitted into hospital because of smoking related illnesses. Just imagine how many beds it would free up if there would be no smokers anymore. I know that if they would stop smoking that it would not immediately make things better but eventually it would. What if children begin to smoke as well you can imagine the size of the problem. Stephan Nov 22 2007 . I think that smoking should be banned. I think that secondhand smoke can be very harmful smoking is unhealthy and smoking is very addictive. Secondhand smoke can be as worse than smoking. Smoking for children under 18 should be banned completely. Not only smoking but also any form of tobacco dangerous to their health. Passive smoking or second hand smoker has deleterious effects on the respiratory health of infants and children and no confounding factors were found to be responsible for this association. From my point of view health benefits for children can be achieved by systemic and parallel efforts to discourage parents from smoking. References 1. Couriel TM. Passive smoking and the health of children. Thorax 1994 49 731 4 2. Smoking restrictions in United States 2006 retrieved from ANON URLPAGE. 3. Bio Medicine organizations 2003 ANON URLPAGE
