Healthcare has been the center of debate in many countries for a long time both sides of the equation are supporting strong ideas why or why not should healthcare be free for all citizens. I my opinion the government should take care of its citizens from all aspects but argument that others are making is the fear that this will turn a capitalist country such as the United States into a socialist state. However its unrealistic to link the two together if you look at Europe we will find capitalist countries that provide almost everything for its citizens and the same is in other countries such as Canada that has one of the best healthcare systems in the world. Personally I don't believe in one system that has everything citizen dreams of we need to have a mixture of different system that best fits our life and give us the perfect result. So in order to proof the positives affects of free health care we will take a look at one of the countries that do have a free healthcare system such as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and how is it affecting its citizens. Looking at the different arguments that supporters of the non free healthcare have shows that it varies from different aspects. One argument as stated earlier is that this would turn countries in socialist prisons where they need to wait for around 3 months to see a doctor according to The Fraser Institute a Vancouver B. C. Based think tank the average time a patient waited between referral from a general practitioner to treatment in Canada was between 16 and 30 weeks in 2003 . Another argument is that the quality is not as good nether neither the doctors nor the facilities have the same level of quality as the non free healthcare countries. However if we take a good look at these arguments we will find a lot misunderstanding to the ideas and the benefits of the free healthcare system which is being implemented in Saudi Arabia for a long time and proving to be of an extreme help to a lot of people. Its beyond my knowledge why people look at things in only tow dimensions everything is nether black or white ether we go 100 with a socialist system that has a poor quality or we stay with a capital system that throws anyone without an insurance under a bus!!!! Why can't we find a system that has the best of the two world after all we don't have to invent it it is here all what we need to do is actually use it. Saudi Arabia founded in 1899 and ruled by Al Sauud family ever since is one example of country in which healthcare is free for all. The country do provide public hospitals and clinics for example in my city Jeddah there is 3 major hospitals and more than a dozen clinics that provide free services for the citizens furthermore private hospitals are all over the city for those who don't wish to go to the public hospitals. This why everyone has the choice to go to free or private hospitals but we are going to be 100 sure that every citizen has free access to medical care. When it comes to the second argument which is the quality we need to look at things from all points of view. As I mentioned earlier people have the choice to go to any hospitals they want whether its privet or public but lets say for the that privet hospitals are better and the quality is superior what will happen if someone had cancer but no money to go to a privet hospital What other alternatives he has if there are no free public hospitals Isn't it better if he takes his chances with such hospitals rather than doing nothing To summarize looking at some of the arguments that non free healthcare supporters are presenting make us question the motive behind their disapproval of the free system. At the end of the day don't they think that having something is much better than having nothing Waiting for a doctor for 14 weeks is better than not seeing him at all or at least this is what I think. The Saudi law in its 27th article stats The state shall guarantee the right of its citizens and their families in an emergency of in case of disease disability and old age. Likewise it shall support the social security system and encourage individuals and institutions to contribute to charitable pursuits I strongly believe that the government should take care of its citizens at all times and under any circumstances.
