Visiting two different countries rooms which are the early American room and the Syria Lebanon room made me think some similarities and differences. In fact these two rooms have differences more than similarities. This is because my point of view as I observed them was that how differently I felt depending on which room I was in. There are some categories ceiling structure material which was used for floor general decoration and special construction. First when I just entered the Syria Lebanon room most of characteristics in the room made me feel very strange. This is because their cultural background is totally different from mine. For example very high ceiling gave a feeling that I was in the big cattle even though the room was very mall. Another thing that I felt so was a decorative technique which was consisted of on wall and a table. Generally the room was very brilliant because a light and some flourishes on wall were made by beautiful color glasses and gold metals. On the other hand after finishing observing the Syria Lebanon room I was in very different room from the room that I visited first. It was the early American room. When I open the door of the room I could be comfortable because most of designs were very familiar with me. For example appropriate ceiling height and wood floor structure made me feel as I stayed at home in my country. Because a table chairs and even kitchen are very alike to my countries' I could get used to staying the room quickly. In addition the decoration technique was very simple in other word the room does not have complex designs. Although these two rooms are very different it is true that each room has very essential stories. However I was likely to feel more comfortable to the early American room than the Syria Lebanon room. This is because of my cultural background. If I have a chance to visit anther room I will observe something different from my country. Hopefully I will be able to feel less strange about the Syria Lebanon room.
