People are being killed all over the world every day these causes are various but disease is the first reason throughout the world. According to Engeler 2008 heart ailments infectious diseases and cancer are the worlds' top three killers. Therefore health care should be provided by the government to save people's lives. First health care is one of the most important duties of the government. People have some obligations to their country. For example there are four obligations in my country Korea such as obligatory military service a legal obligation to pay one's taxes responsibility of education obligatory labor service. As people have some duties to their country the government also has obligations to its people. One of them is health care because it is crucial. Therefore health care is provided partially by the government in my country Korea. However it is provided totally by the government in Saudi Arabia. Second health care is provided by the government because the cost is very high. A lot of people do not go to the hospital because of the high costs and this can bring about a result of dangerous diseases. For example just a few years ago many Korean died because they just had no money to pay for their hospital fee. The government did not provide health care by then. In addition when my family came to the US we realized that in the US hospital fees are very high. After we went to the hospital that hospital sent us the bill. The cost is about three times more than in my country. Even though we have a health insurance we hesitate to go to the hospital. One of the reasons is the cost. Last health care helps prevent serious disease. There are a lot of serious diseases such as AIDS or various cancers. If these are found at the beginning of a disease a lot of lives could be saved. In addition there are lots of extremely contagious diseases designated by law such as cholera the measles diphtheria chicken pox. Can you imagine what will be happen if health care is not provided We can watch on TV that many children who live in less developed countries are dying every day. Because of the seriousness of such diseases preventive inoculation is obligatory in my country. In conclusion every people pursue healthy lives. Therefore the government should provide health care to its people because it is one of the most important duties of the government its cost is very high and it helps prevent serious diseases.
