Topic Is competition important for student Should we have to eliminate competitive custom in schools The world is changing and so is post secondary education. Access to learning opportunities is greater now than at any previous time Rosenberg 2000 Voorhees 2001 . It is very important topic in late decade because some parents argue that their children are painful from school. However the rest of those parents underlie their children to be in a school which has highest competitive because they believe that their children would gain more benefit from this school than another. Developing student learning competition is played crucial role in education system. Therefore measuring improving and providing direction are the results that why students should be familiar with competition. It is said that competition in school is harmful to student. Some students feel uncomfortable even gotten sick because of high competitive pressure from a class. They claim that they spend their time to study longer than their parent do on working. For example majority of worker work for eight hours a day and five days a week but student have to study in a school for eight hours a day and five days a week plus extra classes such as extra course for Mathematics English Chemistry and etc. On weekend at least six hours a week. They study hard in order to get into a reputation school. Moreover even though student could get into the famous schools they would pressure from their class mates who are also good at study. It seems student's lives are not easy as what they think. Nevertheless in the real life after graduate life is much harder than the student do today. Firstly competition can measure student achievement. Some students have never known how well or bad they are because they are usually evaluated by criteria based cut grade and had never been compared with other students in a class. Let's use Thai educational system as an example Thai elementary school and high school has graded student by using criteria based cut which graded student from corrected points that student done on a test. Thus student is not necessary to care about how their class mates' points are. As the result of this point many students would get in trouble when they pass to study in colleges or Universities. For instance many freshmen get a low score because most of subjects in undergrad level classes are concerned about professional educations which are graded student by group based cut grade. Consequently not only do the students pay all attention on the material in the class but also they have to know how well their class mates are if they would like to gain a good score. Secondly competitive environment will improve students' learning skill. Belfield said Competition may improve out comes by raising test score. 2003 . A class atmosphere consciously influence study idea and develop effectively critical thinking skill better than doing alone because of interacting with other students who are good at study. So they have to enhance their skill to against their peers. For example many students are graded which based on the group's scores. In this case students must be inevitably forced to do the test as well as they can because students cannot know how good they do will meet the average or highest score. Likewise work with students who are high or the same knowledge will develop effective critical thinking skill. For example student probably would know only one way to solve the problem if they did not work in groups. Finally Competition provides a direction of working life. In working life workers are automatically competed with another when they are looking for a job because there are millions of new workers who graduated from university each year. Since a number of unemployment is higher than available jobs in labor markets new workers need to have a strong strengthen to get a job. Also getting in reputation companies is just a first step which is hard as working as in those companies. For instance I used to work in the number one of Real Estate Development Company in Thailand. At first I though the hard one is how to get in this company but the fact that is not because I do not only do my best on my duties but also enhance my working skill by taking some courses and gain more another degree. If not I would have been fired due to there are thousands workforces who would like to play role in my position. Thus if we learn how to compete when we study it will more easy to be accustomed in the working life. In conclusion in order to be success in life student should be get accustomed with competition. Measuring improving and providing direction is important part of competition that we completely take in consideration. Recently many countries realized that competition is played a crucial role in the global education. They impose some placement tests which graded students by competition such as Entrance Test the test which provides for high school students who would like to get into private Universities. Also governments provide scholarships to influence students for students who are the best candidates. In term of global education most countries agree with the student exchange programs which send their students to learn and compete with other foreigner students. These are implicit that competition is very important and settle down in every culture. References Rosenberg M. J. 2000 . E Learning Strategies for Delivering Knowledge in the Digital Age. New York McGraw Hill. Voorhees R. A. 2001 . Measuring What Matters Competency Based Learning Models in Higher Education. New Directions for Institutional Research. San Francisco Jossey Bass. Belfield C. R. January 2003 The Effects of Competition on Educational Outcomes. Available at ANON URLPAGE.
