Salsa Is the Best Way to Have Fun! Isn't it boring that you go to the same place every time you want to have fun or spend a night out Isn't tedious that you meet the same people every time you go out Some people are out of ways to have fun therefore they tend to do the same thing every time they go out. Are you looking for something new to do and you don't know what to choose Many people plan their parties ahead of time in order not to mess up their weekend or their time of pleasure. In many cases they end up doing the same thing everytime they want to party. Although there are many ways people can do for pleasure salsa dancing is the best way. Dancing itself is well known to help reduce the stress increase energy and improve endurance and strength. However salsa dancing provide these advantages and much more. It helps imporve the coordination between the mind and muscle exercise that is associated with fun and pleasure socialize with people and encourage the poise and the music is fantastic and is one of the few hobbies that couples can do together. Salsa is not the dance in which everybody can perform random movements and shake different parts of his or her body and call it a dance. It is a dance in which the dancer should follow a specific pattern of the movements and well organized steps. Moreover this well specific pattern and the well organized steps must be performed in rythem with the beat of the music. The lady and the man should both listen to the beat while the music is being played. The man should lead the lady to the move he want her to do and the lady should respond to his lead and both of them should do it while following the beat of the music. In this way they use their sense of hearing concurrently with the movements they perform and this would make the mind activity well coordinated with the body movement. It is not only this listening to the music while dancing makes completely immersed in the fun which absolutely help to mix the exercise with the fun. So dancers are exercising while they are not aware of it. On the other hand salsa helps people meet more people. With Salsa nobody can dance alone. With Every time a dancer wants to dance they have to have partner to dance with. One can dance with as many as people they want and get the cance to socialize with a different person with every song. This way one can find his or her way to meet new people and make new friends and be sure that every tim he or she wants to have fun there will be some new people to meet. Socializing with people helps build one's confidence and courage as they talk and tell stories and exchange each other's experiences. One of the best things about salsa is that the music is fantastic and romatic. The lyrics talk about love and romance which makes the best thing to do for a couple who loves to spend a night out. While in many situations the man hangs out with his guys and the lady with her friends salsa could best way for them to be together and having fun together. A counter argument to this could be that salsa is a difficult dance to learn not anyone can dance it. But I think that learning salsa is part of the fun one can enjoy learning salsa while they socialize with people who are learning at the same time and a couple could start learning together and have fun. Another point of argument could be that after some time of dancing you will find your self doing the same thing every time you go out but this completely wrong. When people start to dance salsa they begin with the basic steps. Then they move to another steps that are a little harder than the first ones. Then keep on progressing in the steps until they become intermidiate dancers or end up doing complicated moves. So every time one go to dance he or she can find another move to do so he she would still have something new to do. Even the professional dancers and intructor always develop new moves and techniques. This is the secret that makes the salsa fun. In conclusion salsa is one of the best ways to have fun. In many way it could be beneficial or suitable for those who like to find new things to have fun. Considering it is not a waste of time as it has health and social benefits.
