One of the most significant problems is crime in a society. Almost everyday we can come across different crime news on TV and in newspapers. Big amount of these events are caused by non educated people. On the other hand these people can be educated also. In my opinion the increasing of crime events can be reduced by educating children in a family to solve the problem from its root and by making people conscious through social events in a social life First the most significant role belongs to parents. Because a child grows with parents in which a child starts the first school. A child is like an empty disc and ready to be written on it or a child looks like an unused white paper that is waiting to be written on. If we write such a good things on the paper it behaves like a mirror and reflects good things from inside. Otherwise a child might be a potential criminal who can easily affect to society life negatively in the future. For instance a child might be given information about how bad it is to kill a bird or an ant which are normally might be attempted by a child. Parents might choose some specific books in which there might included killing a bird story and how a bad result then happened. This methodology can work on a child reliably. Because obviously if a child even does not attempt to kill a bird how s he can kill a person Second the big role belongs to social foundations that are responsible to organize open public events. Because a crime is generally committed by people who feel in a space in a life. These kinds of people generally do not have a job as well. This truths make us to think about how we rescue these people from a space and gain. Then how can we tie them to the life firmly to make them good and productive people of society. It is definite that these kinds of people have endured since we have gained them. Social foundations should act like a mother to attract them. First of all foundations can start with serving food to them. This takes a long and should be often to make them feel and think about foundation is like their home. Then after a certain time the foundation should show another hand in which there are information that send signals to their brain to know how crime is bad and how the real life is well. These activities' scope should be expanded to entertainments and fun activities. In my opinion this process is not very easy as I mentioned. But it can work and is worth to try. Otherwise the situation which exists will obviously continue by increasing tremendously In conclusion the solution to crime problems first depends strongly on education in a family and second it depends heavily on social events and programs. If families and social foundations do not do their crucial responsibilities it is not difficult to anticipate that in the near future the problem will be increased easily.
