Why the drinking age should or should not be lowered to 18 There are arguments between two teams in the United States for lowering or keeping the drinking age at twenty one. In the United States a person can marry vote and join the military at eighteen but she he is not able to drink alcohol. The debate is based on why rights of teenagers are not at the same level with teenagers any person who can fight in the military should be able to control in his herself. Probably the drinking law is arbitrary but from my perspective right now the United States is reaping the results of this law because these results created proponents also have effects on reality. I completely agree that the drinking age should not be lowered to eighteen because there are many positive factors that generate from this decision such as decreasing motor vehicle accidents positive effects on health and economical and social effects. First of all an important reason for keeping the drinking law at twenty one is to decrease motor vehicle accidents. When a person reaches eighteen years she he can take many responsibilities and probably gained some of them when she he was under eighteen but she he quickly loses awareness as soon as she he drinks a lot of alcohol. Cloud 2008 in 2006 there 2121 people whose ages were from sixteen to twenty died in alcohol related fatalities on U. S roads according to data that were given for him by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration while there were 4612 in 1984. On the other side not all driving problems are related to drinking of course there are many causes such as speed limit not using a safety belt etc but when a person drinks alcohol and drives he typically fails to buckle up and runs over the speed limit. Therefore the drinking law was put to protect people. Second this argument should not be based on responsibilities but also on health since alcohol has crucial effects on the brain and the body. When teenagers drink alcohol under twenty years old their brain is not fully developed. Also alcohol causes many diseases on all ages for example alcohol causes physical and behavioral abnormalities in the fetus blood pressure heart disease etc. As I think unlike water or food alcohol is absorbed directly into blood and alcohol sometimes has dangerous substances that affect health directly. The opposites say that alcohol is used in medication and they also think that drinkers who drink in moderation have better health than either abstainers or heavy drinkers. Probably they are right but young people consume a large amount of alcohol in a short time and they are not aware of what they do than others shots cause death or kill another person. According to Alan 2008 1 400 college students die each year from alcohol related injuries and there 70 000 students are victims of alcohol related sexual assaults each year . These awful numbers give signs of size of this problem among college students. Next alcohol has direct and indirect effects on economy and society direct effects are such as treatment services that families or governments provide and damages to public and private properties. Indirect effects are such as loss of life and production. Traffic accidents cause loss of billions of dollars each year which includes physical and health costs. Moreover traffic accidents cause death to thousands of people. According to the National Institute on Alcohol and Alcoholism NIAAA demonstrated there more than 132 000 persons in the United States died in 1992 because of alcohol. The estimated costs of those deaths were 44. 9 Billion. Opposites in the other side say these studies are not related to the drinking age and the economy will benefit from taxes. Probably this is right to some extent but every teen has a friend who is older than him or her and this friend buys for him her what he she wants. In conclusion despite the existence of the drinking law but a lot of teenagers violate it some families allow their kids to drink alcohol under their supervision. It is not a big deal for them to drink alcohol under parents' supervision but this supports them to break down any law. I completely believe when the two teams agree that the drinking age should be lowered to eighteen we will find another team requesting that the drinking age should be lowered to fifteen or sixteen. Lowering the drinking age makes more teenagers drink more and more based on this decision will appear many serious issues that have effects on the lives economy and health of people. References 1 Cloud J. 2008 Jun o6 . Time Should the Drinking Age Be Lowered 2 Alan J . The Drinking Age A Spirited Debate. 2008 29 August. Http ANON URLPAGE. 3 United States. National Institute on Alcohol and Alcoholism NIAAA . The Economic Costs of Alcohol and Drug Abuse in United States 1992 Http ANON URLPAGE. Nih . Gov econmiccosts Chapter 1. Html
