Humans were always interested in how to reproduce human's images. Many years ago people started to look for methods to make moving pictures. Some people believe that people's shadows in the caves that were cast from the fire were the first example of alternative moving images. To mention things closer to really modern movie we should talk about several illusion machines that were invented at the beginning of 19th Century. In Wikipedia we can find a description of these simple optical devices that could show moving images. The invention of photography in the 19th Century was a first step toward real movies. In fact in 1895 the first movies were shown in Paris. They were directed by the French brothers Lumi be Anyway regardless of who the inventor was people appreciated it and went along with this invention. The Era of cinematography began. The very first movies were short black and white and silent. Through the years the silent movie got sound and later was transformed into color film. The silent movie sound movie and color movie can be credited as three principal phases of the formation of the modern well known current movie. The silent movie was a great phenomenon in the art world. The Golden Age of the silent movie fell between 1916 1928s. Even nowadays there are thousands of admirers of the silent movie. Actually the silent movie was never really silent the films were always accompanied with music usually with live music. This was a very special movie style. Because of the lack of sound and consequently speeches these movies needed from actors very strong expressive gestures emotions and body language in order to be understandable. It was an international language clear to everyone. The silent movies were made in different countries. Wherever it was created people were able to feel and understand it. One of the most famous actor and director of silent films was Charlie Chaplin. The unusual image of naive good natured character created by Charlie Chaplin was known and loved all over the world. According to Professor ANON_NAME_0 E. Yahnke even when the era of the silent movie was finished and made way for sound movies Chaplin kept on making silent films. Charlie Chaplin believed that sound movies do not have the merits that have silent movies. Nevertheless silent films could not compete with sound films. In the thirties the era of silent movies ended. The appearance of sound movies was a very spectacular event. First of all it was interpreted in different ways. Some people supposed that the sound movie killed the art of the silent movie. Films acquired sound but lost something very important. For a long time some actors and directors as Charlie Chaplin for example did not want to go along with the new invention. Some of them never did it. Another problem was that actors wanted to act in the sound films but were not able to do it. This movie needed different actor talents such as the actor's voice and good pronunciation. In this case a lot of good actors of silent movies did not have their place in sound movies. However other people especially the public accepted the new invention with great enthusiasm. As soon as synchronizing movies with sound was possible directors started to create new films. The first of them included just music numbers and was not very successful. The first film with real speech was named The Jazz Singer 1927 and has a big success. The public did not pay to watch a silent film any more they wanted to watch new sound films named as talking pictures . Movie companies in order to not lose money forgot about making silent movies. The future cinematography was correlated only with the sound movie. The first emergence of the color movie did not draw a wide response as the sound movie did. Before the device for making the color movie was invented creators painted their movies by hand. According to Wikipedia previously mentioned Thomas Alva Edison in 1895 hand painted his silent films. Very popular was the method when an artist painted not all film but just some details in order to emphasize them. However really color films were made much later between 1935 1940s. Historians of the movie even now can exactly indicate the first real color film. In fact one of the first and most successful color films was Gone with the wind 1939 . Even if the appearance of color in the movie was met by the public quietly this invention was very important for future cinematography. All big American and European movie companies very soon bought the equipment for making color movies even though it was very expensive. They understood very clearly that the era of the black and white movie ended. The color movie has predominated until the present. Today we can not imagine our life without movies. The modern movie has a very complex and interesting history. Starting as very short silent films it does not stop developing even nowadays. The newest technologies such as computer and digital camera have given the movie new enormous potential. Who knows what the movie will be like in fifty years. We can just guess. However we can be sure that it will still be the very significant part of our life.
