Smoking should be prohibited for people under 18. Nowadays smoking becomes vaster rather than before and consequence of this habit start to appear more and more. For that people have concerned about prohibiting smoking for people under 18 because their lungs are still too young and they are growing smoking can prevent the regular process of lung growth. In addition it is the first step for learning another bad habit might be let them start with dangerous things such as marioana and cammabis. The question is how to regulate and ban this serious problem Smoking causes many harmful diseases like lung cancer heart attacks high blood pressure and chronic disease and can lead to birth effects. The crucial problem is that when people smoke more and more their body will get addicted and later they reach to a stage where they can't resist smoking and they will continue to smoke almost without break. This essay will focus on some factors that people have to follow to protect their children from smoking. Everyone knows that children are the future generation. Therefore we have to take care of them by watching and following them. There are some factors should parents follow to protect their children the parents are the best way for advising their children in this kind of unethical habit children always need guide ness children are easy target for many other bad people children mimic from other children what they see. In this case government has to regulate this issue which is prohibiting smoking by establishing rules or laws. For example the government has to prosecute anybody who is under 18 and even anyone who smoke in public place or in other place. However government has to involve parents in this situation to make them feel responsible for their children. Additionally school has to prevent their students from and provide rules for students to give up this problem or at least decrease it. Moreover in Pennsylvania restaurants with seating capacities of 75 or more shall provide smoking and non smoking areas reasonably calculated to address the needs of their clientele. The size of the smoking area may be increased or decreased by the proprietor or person in charge according to need. Restaurants with fewer than 75 seats shall either provide a non smoking section or post a notice at each entrance stating that there is no smoking policy. Campaign against smoking in public places 2006 . A ban on smoking at workplaces shopping areas and trains did not seem to affect children. The children were also exposed to lesser exposure as a result of higher taxes on tobacco products. A total ban on smoking in public places is expected to have higher adverse effects on children belonging to the low income groups. In the United Kingdom for example people complain about the health service. Every day about 1000 patients are admitted into hospital because of smoking related illnesses. Just imagine how many beds it would free up if there would be no smokers anymore. I know that if they would stop smoking that it would not immediately make things better but eventually it would. What if children begin to smoke as well you can imagine the size of the problem. I think that smoking should be banned. I think that secondhand smoke can be very harmful smoking is unhealthy and smoking is very addictive. Secondhand smoke can be as worse than smoking. Smoking for children under 18 should be banned completely. Not only smoking but also any form of tobacco is dangerous to their health. Passive smoking or second hand smoker has deleterious effects on the respiratory health of infants or children. From my point of view health benefits for children can be achieved by providing immense efforts to discourage parents from smoking. References 1. Couriel TM. Passive smoking and the health of children. Thorax 1994 49 731 4 2. Smoking restrictions in United States 2006 retrieved from ANON URLPAGE. 3. Bio Medicine organizations 2003 ANON URLPAGE
