Now the drinking age doesn't matter for me because I'm over 21 year olds. When I was 18 the drinking age in Thailand was 18 years but in the same year the legal was changing to 21 year olds. Since I started to drink when I was 18 and then I have to stop because of the law and I drank again when I was 21. For me age is not a cause of any problems from drink alcohol. In my opinion the drinking age should be lowered to 18. First of all age can't guarantee that if you are 21 you will have more ability to drink than 18. Either you are 18 or 21 your first time drinking are not different. At the first time of drinking nobody known how much they can drink so start at 18 or 21 are the same because if they drink over their ability both can make troubles. When I was 18 I started drinking with my dad. He taught me that I have to control myself while drinking and don't drink until drunk. Then when I was 21 I drank with my friends in the college. That was the first time of some of them they were so drunk and annoyed people around. Which means that the age doesn't matter if you can't control yourself. Second at the age of eighteen people are considered as adults they able to drive vote smoke enlist in the military etc. But why don't they able to drink According to Dan Levine If you can toss a grenade you should certainly be able to toss back a shot of tequila. Levine 2002 . Moreover the 18 people have a right to make decisions they start working and they can find some money by themselves. Since they have a right to do many important things they should have a right to drink too. For example people in the military should be considered adults and have more responsibility when compare with people drinking. Next is a social activity. Most of freshmen in the college are 18 year olds. After school they need to go to some places to meet up have dinner listen to music with their friends but they can't because many pub and restaurant are not allowed. Most of restaurants are close at 9. 00 Pm. After that time is not easy to find something to eat excepted at pub and restaurant . This is the reason that some students they faked ID to access pub and restaurant. It's cause more social problems because those people done an illegal thing. All in all the drinking age should be lowered to 18 because age is not the cause of alcohol problems such as drunk driven. It's depend on responsibility and drinking ability. If you don't know how strong you are whether 18 or 21 you can cause many troubles. Reference Levine Dan. A Legal Drinking Age of 21 Does Not Reduce Drunk Driving. Drunk Driving. Ed. James Haley. San Diego Greenhaven Press 2002.
