Public transportation in Korea Public transportation is a big aspect of most Korean's life. According to one ESL teacher in Korea All Korean cities and most towns with more than about 50 000 people have well developed public transit systems. Asia Pacific Connections 2000 2008 . Because it is developed very well many people rely on the system. Actually people can go everywhere such as amusement parks department stores and castles by public transportation. Due to this factor people who are supposed to go to Korea should know about the system. There are five kinds of major transits in Korea airplane train bus subway and taxi. First airplanes are crucial transportation to go to a far place. There are 103 airports and four airlines. Because Korea is a small land if people take an airplane to go to their destination it takes less than 1 hour. However people need to pay attention about prohibited stuff like much amount of liquid and get to there earlier than their departing time. Trains are also good for going a long distance. Besides a train fee is much cheaper than airplane's one. Moreover high speed service which is called KTX is available. It is so fast that people can go from the Northern part of Korea to the Southern part of Korea in approximately two hours. Of course there are other intercity services such as Saemaeul ho Mugunghwa ho and Tonggeun. The costs for these services are cheaper than KTX but they are also fast enough. Besides a train trip has the special mood which is exciting for children and romantic for lovers. As a result lots of families and couples ride it on. Next buses are one of the widespread methods of transportation. Buses have two categories such as regional services and local services. The regional services are similar to the grayhound in the states. Lots of people use them because those are cheaper than trains and have so many lines and time tables. Because the train services are concentrated to some big cities people who want to go to a rural place of Korea should choose the bus services. There are also local services in each city even if it is very rural place. There are a lot of lines and come to bus stops very often. They also have arriving announcing system to let people know when certain bus comes. A subway is considerable transportation in some cities. Like other countries only the six largest cities have the subway system. Especially in Seoul the subway system which is composed of nine lines reaches every corner of the city. What is more because the subway comes to station frequently and doesn't need to worry about traffic jam people get to their destination in time. One of the best things is that they don't need to pay again when they transfer transportation such as between subways subway and bus and even between buses. Due to the transfer system it can be a pretty cheap transportation. Finally a taxi is a method not expensive but convenient. In my case when I hung out with my friends if our number was more than three we took a taxi because it cost almost the same as taking a bus. In addition people don't need to call a taxi because there are so many valid taxis on the road. Especially at deep night people usually take it because the bus and the subway services stop running at that time. Although a lot of people use public transportation the number of car increases steadily in Korea. As a consequence traffic jams and air pollution are the results. Using public transportation can be a solution to solve these problems. And people don't need to think that it isn't convenient thing anymore. It is not only useful but also cheap. If people use public transportation more often Korea is a place which most people would want to live obviously.
