The more you dress nicely the more people will treat you nicely. Every one might have at least one experience during the life time treated differently only because of the different clothes they wore. You might have been treated more cautiously by employee in department store needless to say in restaurant salon if you were dressed up. The employee there might have provide more service when you dressed up compare to wearing jeans and sneakers or wearing a sports wear. Treated differently doesn't happen only in service area but also in daily life spot such as at bus stop or at school. People might give you a seat or make you go first getting on the bus. As you can see dressing up plays an important role in life. You may look higher positioned person or you may give a favorable impression by wearing neatly or professionally. Since clothes are no longer only for hiding body one purpose for clothing has been 'showing item'. A lot of people estimate person from their outfit. This usually happens in the place that you meet someone as customer. In hair salon for example the hair designer might be more polite and ask the customer who dressed up fashionably more specifically about the style they want to be cut because he or she may think they are much interested in fashion and trend. He or she might think the customer would really care about the hair too and easily get upset if the hair cut is not satisfying to them. So the designer will be considerable in cutting hair when the customer dresses up nice. Also in department store imagine there comes customer with a pajama dress lose pants with large T shirt and another customer who are dressed up with neat jacket and skinny jean with a fancy sunglasses with a purse. Who would more look like more buyable customer Clerk at the department store might ignore the first customer because he or she doesn't looks like someone who came to buy their products they may look like a person who just came out from house to just roar around the department store. On the other hand the second customer looks neat and nice they would probably look like they need something in that department store. Therefore the clerk at the department store wants to catch the customer to buy their product and would be nice to them to make them purchase something. How about in restaurants If you dress up looking wealthy it helps to have more services in restaurants. The waitress or waits gets a tip and if you dress up nice they might expect you as a wealthy person to give you a good tip. So they might treat you as a high positioned person and give a v. I. P service. In this case it isn't necessary to wear expensive clothes to look like you are expensive person. Dressing in restaurant nicely doesn't mean you have to wear Armani suit with Hermes shoes neither Chanel suit with Jimichoo high heels. There are so many alternative cheap clothes for the luxury clothes. Even there is a magazine that compares two pictures of outfits looking similar but distinctly different with price high and low. It is not important how much you spend for your clothes but how well you matched it and how proper it is for the situation and lastly how nice it looks with you. Waitress or waits at restaurant may not notice whether you wore Gucci jacket or Guess jacket. Another situation that clothes effect nicer opinion toward the person takes places at formal situations such as a job interview or a meeting with professor. Clothes play important roles in a job interview. Clothes represent the personal characteristics. Person who has a good sense in clothes may be esteemed to have good sense in working. Person who dressed up neat might give a neat impression to the boss and might esteemed to work neatly. Clothes give a impression to a person who you met for the first time. Also you can show your respect by your clothes. For example when you go to see a professor as a student it is better to dress neat or formal. One of my friends had an experience when she was in college. She dressed up a ripped jeans and T shirt and ended up to rejected from meeting professor because of her improper clothes. Clothes might affect stranger's nice behavior moreover they affect negative behavior too. Comparing with official situation treated differently by the outfit takes place in unofficial places. Clubs and night clubs are the place which requires nicely dressed up. If you wear a slippers and T shirt you may not be allowed to enter the night clubs. If you want to enter the night club or club it is important to dress up. Night clubs and clubs are entertainment places and a lot of people meet for the first time. Thus the main purpose in there is to attract people by your outfit clothing nicely is really important. Treated nicely because of the outfits also take places at daily life usually when you are requiring something from strangers. At bus stop at the first day in school when you are asking people at the street it happens every where every time. Judging somebody by there outfits are a natural instinct same as men like beautiful women. Most people are visual these days and they have a strong tendency to be kind to a person who looks nice. First impression of the person is coming from their looks. One's factor to make a person looks nice is their attire. When a stranger asks you a question on the middle of the street how would you affect If the stranger is wearing shaggy clothes you may assume he or she to be a bagger or dangerous person so you might keep walk or pretend you are busy. On the contrast when somebody dressed up well comes to you and ask something firstly you might have a favorable impression and might think he or she needs a help and you might willing to help them. It may sound inhumanity but it is human's nature. Every human are visualized. Furthermore celebrities in the movies and TV shows have influenced people to be more interested in outfits. Most of the celebrities have a clothing coordinator to dress up really nice. As a result most of celebrities wear trendy clothes. They look perfect and give a big affect to make people to follow them dress like that. People might give disrespect for the people who do not dress up trendy or ignore them. People affected by the trendy style celebrities wore have a tendency to like people who wear like celebrities and tendency to ignore who is out of trend. So for people like those treat people oppositely from his or her look. It is a trend to have a nice impression from person's outfit in this visualized century. People admire more beautiful and fancier objects. Fashion is becoming popular. Even men are showing interests in clothes than before. They are more interest in making up and trends. For example David beckham made a new trend in fashion for men called 'metro sexual. Since the metro sexual have appeared the fashion among men had been more popular. It is clear that people love nice looking clothes and might judge person from the clothes. The nicer you wear the nicer you will be treated is taking place in formal place to daily life.
