School uniforms Many schools are mandating and enforcing school uniforms for their students. School uniforms become a new argument in the most schools around the world. Students have to accept them or not depend on which school they are. I think students should wear school uniforms instead of the ordinary clothes. Despite this argument for schools some people might argue that the students should not wear school uniforms. They have many reasons to prove that. First students have their rights to wear anything they want. To force them to wear uniforms in schools are a violation of their students' rights. Also the livable degree between the students is different. If the sponsor cannot afford uniforms for their children they won't be able to go to school. So the sponsor has to spend much money in clothes instead of food or necessary things they need. In addition students especially teens need to assert their personality. With the opportunity to wear anything the sponsor and the administration can know more about the student's desire. Finally these people against the school uniforms and they have their own reasons to believe that. On the other hand many people and I agree with mandatory of the school uniforms. They also have their reasons. First There is no discrimination between the students. School uniforms build a sense of unity in schools. All students have the same clothes so it would be easy to identify them in any place. For example if they are kidnapped it will be easier to describe the students to the police to recognize them. In addition school uniforms make the violence less preventable by eliminating one major warning sign. For example the uniforms control the gang in the schools and reduce their power on the rip students. Due to impose school uniforms the sponsor doesn't have to think about new clothes for their children. For example the sponsor can offer tow or three uniforms to their children at the whole semester so no need to spend money every month. In conclusion today school uniforms still make argument to accept them or not. I think the administrators in schools have to implement policies to achieve the environmental organized school by unifying the school uniforms.
