Drinking age Alcohol consumption by teenagers is considered one of the problems in many countries. That is because when teenagers consume alcohol they might cause a lot of problems such as traffic accidents. In the United States by the age of eighteen one could join military services vote and can drive a car but the United States current legal drinking age is twenty one. Whether the drinking age should be lowered to eighteen or not is a controversial issue. On the one hand there is a group of people who argue that the current United States legal drinking age should not be lowered to eighteen. That is because someone at twenty one will develop more skills in making correct judgment calls and eighteen years old is not mature enough to handle the drinking limits the body can take. Also young people might get themselves into trouble with drinking and driving. However Three years is not a big difference in terms of time but it gives a person three more years to mature. Furthermore alcohol causes adolescent injuries may be due to drinking and driving adds an increased rate of other risk. DiClemente et al 2001 p. 1363 1368 . On the other hand there are many people who believe that the age to legally be able to purchase consume or possess alcohol should be lowered to eighteen because young people at the age of eighteen are legally considered as an adult. In addition by the age of eighteen people are allowed to vote drive and die for his or her country. Moreover when drinking is legal some argue it takes place in the open where it can be supervised. In contrast when drinking is illegal before twenty one it was simply moved underground to homes or cars basements where no 0ne could observe them. Moreover teenagers may be like to drink alcohol as a result of not being allowed to do that PA State Legislatures 34. 6. 2008 Pp11 . That is why if the drinking age is reduced to eighteen teenagers will not think about alcohol as a banned fruit but may deal with it as adults do. Furthermore people between eighteen and twenty one year might compare themselves with the same age group in Europe where they can drink by the age of eighteen or even by the age of sixteen in some countries. In conclusion when drinking is legal it takes place in the open where it can be supervised by police and family. Moreover by the age of eighteen one allowed to vote join the military pay tax and die for his or her country and is generally considered an adult. In my opinion unless there is scientific evidence that shows that below the age of twenty one drinking can be harmful for body or causes health or social problems people who reach eighteen might be allowed to drink but there should be regulations. Bibliography State Legislatures 34. 6 June 2008 Drinking While Young. Trends and Transition . Academic One file. Gale. University of Pittsburgh Libraries. Pp 11. National Conference of State Legislatures. DiClemente R. J. Wingood R. M. Crosby R. Sionean C. Cobb B. K. Harrington K. Davies E. W. Hook 3rd and M. K. 2001 Oh parental monitoring Association with adolescents' risk behaviors Pediatrics 107 pp. 1363 1368.
