Transportation According to Wikipedia transportation is the movement of people and goods from one place to another . In the past people suffered from transferring or moving from one place to another. The problem actually expanded to shipping of goods or wares. Shortage of transportation facilities was the principal problem at that time. Now because the technology is different the transportation can be classified into three categories Land transportation Air transportation and Water transportation. Land transportation is one of the most common sorts of transportation. This kind of transportation has diverse ways. On other words any moving over the land weather by feet or by using other kinds of vehicles is considered as a land transportation. Actually our daily works and tasks rely on land transportation that is why this type is the most prevalent. Land transportation is usually less than other types in cost consequently most people attracted by land transportation. Further more it is more safety in comparison with air or water transportation. Second type of transportation is air transportation. This type is relevant to people who need to transfer from one place to another in far destination. For instance the people who used this type usually tourists business people or others who have another reasons for using air transportation. Air plane is the only example for air transportation. Therefore this type is so expensive. Fortunately increasing the competitions between the companies that are marketing of air plane lead to lowering in the prices of air plane tickets but it is still expensive than other types. The last category is water transportation. This is important too but it is less important than land or water transportation. It is related to moving of considerable size of goods and and transferring of people as well. For instance high valuable resources have been using this type such as oils. This type has low safety than other types due to direct exposure to winds. The advantage of this type is the cost especially for people who are looking for long destination because it is less expensive than air transportation. In conclusion the fast advancement of technology especially that are interested in transportation led to existing of different types of transportation like land transportation air transportation as well as water transportation. It can be seen the differences among all of these types in cost and safety.
