Classification of Music Every day we hear music on TV radio and mp3 player. People listen to music on the way to work in their car. From ancient day to today people delight in singing a song. We can find many historical events or records about the music which people enjoyed. People want to tell about their emotion or situation and music is one of the ways to express it. We can feel lots of the different impressions about music such as love tragedy celebration criticism and so on. Music may be used for artistic or aesthetic communicative entertainment ceremonial or religious purposes and by many composers purely as an academic instrument for study ANON_URLSPAGE_. As every person has different emotion and music has been used for various purposes there are many kind of music. So what kind of music is there The music can be classified into four types Classical music Rock Pop and Hip Hop and R B. The first type classical music has a long history. Music has been around for thousands of years. We can find the origins of musical notation and the activities about music nearly 700 years ago. Nowadays everyone can enjoy any type of music. However in the past people who were included in high level were able to enjoy classical music. The classical music was limited only to particular people. By eliminating people's level there was no more particular level to listen to the music. Because of it people try to listen more and to make new genre of the music. So now the classical music can be classified by chamber music opera and symphony. The new age music is also included in the classical music. The next type is rock. Rock music is based on vocal electronic guitar bass guitar and drum. When we imagine rock music we can think about loud. Rock music includes heavy metal pop metal punk rock and alternative rock. At the beginning of rock they wanted to demonstrate joy or excitement. And the next period some of rock band wanted to tell their resistance for the society with their music. The Rockers represent the freedom by their music because of it they make people to be happy. There are many masters of rock music who are Elvis Preadley Beetles Rollin' stones Metallica and so on. They are respected as a model musician still now ignoring particular level region and race. The third type of music is pop music. It is really popular music. People want to find various and typical music that satisfies their feeling and is also easy to listen to. This music is not just in particular region but it's popular in all over the world. When people were listening this kind of music more and more the world stars appeared. There is no limit to listen pop music even if the person is grandfather. The last type hip hop and R B is very popular in young aged people. The R B rhythm and blues tells people about romance. This music has a special vocal. They sing a song as if they are crying. They talk about love and it's very smooth rhythm. Especially black people originate the hip hop music in the US. They rather focus on the lyric than rhythm. Besides the simple rhythm they express their inside with cynical and aggressive words. Especially they rap straight out whatever is on their mind such as racism or social irregularities. Sometimes hip hop music is mixed with other genre of music and it becomes to have another attraction to lots of people. Music is one part of our life. We can hear the rhythm in ordinary life. With music the public want to listen to much kind of feelings such as joy excitement sadness and love. When their situations and experiences are reflected in music people feel sympathy and prefer it. Sometimes music can be used for social and political tools. People put their thought in music. Although saying a word can have influence to other people sometimes music is more powerful tool to express their mind. Where words fail music speaks .
