Movies What did you do over the weekend This is a question people usually ask when the week begins. The answer for that question will definitely include going to the movies. In fact some people become addicted to movies in a way that a day won't pass without watching at least one movie. The movie industry turned to be a very successful business. This leads to the fact that every day many movies are being produced with different topics and different themes. There are several divisions of movies. The main and most popular categories of movies are action comedy and horror. Some relevant minor divisions are included under these main groups. The first group is action movies. Many kinds of movies can fit under this category for example crime gangster and adventure movies. According to Tim Driks the editor of Film Site website action movies often contain a lot of physical action such as fights and battles. Action movies often require a lot of money to produce. Every action movie needs to have a hero whom the story circles around. James Bond's movies are famous action movie's series that have been watched all over the world for many years. People prefer to watch this kind of movie because they love the sensational feeling adrenaline gives while watching action movies. The rush and excitement causes the action movies lovers to become addicted to them. Another important group is comedy. This kind of movie has a sense of humor that intends to amuse the audiences and make them laugh. Comedy movies could include romance music and thrill. Also they discuss a lot of life issues from a different perspective. They demonstrate the funny parts in life and help people get through day to day life. There are different kinds of comedy movies such as dark or black comedy verbal comedy and screwball. Dark or black comedy usually talks about serious problems in life Problems that can't be discussed in a serious conversation due to its sensitivity. So it converses about these issues from an angle that forces the audience to agree with its point. An example of a black comedy movie is Fargo a movie about solving a perfect crime. This kind of movie is our way out of life stress and complications. They have been made to amuse people and give the relaxation that everyone is seeking. The last group but not the least is horror movies. Horror movies are likely to be combined with science fiction to create monsters or other masteries worlds and creatures. They intend to bring out the audience's worst fears nightmares and doubts. They play on people's wide imagination and release it to create things that don't exist in the real world. Some of the common fears that horror movies rely on are vampires serial killers aliens monsters and the boogeyman. The movie producers use special effects to display horror movies and to capture the worst nightmare you ever had and use it in a movie. A Nightmare on Elm Street is one of the famous horror movies that have been made. As in action movies horror movies attract people who are addicted to the sweet pain the desire to torture themselves. It is the same purpose that makes people ride roller coasters. Movies have lots and lots of groups and forms. These three groups are just a few that most people like to watch. Also action comedy and horror movies include some other small groups that can fit under the same category such as thriller romance and adventure. It is true that some people are addicted to movies but also everyone enjoys a good movie. Movies could be a good and effective way for transferring good values and principles to the next generation. Also it could be used as a weapon to fight bad habits or behaviors in our society such as drugs violent and sexual assault.
