Movies Classification The movie industry is one of the biggest industries in the world. Movies are produced in different countries all over the world. Hundreds of movies are filmed every year. But do those movies from different cultures have something in common Actually yes they do. Movies are classified to different genres which are the same all over the world. According to ANON_NAME_0 Z. And Shah M. Who conducted a study in computer vision lab at University of Central Florida movies could be divided into two main groups action and non action movies. This classification relies on the disturbance of pictures and the duration that each shot lasts. Non action movies which will be illustrated here can be further categorized into three main categories comedy horror and drama. Comedy movies focus on humor and amusing people to make them laugh. In the past some of them were silent movies in which actors delivered the idea of the movie in funny movements without words such as in Slap Happy . This kind does not exist any more. Now comedy movies focus on an aspect of a social problem and show its effects in a funny way. For example Four Christmases is one comedy movie that shows a couple's struggles through their families' opinions. Another movie is called College which demonstrates how students behave during their academic life in college. Although the principal target of comedy movies is to draw a smile on the audience faces they include considerable concepts and life lessons. Horror movies are very distinct from comedy movies. Horror movies are produced to make the audience feel fear and horror. Also the story is presented in a manner which makes the audience anticipate a terrifying consequence. With the help of audio visual modern techniques producers can make the movie look real to stimulate people's feelings. In the past those movies narrated stories about animals such as The Deadly Bees. However movies nowadays mainly show persons with disturbance in their personality or have psychological disorders. One of the famous movies in this group is Psycho. Although the type of horror movies' stories has been changed the purpose of those movies still to make people feel frightened. Drama is one more type of non action movies which is different from comedy and horror movies. In this category of movies the movies vary from showing a particular story from a certain society to an event that involves the entire world. Drama movies typically start with introducing the main characters and then start to show the problem in a manner that may touch the audience's heart and let them feel sorrowful about it. Some of those movies show issues such as drug addiction kidnapping romance and history events. For example the movie Australia in which Nicole Kidman is the main star demonstrates how a widow woman tries to manage her husband's profit after he passed away. Drama movies can have both happy and sad endings. The movie industry is one of the biggest businesses nowadays. Millions of dollars are spent every year to produce movies which match audience interest. But the question is will people continue to be excited about the same genres which we have today As the people interest in movies has changed over time new movie genres may be thought up or invented to satisfy the audience in the future.
