Physical activity should be one of the most important features in our lives. It has been a useful way to improve people's fitness and protect their bodies. It makes them count on themselves to do everything they need. Physical activity provides us skills abilities and many benefits. Physical activity is crucial. It is a must that physical activity be a regular part of the day said Dr. Maureen Dobbins of McMaster University in Ontario Canada. There are many benefits of physical activity such as controlling your weight reducing your risk of cardiovascular disease reducing your risk of some cancer and improving your ability to do daily activities and preventing falls if you're an old adult. I will divide them into three types Running long distance back flexibility and abdominal strength. I preferred these types to indicate the importance and how they protect our body and improve our fitness. These types called physical fitness related health. First of all because we use oxygen during performance running a long distance is aerobic. It is important to improve cardio aspiratory endurance. So that assisting people to count on them selves in daily life because daily live needs movement such as walking during the picnic and taking the stairs. Running long distance improves the respiratory system by increasing the amount of oxygen that is inhaled and distributed to body which assists our body to do everything. In addition to running a long distance back flexibility is important to normal live and continues without problems in our back because most of the people suffer from back pain. The spine is the basis of body. People should strengthen the muscles side of spine and stretch them to protect their spine. The flexibility of the trunk assists the body to lift sit twist bend stand and sleep. So protecting our back is very important to keep our bodies healthy. The 3rd type abdominal strength is very important to keep our bodies health. We should do some exercises such as sit ups. This exercise strengthens the abdominal muscles. When abdominal muscles are very strong we can perform most of the movements and support the back to control trunk motion such as twisting bending jumping and running. Exercising the abdominal muscles should be a part of a daily routine of good health like brushing teeth. We should depend on these three types because they are very necessary and we need back flexibility cardio respiratory and abdominal muscles strength to move easily. We should try to practice these activities keep on and not give up. We can obtain obvious results as a consequence of practicing. Finally we can't separate these types because each of them complements the other.
