With the development of science we have more and more sorts of transportation. At the 15th century people built big ships for long distance voyage. At the start of 20th century American invented the airplane and car. Nowadays someone can even travel to space by spaceship and rocket. Actually we can classify all the methods into three kinds air land and ocean. We lived on the land since we born it is obvious that land transportation is so important for us. Since American Steven invented the train people start to build railway all around the world. Because the train can carry a lot of things in one time and faster than traditional ways train transportation is the most popular way to convey in middle distance field. According to calculation train transportation occupied 70 percent of middle and long distance transportation in most developing countries. Another great invention is the car. It is no doubt that car is the most popular and convenient vehicle of the world. In America almost every family has cars the car has the many features such as cheap tiny size and fast. However the car and train limited by the road and objective factor. When people curious about the ocean we start to discover it. In the past we have boats made of wood and moved by wind power. Today we have more advanced steel ship and motivated by oil. Thanks for the technology the modern ship is huge and can overcome almost all the complex situation. The ship can carry a large amount of goods in one time. For international trade it is the most economical way to transport. But the big disadvantage of ocean transportation is the time. As we know we have to spend a lot of time to transport if we choose transport by ships though it is the cheapest way for long distance transportation. Human begin to develop air transportation only a few years ago compare to land and ocean transportation. However the goals we achieve are really amazing . I have to say air transportation made the world closer and closer. The airplane is the fastest way for transportation in human history. Thousands of planes work everyday the traveler benifits from the air transportation a lot. The airplane become the most important way to transport people by it's speed . Moreover people even find the way to discover space which regard as a tale in the past. The history of air transportation is short however the air transportation has the biggest potential to develop in the future. From what I mentioned above we can figure out that the transportation is necessary for man's survive in modern society. We anticipated the more advanced transportation methods appear in the future and write a more wonderful history.
