Transportation is the way for people to move and transfer from one place to another place. Nowadays transportation is one of the most essential things to live comfortable and convenient lives. Some people use trains cars bicycles and motorbikes when they go to work or school everyday. Some people get on boats and ships to fish or carry cargo. Some people take airplanes and helicopters to transfer quickly without concern of the cost. We cannot imagine life without any transportation. Transportation can be classified into three groups land transport water transport and air transport. Land transport includes walking animal powered transport bicycles motorbikes trains and cars. Humans have always searched how to move by the most suitable safest and fastest means since humans were born in the earth. The most primitive earliest and dependable transportation for humans was walking. Then humans learned to tame animals for food and to ride them for hunting and further transportation. About 6500 B. C. The wheel was invented and revolutionized forms of transport. After the wheel was invented combining the horse to the wheel has been the cheapest and fastest mode of land transport. Fainally modern automobile was invented in Germany by Karl Benz in 1885. The first American cars were made by the Duryea Brothers in 1892. In 1908 Ford produced an inexpensive assembly line car the Model T Fact Monster Information Please B Most people think ANON_NAME_0 Fulton invented the steamboat. But in fact John Fitch an American built and operated a steamboat on the Delaware River in 1787 but his passenger business failed. Fulton's steamboat the North River later known as the Clermont after its port town was financially successful in 1807 and became famous. Today water transportation is usually used to carry heavy cargoes in large quantities at the same time. Especially it is very useful though slow to import and export petroleum and products of heavy industries. Moreover water transport is much less costly than the next transport. Air transport includes hot air ballons parachutes dirigibles zeppelins airplanes hydroplanes rockets helicopters jet planes jumbo jets and space shuttles. The first airtransport the hot air ballon was invented in France. Then the first propeller airplane was invented in the United State in 1903. It was the first controllable airplane and the development of airplanes significantly affected wars. According to ANON_NAME_1 Coyle and Novack after World War I airplane became a fast way to transport people and goods over long distances. After World War II the role of air transport dramatically changed and took higher shares of transport. Moreover spacecraft was invented and launched in the 1950s. It was the most impressive event that human succeeded to get down on the moon. Today international air travel has also been popular and accessible. The technology to manufacture better and faster aircrafts has been still developing. Today all of three groups of transportation are necessary indispensable and essential tools for human life. They play an important role all over the world for businnes leisure and unfortunately war. While many kinds of transportation have been invented over thousands of years human life has also been developing. The history of transportation has been strongly relevant to the history of human culture and civilization.
