Genres of movies. The movie is an important part in modern culture in the world. It influences society in any country. Movies help to attract attention to social problems. As famous movie maker Steven Spielberg said movies are the eyes of the world . Also film production industry is a big part of economics. It includes movie factories artist schools and movie shops. Critics categorize movies by their types or genres. There are a lot of genres but let us focus on three most popular and loved genres of films are comedy drama and action movies. Comedy is one of the oldest genres in world culture and in general was established more than 2 000 years ago as a genre of theatre performance in Ancient Greece. A modern comedy movie is a light story with short jokes funny characters action relationships. This genre includes parodies romantic comedies black comedies and more. Such type as a screwball comedy takes humor from surprising situations or characters. Classical examples of movies which relate to the comedy genre are Pretty woman and My best friend's wedding which tell about funny situations in romantic relationships between a man and a woman. Drama is also one of the oldest classical genres. Drama is a serious presentation with realistic characters and life situations. It includes character development and interaction. Dramatic issues such as alcoholism drugs racial problems religious intolerance poverty crime and corruption put the characters in conflict with others and with society. Dramatic films is the largest genre with many subtypes. It includes historical drama that focus on events in history melodrama with high emotion conflicts tragedy and many others. Famous drama films are Godfather Titanic and Slumdog Millionaire . Action is a genre which contrasts to drama and comedy. It is a relatively young genre that started developing in 1960s. This type of films is based on action with minimum of dialogues and with heroes who have not deep characters. Typically a hero in the action film fights for freedom and justice against bad guys . The most popular actors of this genre are Sylvester Stallone Rambo Rocky and Arnold Schwarznegger Commando Terminator . Movies not only entertain people but also attract attention to particular problems in society. Often producers or directors try to tell about fundamental things such as love life problems fun. Movies become necessary part of human culture and unite people from different social layers. The huge amount of films is made every year and everyone can find what she or he wants.
