Movie Rating Teresa April 6 2009 Movies are a kind of entertainment. Everybody loves to see art movie in free time. Especially people like to hang out with friends in movie theaters. Movie theaters are social places for everyone to interact more with others. Furthermore seeing movie can kill time. If people are bored they just turn on the television to enjoy a movie. Of course we can learn information for example how to get along with people or knowing others' life in movies. Some movies are educational but some mean nothing. Some even teach children and teenager what is bad behavior or wrong concept. That is why Art Government Information Office rated movies into four groups in Taiwan General audiences G Protected Parental Guidance PG and Restricted R . The first group which is called General Audiences is for everyone. There is no fighting or slang words in this type of movie. Cartoons are a demonstration of movies found in this group. They are full of comedy and humor. The second group is Protected. Because this group features include fight steal and sex scenes children whose ages are between six and twelve years old can see this. However they have to be accompanied by parents to see this type of movie. And the people whose ages are less than six years old are not allowed to see this group of movies. The illustrations of this group are action and romance movies. There is a movie which is a example in this group is Titanic. It is the most classic film in the word. Parental Guidance is the third group. Because this type of movie includes violence crime and horror people whose ages are between twelve and eighteen must be required accompanying parents. These categories of horror crime and gangster films belong to this group. Art typical film of this group is Saw. The fifth Saw was released last year and the sixth one is coming up soon. Some of people like to see horror movies to make their life more exciting. The final group is Restricted. Only adults can see films in this group. This type of movie are full of taking drugs killing sexual scenes. Only people with judgment and mature mental can see restricted films. After seeing this type of movie some people will have nightmares because the shot are beyond of people's image. Consequently some films can inspire people make people think movies over. But some of movies discourage people. Choosing a right film is important to kids and yourself. Movies can be decided from the rating and the story of art films. Parents have the responsibility to evaluate movies for kids certainly. Don't ignore the rating of films while choosing a film.
