Topic Is competition important for student Should we have to eliminate competitive custom in schools The world is changing and so is postsecondary education. Nowadays it is easier to access to learning opportunities than before. Rosenberg 2000 Voorhees 2001 It is very important topic in late decade because some parents argue that their children are suffered from school. However the rest of those parents encourage their children to be in a school which has highest competition because they believe that their children would gain more benefit from this school than another. Developing student learning competition plays crucial role in education system. Therefore measuring improving and providing direction are the reasons why students should be familiar with competition. It is said that competition in school is harmful to student. Some students feel uncomfortable or get sick because of high competitive pressure from a class. They claim that they spend their time to study longer than their parents do on working. For example majority of workers work for eight hours a day and five days a week but some students often have to study in a school for eight hours a day and five days a week plus extra classes such as extra course for Mathematics English Chemistry and etc. On weekend at least six hours a week. They study hard in order to get into a school of a good reputation. It seems students' lives at school are not easy as what they think. More than that working life is much harder than when students do in school. Firstly competition can measure student achievement. Some students have never known how good or bad skill they are. Some schools usually evaluate students by using criteria based cut grade which is based on the comparison criteria such as grades for example set criteria that must be rate Grad A 85 or more so the rate must be 85 or higher it will score at grade A if 84 down will score at grade B. Likewise Thai elementary schools and high schools have graded student by using criteria based cut Thus students are not necessary to concern about their class mates' points but themselves. However many students would get in trouble when they pass to study in colleges or Universities which are graded student by group based cut grade which is based on the ability of the group or groups based on the median. Consequently not only do the students pay all attention on the material in the class but also they have to know how well their class mates are if they would like to gain a good score. Secondly competitive environment will improve students' learning skill. Belfield said Competition may improve out comes by raising test score. 2003 . A class atmosphere consciously influences study ideas and develops effectively critical thinking skills better than learning by themselves because of interacting with other students who are good at study. So they have to enhance their skill to work with their peers. For example many students are graded based on the group's scores. In this case students must be inevitably forced to do the test as well as they can because students cannot know if how good they do will meet the average or highest score. Likewise work with students who are high or the same knowledge will develop effective critical thinking skills. For example student probably would know only one way to solve the problem if they did not compete with another. Finally Competition provides a direction of working life. In working life workers automatically compete with another when they are looking for a job because there are millions of new workers who graduate from university each year. Since a number of unemployment is higher than available jobs in labor markets new workers need to have prominent skills to get a job. Also getting in famous companies is just a first step which is as hard as working in those companies. For instance I used to work in the number one of Real Estate Development Company in Thailand. At first I thought the hard one is how to get in this company but the fact that is not because I do not only do my best on my duties but also enhance my working skill by taking some courses and gain more another degree. If not I would have been fired due to there are thousands workforces who would like to play role in my position. Thus if we learn how to compete when we study it will more easy to be accustomed in the working life. In conclusion in order to be successful in life students should be get accustomed with competition. Measuring improving and providing direction is important part of competition that we completely take in consideration. Recently many countries realized that competition is played a crucial role in the global education. They impose some placement tests which graded students by competition such as Entrance Test the test which provides for high school students who would like to get into private Universities. Also governments provide scholarships to influence students for students who are the best candidates. In term of global education most countries agree with the student exchange programs which send their students to learn and compete with other foreigner students. These imply that competition is very important and settle down in every culture. References Belfield C. R. January 2003 The Effects of Competition on Educational Outcomes. Available at ANON URLPAGE. Rosenberg M. J. 2000 . E Learning Strategies for Delivering Knowledge in the Digital Age. New York McGraw Hill. Voorhees R. A. 2001 . Measuring What Matters Competency Based Learning Models in Higher Education. New Directions for Institutional Research. San Francisco Jossey Bass.
