There are many cities such as Seoul Kyoto London Paris and Pittsburgh. I think Pittsburgh and Seoul are similar to the weather universities and high buildings. One of the main reasons why I think similar to the weather Pittsburgh is as cold as Seoul. For example winter temperature in Pittsburgh is around 8 Celsius. Winter temperature in Seoul is around 3 Celsius. Also both of cities snow in winter. Another reason why I think similar to the universities Pittsburgh and Seoul both have a lot of universities. For instance there are many universities such as CMU University of Pittsburgh and Duquesne University in Pittsburgh. As well as there are many universities such as Korea University Seoul national University and Yonsei University. The final reason why I think similar to the buildings those in Pittsburgh are tall and the buildings in Seoul are tall too. For example the tallest building in Pittsburgh is the 64 story U. S. Steel Tower which rises 256m and was completed in 1970. It also stands as the fourth tallest building in PA and the 35th tallest building in the US. The second tallest skyscraper in the city is One Mellon Center which rises 221m. Eleven of the twenty tallest buildings in PA are located in Pittsburgh. Beside The Cathedral of learning a historic landmark is the second tallest education building in the world 42 stories and 163m. Also the tallest in Seoul is currently the 73 stories and 264m Tower Palace. The 63Building is one of the tallest buildings. Its height is 249m It is overlooking the Han River in Seoul construction was completed in 1985. At that time the 63 Building was the tallest building in Asia. As well as the tallest buildings in Seoul are concentrated in four different locations the traditional city center at Jongno the modern business and financial and political center on the island of Yeouido and the affluent residential neighborhood of Dogok dong. Because of the weather a lot of universities and tallest buildings I think Pittsburgh and Seoul are similar cities.
