Bilingual program Public schools should offer bilingual programs because every student should learn at least one language beside his native one. There are many reasons for that but the important reasons can be divided into learning other languages at school is easier than other ways such as taking courses giving more communication between the students who speak different languages and learning other languages at school allow students to learn more about different cultures. The students who study at schools which have bilingual programs have the ability to use the other language also they have good chance to continue to study at graduate schools. For example when I was an undergraduate student I studied at a school that did not offer bilingual program which means that I studied just Arabic language. Therefore now I find difficult to study the English language. At the same time my friend studied at a school that offer bilingual program now he does not have any problem in his academic study in English. An other example according to Batt 1988 students who are bilingual are more successful. P. 92 Sometimes bilingual programs at school facilitate communication in a community. For example in case the school is located in a city where people talk different languages such as Miami in Florida people speak two languages. In addition if the students at the same school speak different languages such as some students speak English and other students speak Spanish the bilingual program will help those groups to communicate. Bilingual programs at schools give the students a good chance to learn more about different cultures and customs. The students who study at schools that offer bilingual program can use two languages to gain knowledge and speak with other people from different countries. Also they can understand more from TV channels. And have more ability to make new friends from different countries especially by chatting on the Internet. There are many benefits that students can get from bilingual programs therefore public schools should offer them and governments should support this idea. In my opinion all the governments should impose bilingual program at all of the schools to study by local language and other international language such as English that will allow to for communication around the world according to Norbert and Reyhner 2002 bilingual instruction become more necessary for the growing number of communities where ANON_NAME_0 children in greater and greater numbers. P. 8
