Topic 8 Why junk food manufactures should or should not be allowed to advertise their products to children. THE RIGHT TO ADVERTISE IS FOR EVERYONE Advertising is used for many companies and industries to promote their products to all people around the world. The purpose of media advertising is to attract the attention of a potential consumer regardless of whether he or she is a child. An example of that are junk food manufacturers who know that children population whose mind is susceptible to manipulation is an easy target to convince with an amazing commercial. Despite the fact that this manipulation can cause many negative effects junk food manufactures should be allowed to advertise their products to children because they have the right to do it. In a world with free communication why can junk food manufacturers not advertise their products to children People can argue about whether this practice is ethical or not and about the negative effects in children mind because most of the time a child's mind follows his her impulses instead of rational thinking. Recognizing that fact this industry uses commercials to convince them. The same discussion can take place with news newspapers magazines toy industry and internet which talk about many topics for which children are not prepared. A good example of this is the toys that many restaurants such as Mc. Donald's use to convince children to come and eat unhealthy food. Without denying that it is important for parents to control what and how junk food manufacturers advertise for children the relevant point here is that we are in a free world where all industries have the right to advertise. Consequently it would be unfair to deny this right to the junk food manufacturers. In summary junk food manufacturers use advertisement in order to attract children who follow instincts more than rational thoughts. Despite of this fact government or people in general cannot deny the right to this industry to advertise if other industries do the same. Maybe one way to balance the situation can be to require that junk food commercials contain the advantages and disadvantages for the product. However there can be many ethical considerations in this topic but the truth is that it will be unfair not to allow this industry to advertise in a free world even if their products are not nutritious for children.
