IS IT IMPORTANT TO HAVE BILINGUAL EDUCATION There is not a good or bad answer to this question because it will depend on your life experience. Some people might answer no because many of them have survived in this world without speaking another language such as my parents for whom speaking another language was not necessary for living and working. But times have changed and globalization has created the necessity to communicate with others in different languages. In 1998 Marcos said There is now a growing appreciation of the role that multilingual individuals can play in an increasingly diverse society and there is also a greater understanding of the academic and cognitive benefits that may accrue from learning other languages p2 . Maybe that is the reason why we can see many foreign people studying English in The United States of America or American people traveling to other places like Europe or Latin America to learn Spanish French or German. Why do people have to leave their country to learn another language if they can have bilingual education in school As a consequence of my belief that learning and speaking another language bring you many benefits there are three reasons why I consider public schools should offer bilingual education. First speaking more than one language gives you a better chance for getting a good job. Because all companies want to become the leaders and play an important role in the world economy you can be a key stone in this process if you speak another language. As an employee or director you can help the company in many aspects such as establishing new businesses in other countries improving communication with suppliers around the world and making agreements for cooperation with business people in other countries. Moreover speaking another language gives you the chance to work in other countries where your second language is spoken. There is another reason why public schools should offer bilingual education and it consists in the fact that bilingual students perform better in other subjects than monolingual speakers. According with Pope 2008 An expanding literature suggests an indirect effect from learning a foreign language is an increase in general cognitive and academic ability. P234 This statement shows that learning a second language might help people to retain the knowledge and get better grades which can give them an advantage in terms of getting a position at an university or when applying for a scholarship. If people have a good education they will have the tools to achieve a good standard of living. The last but not least reason is that learning and speaking another language help you to enrich your cultural life because it allows you to travel around the world visiting exotic places knowing different cultures and establishing new friends. A similar idea was claimed by Marcos in 1998 who said that Individuals who speak and read more than one language have the ability to communicate with more people read more literature and benefit more fully from travel to other countries p. 2 Based in my experience living for eight months in the United States I recognize that speaking English my second language has given me the opportunity to enjoy my trips much more inside the country and make new friends from other countries who otherwise I would not have known. In addition speaking a second tongue gives you the chance to make new acquaintances through the internet and to access to a lot of information that is published around the world in fields that you are interested in. In summary in the past for many people it was not necessary to be bilingual because they obtained a good job and had a good life being monolingual. However the world has changed and I believe that public schools should offer bilingual education to prepare next generations to face the challenges that globalization is creating. More and more people are learning a second language because it brings some advantages such as improving your profile to get a better job increasing your academic performance and enriching your culture. In 1994 BBC News published an article about the benefit of being bilingual and it says Being fluent in two languages may help to keep the brain sharper for longer a study suggests Being bilingual 'protects brain . More research has to be done about it but I believe that it is worthy to take the risk and see what happens. At least I will have other tongue in my mind. After having learned a second language I can say that it could be the difference between having an unexciting life and experiencing such as a wonderful and incredible life. REFERENCES Pope D. G. 2008 . Benefits of bilingualism Evidence from Mormon missionaries. Economics of Education Review 27 234 242. Marcos K. 1998 Fall . Second language learning Everyone can benefit. The ERIC Review 6 1 2 5. Being bilingual 'protects brain . 2004 June 15 . BBC News.
