Greek Diet Compared with various kinds of diet the Greek diet make Greek not only live longer than people in other countries but also have a less rate of chronic disease than America. How does the Greek diet work to give Greeks such a healthy and long life A great deal of studies about health or disease demonstrate that a variety of fresh and natural fruits and vegetables plentiful healthy fat moderate alcohol and a number of water in Greeks' diet play the crucial role to a healthy life. In the first place the vegetables and fruits are really fresh and natural. These kinds of food products don't been sprayed pesticide while growing they will rot after two days because they contain little preservatives or chemicals. Many science reports show that pesticide chemicals and preservatives are all poisonous materials which can badly affect the organic function in human bodies and lead to cancer gradually. Hence the fresh and natural food keep the dangerous substances out of the bodies. What's more there are abundant vegetables and fruits everywhere in the supermarket shelves and Greeks consume at least 7 10 servings these food products everyday. Quite a few vegetables such as eggplants onions tomatoes and fruits such as berries apples have been shown that they contain beneficial ingredient antioxidants. Many studies have shown that food contain antioxidants can prevent and decrease the chronic illness for example in the Zutphen Elderly Study Brian M Curtis MD James H O'Keefe Jr MD 2002 antioxidant can decrease the risk of CAD coronary artery disease related to mortality. Then Greek diet involves plenty of healthy fat and low harmful fat. Monounsaturated fat which comes from olive oils and nuts and omega 3 fatty acids which comes from fish vegetables and nuts are both healthy fats on the contrary saturated fat which come from red meat milk and cheese and transunsaturated fat which comes from processed foods containing partially hydrogenated oil are harmful fats. In Greek diet olive oils are used in cooked dishes salad dressing margarine butter and processed food nuts are highly consumed fish and poultry are in moderation at least twice per week low fat dairy like yogurt and slim milk are essential everyday red meat and eggs are spaciously consumed in one month. Looking at the description of Greek diet it can be found that this diet contains rich monounsaturated fat and omega 3 fatty acids but little saturated and transunsaturated fats. According to many studies and trials omega 3 fatty acids are very helpful to prevent CAD monounstaturated fat can contribute to cardioprotective effects on bodies and reduce blood pressure cholesterol and LDL C levels Brian M Curtis MD James H O'Keefe Jr MD 2002 . Next Greek have a habit to drink a small bottle of alcohol for lunch and dinner. Because they believe that moderate alcohol is quite useful to consume the food slowly and limit the mouth eat too much food. A number of important researches indicate that moderate alcohol like beer and wine can protect against some serious illness and give people a longer life than the nondrinkers. For example recent evidence Brian M Curtis MD James H O'Keefe Jr MD 2002 suggests that moderate alcohol consumption improves insulin resistance and could prevent the onset of diabetes. Finally a number of water is the necessary part in Greek daily life. Greek always drink a large bottle of water in each meal because they believe water can cause food they consumed to be digested entirely and properly. They typically consume at least 1. 5 Liter water everyday. It's well known that water is extremely important for human body. Water can both help the body organ and tissue to function and keep the toxic substance out of the body. What's more lots of beautician suggests that drinking a great deal of water can efficiently protect against aging and keep young In conclusion Greek diet emphasizes on the natural fresh and beneficial material and excludes the harmful ingredient. With such a scientific and healthy diet Greeks can not only enjoy the delicious food but also maintain well being and longevity. Reference Brian M Curtis MD James H O'Keefe Jr MD. August 2002 . Understanding the Mediterranean diet Could this be the new gold standard for heart disease prevention Retrieved November 14 2006. From ANON URLPAGE
