Outline Mediterranean cuisine Nutrition Health Different country Type of food Famous food Mediterranean cuisine Once you hire or read about Mediterranean cuisine your mind goes over to Lebanon Turkey Syria and Palestine cuisines. Mediterranean cuisine is famous kind of food relate to Mediterranean Sea. Moreover Mediterranean can be crudely divided into three culinary regions North African especially Morocco eastern Mediterranean Egypt Greece Lebanon Palestine Syria and Turkey and southern European Italy France Spine . Mediterranean cuisine has different type of cuisine. It is often served room temperature and it can be shared easily such as Chickpeas Fava beans or Ful pounced fool and kibbeh. It contains a lot of nutrition such as calorie fat protein and mineral although it consider to be better for your health. Fava bean or Ful is most popular cuisine in Mediterranean region. It has different type of cooking and serving. For instance in Palestine its water soak for one day then it cook on pan and served on plate. Some small pies of tomatoes onion on it with Oliver oil. This way is similar in Syria and Lebanon. On the other hand it cooks and served differently in Egypt and Saudi Arabia too. It cooks in big pan called Jareh and mixed with tomatoes union and garlic and cooked for one day completely then it served in small dish with delisouse shortening ghee and little of chickpeas. The time of eating these dishes is morning as breakfast and night as dinner. However it should water soak for awhile till it's grow. Then it cooks with small pies of meat in addition of tomato unions and garlic mixed together. It can eat biased the rice or bread. Indeed fava beans chickpeas and lentil have a lot of protein and mineral beside the vitamin. The bedewns people who lived in dissert eat this kind of food regularly to give them the strong body and enough energy. The Mediterranean cuisine has a lot of study by different association. For example a researcher from the Saint Etienne School of Medicine search for Mediterranean cuisine beats American heart Association diet in controversial study they says Eating traditional Mediterranean cuisine like Greek salad focaccia bread and garlic chicken may be better for your health than following the standard American Heart Association AHA diet says a team of French researchers. It's a conclusion that the AHA calls flawed . In conclusion the Mediterranean cuisine has a lot of health and nutrition benefits. The body of human being needs the essential material which is available in Mediterranean food epically rather than another food like fast food. Planning yourself to eat a regular Mediterranean is great to build healthy body. Source Mediterranean cuisine. 2006 November . Annieappleseedroject Retrieved 2001 from ANON URLPAGE
