How to find free time for myself during a busy day Many peopleespecially working mothers often complain about difficultly finding free time for themselves during a busy day. I have the same opinion. In our life we need to work to raise children we need to study to improve our skill as well as we have a lot of housework and chores to do. We are busy every day. How to acquire free time during a busy day I have some tips like making a schedule and strictly act your schedule and buy semi manufactured food to share with you. The first important tip is to make a schedule. According to your situation you can work out the schedule which could organize your action in regular and efficiency. For example I am a housewife I also take full time ELI classes. So I am very busy in my school day. Except taking whole day class I have to spend several hours to cook dinner and clear up my home after the classes. However I found that I do cook in the morning more efficient than in the afternoon I schedule myself to cook dinner in the morning. In the afternoon I come back home from school with tired steps I have the dinner. I only clean up my home then I can enjoy my several hours free time before going to bed. I can watch TV do homework or go to internet. I can do anything that I like to do. The second tip is to strictly act your schedule. You already have had a good schedule you carry out it then can earn your free time during your busy day. If you don't carry out in accordance with it you are possibly difficult to snatch leisure from a busy day. For example I have had the schedule. I experienced it that is good for me. If I didn't schedule myself strictly my free time that I have talked in second paragraph would be the cooking time. Finally semi manufactured food can help you save cooking time. As we know eating fast food too much is not healthy and eating at restaurant every day is more expensive to the most of family. Cooking by yourself will spend a considerable of time. The things like cleaning vegetable processing meat frying and boiling food are all need to take long time to do. So buying semi manufactured food is a easy way to cook and also can save your time. Finding a free time during a busy day is really not an easy thing. But you schedule yourself and organize every work that you have to do and sometimes buy semi manufactured food to cook for your meal you will find your free time.
