How to plane a vacation Every one likes vacation either short vacation or long vacation. Students always have long summer vacation. Once you have a long vacation you won't want just stay at home. Since we have a long winter time we want some warm sunshine. Summer vacation is a very good chance to get beautiful sunshine. When we have a long vacation we have a lot of time to do what we want to do. However how to plane a vacation is an important thing. No one wants to west summer vacation everyone wants to do something special during the time. Because of this we should plane our vacation well and we won't be regret at the end of the vacation. How to plane a vacation make sure how long is the vacation list what you want to do and make a budget. First of all you need to check how long is your vacation. You don't want to run our of time or come back to school late. Some people don't make sure how long is vacation so they miss the first day of the class and some people just come back just one day before the school begin. Both of these two situations are not good because you haven't ready to focus on study yet you probably miss something at the beginning of the classes. In order to prevent this we should make sure how many time do we have. Second since we have a long vacation we may want to do something special such as have a trip in our own country or outside our own country learning something new or have a part time job. Write down everything you want to do. Although we may not able to do everything we can use this list and depend on our time to plane what we can do what we can't do. Also with the list we won't forget what we want to do. Third make a budget. It is very important if you want to have a trip. We should make a budget so we won't run out of money. We don't want to spend too much money during the vacation. We have to make sure if we have enough money to have a trip. As a student all of our support is from our parents it is not that mature to ask parents to support you have a trip! If we want a trip we should save money before we do it. I love to take a long vacation and during a long vacation I always want to do a lot of tings. So I always make a list to for what I want to do and try my best to make them come true. Check my time make a list and make budget are my steps to plane my vacation. I hope these three steps can help people to plane a vacation!
