How to get a driver's license of Pennsylvania as an international student Nowadays it is very common for people to drive a car in everywhere especially in America. The car is considered the essential part of a life. To drive a car you must have a driver's license. Driver's license means not only a permit for driving a car but also an identification of the States. However if you don't have a driver's license you don't have to worry about that. There are three steps for you as an international student to get easily driver's license preparation for necessary documents driver's test on computer based system and actual driving test on the road. Firstly you have to prepare a bunch of documents for the driver's test. The things that you can prepare for yourself are a passport and an I 20. You also should complete the application form that is in the guidebook. In addition you must get a reject letter from Social Security Center and a letter that can prove that you are a student from the University. If you prepare all these documents you can go to the next stage. Secondly you should study the driver's test that is performed by computer based system. There are total eighteen questions and you must solve at least fifteen questions. If you miss four questions you will be failed the test and you can take a test at next day. There is no additional cost. On the other hand if you passed the test you have to pay the fee not cash but only a personal check. Once you pay the fee and get a learner's permit card you can make an appointment for your actual test. Finally it is the last stage to take an actual test on the road. You should accompany with your friend or parent who has already driver's license. Also the car should be prepared for your driver's test. Before you take a driver's test the supervisor ask you how to manipulate the car such as high beam low beam emergency flash and so on. Then you will drive a car with supervisor according to his or her instruction. In short there are three steps to get a driver's license. When you finish to prepare all necessary documents you can take a written test on computer based system. If you pass the exam you will get a permit to take an actual test on the road. After you go through the road test successfully you will be able to get a driver's license. If you follow the instructions step by step you will definitely acquire the license
