We have used tools that make our life more convenient since humans existed. We have invented a lot of tools from stone ax to airplane and they are getting more advanced than the past with modern technology. However implement needs to be managed and cleaned for maximum performance and in order to lengthen a period of time that guarantees to work without a defect. Recently one of the great inventions is a computer. There are countless things that we can do with the computer such as emailing listening to music searching information and artistic work. As other equipment the computer also has to be checked to maintain its highest performance but most people who use the computer don't recognize the requirement that cares the computer. Also you might have an error that interferes with performance. Do you remember the first time that used your computer right after you bought it It must have been faster than now. Unfortunately the computer is getting slower or doesn't work appropriately. The computer displays lots of error messages and frequently stops working. You might be angry with it. If you are doing professional work with the computer that doesn't work nicely the situation will be more serious. Moreover mostly in this situation people don't know what happened to their computer and they have no idea what they should do for your computer to make it work and faster. If you are in the same situation it is the sign that you need to fix the computer with following steps. First you might need to back up your data that is important to you. The data that you have saved in the hard drive can be the most important reason using the computer because saving data is one of the most powerful features that computer has. However it is required to delete some data to enhance the performance. Therefore it is better to make copy version in other storage device for instance external hard drive and USB drive in case you lose your all data. As a result you can restore the data after all the fixing process and you can return to your work quickly. Second you have to reinstall operating system such as Microsoft Windows for IBM compatible PC and Leopard for Mac. This is why you need to move your data. Reinstalling operating system is the fastest way to make your computer work like new one. Almost every problem in computer such as displaying error messages and getting slow is in the operating system. Prepare the DVD that was provided when you bought your computer and put it in your DVD drive and restart your computer. You will see an instruction about installing OS. If you follow the instructions you will install your OS successfully. Third set up the hardware driver before installing other application software. Hardware driver is software that allows your hardware to work appropriately in OS. In addition latest driver assure you of maximum performance that your hardware has. If you don't set up latest hardware driver it's like a car that has limited speed. Most of all you have to check you hardware information with the software that inform you of what you need to download. Go to Google and type hardware information . After that you can get the software. The software is so simple. You will learn how to control the software easily. Check your hardware manufacturer or hardware name and get the hardware driver at their website. Almost every hardware manufacturer uploads their hardware drivers on their website. Especially the information that you have to check is about a main board and video chipset because the OS that you installed includes a lot of hardware drivers and the OS already set up the drivers when it was being installed. However other hardware drivers are not as important as main board and video chipset for the best performance. So you can skip other process that installs the hardware driver except main board and video chipset. The method that install hardware driver is exactly the same as setting up OS. Now your computer has been set up to maximum performance if you have installed all hardware drivers. I guess you are likely to use the application right now such as Microsoft Office iTunes and Firefox. However your computer is not secure from other harmful software as long as your computer is connected to Internet. Lastly installing care applications will sustain your computer's performance highest and protect from the harmful software for example computer virus ad ware and Mel ware. Sometimes the care applications are provided from your computer manufacturer. If they are not you can get free applications or buy powerful care software on Google with the key word computer care software . Overall it is summarized that four steps backing up your data reinstalling OS setting up hardware drivers and installing care applications. It can seem to be difficult to people who are not familiar with this process. If so recognize the requirement that manage your computer and learn how to do them. You need to be accustomed to this process as you wash your cloths after you wear them. You will save time and money with the fastest and stable computer that always assures you of greatest performance.
