Speaking is an important skill that gives you the ability to converse with people. In our life we communicate with each other with speaking and pronunciation the words. All of us learnt from our parents when we were children how to speak and pronounce the words to communicate with them or other people that was the first class we took in our life. The most common ways to improve your speaking skills are speaking with native speaker taking pronunciation class listening to mass media. Firstly speaking with native speaker is a perfect practice helping you to improve your skills in speaking. When you speak with native speaker helping you build correct English sentences and improve your fluency. After that the sentence goes into your head with correct pronunciation to the words and you have a real application. Self correction is very important when you speak with native speaker that make you don't forget it. Secondly taking pronunciation class is helpful with some people they couldn't get correct pronunciation the words when they speak with people or native speaker. Then a teacher will give you all the ways that assist you to improve your skills in speaking. Sometimes you have some weaknesses in some parts and the teacher will notice and gives a feedback to help you. On the other hand the teacher helps you understanding how to pronounce the words in conversation and answer the questions you have. Thirdly listening to mass media is a good way to memorize the correct pronunciation to the words. For example a child in first years in his her just listen to his her parents. Then the listening is pressing on some part in your mind to confirm pronunciation the vocabularies. Frequently listening to mass media remains memorizing the pronunciation the vocabularies in the language that you are studying. In conclusion speaking is the first step for learning language. Improving you skills in speaking needs somebody corrects your mistakes and if you say an incorrect sentence and if your teacher points out the mistake and tells you the proper way to express your meaning then your knowledge and skills of speaking increases. Also watching or listening to mass media is useful to improve your daily conversation. Finally to be able to speak language fluently like a native speaker you will have to speak by using your subconscious mind instead of your conscious mind.
