Learning a new language Since that the whole world is growing smaller having command of a second or even a third language is becoming one of the required skills. That is why we need to know how to learn a new language. Here are some of the important steps in the process. Firstly you must learn the alphabet of course which is the basic. Basing on my own experience it is really important to practice and make your hand writing perfect. This part of time is a perfect period to do so. The good beginning is half of the success make sure you have a beautiful hand writing before you do anything else. Eventually looking at good hand writing will keep your interest in the language. Secondly make your pronunciation as nature as you can. In order to get rid of your accent try as hard as you can to be surrounded by the language you want to learn. You can post pieces of paper that has the language on anyplace where you live. Get any vocal material you can get that contains the language play it no matter when listen to it and if you are free repeat after it. It is a very good measure to practice you listening and speaking also. If you knew someone who was a native speaker never let him her go talk to him her and never be afraid of making mistakes. That is a good chance to perfect your pronunciation it will help on your vocabulary as well. Speaking of vocabulary that is the last thing I want to emphasize you must have large vocabulary. Too bad that we only have one way to largen it is reciting. Although it is not a good way to learn a word but before you can speak the language with no problem you must recite. Making example sentences is a good idea to help reciting. I've also tried to relate them with something I already knew that will also help you to remember. Review the words you've recited periodically or you would forgot anything you've recited in 3 months like what happened to the sat vocabulary I've recited for the test I cannot even tell one now after not reviewing for 5 months There are many other things that are important to take command of a new language you should find the most important one yourself. But never forget to maintain the interest in the language or you'll never learn the language well.
