How to Make Japchae Japchae is one of the Korean traditional food which is a kind of noodle. It is usually made in some festive days such as New Year's Day the Korean Thanksgiving day and a party. Most of the Korean food are a little bit salty because people eat those with boiled rice. But Japchae is not salty people can eat it without boiled rice. As a consequence it is good for a potluck party. Moreover the noodle is made from potato's starch so it has low calorie. Actually there are some instant Japchae for helping to lose people's weight in Korea. To make Japchae you need to follow several process steep and boil glass noodle fry some ingredients and mix them. First you should steep glass noodle before making Japchae 1 hour ago. It is not necessary but it makes the noodle have elasticity. I think nobody does not like weak noodle which is cut with a snap. If the noodle is steeped you can start to boil water. It is better to add a little soy sauce and oil in the water. It makes the noodle's taste be not to flat. After boiling you have to drain the water to prevent from absorbing too much water. Second some ingredients must be fried seperatly. Before frying them you had better cut them in slab sided shape because they will be mixed with long shape of noodle. The ingredients contain beef mushrooms spinach an onion and a carrot. Because each ingredient has special time to be cooked it is crucial to fry them respectively. In case of spinach you should parboil it before frying it. The last part is mixing the ingredients with the noodle. Put the noodle into a ball and then put in another ingredients. When you mix it you need to add soy sause and sesame oil. The soy sause makes it have brown color. After mixing you could dish it up on a beautiful plate. Don't forget to spread some sesames on the Japchae. Making Japchae is not so difficult but takes long time. Due to the time people say it is a dish which requires a great deal of care. However if you have ever eaten Japchae you can understand why people make Japchae even though it is a kind of annoying job. In other words I could say that it is delicious. Don't hesitate and start to make Japchae now.
