Everybody likes a weekend of course I do. Why people like it It obvious that it provides us a relax time and fun time. Especially a long weekend which feels more exciting can enjoy several activities. On this week the US has a national holiday which is Memorial Day gave us an additional day off. I would like to say 'thank you for the US government to established this day' because I really enjoyed on Saturday Sunday and Monday of beginning of summer weekend. On this Saturday I was excited. There are two reasons. One of them was a yesterday's game. I went to Cleveland to watch NBA after writing class. The game was so fantastic because CAVS came from behind victory last one second. I was still happy. After I woke up I called my friend who comes from Canada is living in Toronto. This was a first time to talk him when I came here. I met him in Japan seven years ago. When he was there we always used in Japanese but this time we talked in English. I was really grad to speak him. I promised him to go to Toronto in this summer. I looking forward seeing him. This day I didn't do any work however my feeling was pretty excited. On Sunday it was a usual my day off. At the morning I went to the Giant Eagle to buy my stuffs. I prefer morning shopping to evening it. I don't know why but this is my custom. Later I went to the library but unfortunately it was closed therefore I went back home and studied. A couple hours later my housemate asked me to watch NBA game so we enjoyed watching game and drinking beer. Although we cheered up CAVS they lose so I felt frustrated. This middle of this weekend I took relax time with my housemate. On Memorial Day the day was the most amazing day because my housemate had a BBQ party at our house. The weather was really good. I love to drink beer outside. As soon as we prepared many her friends showed up. I met many native speakers who are so kind for me. Despite I don't speak English well they talk to me a lot. Not only did I enjoy this time but I also speak English. I thought this is really good practice to speak English. Thus this day was a my favorite day of this weekend. My weekend was wonderful! I talked to many native speakers and took a rest. The Tuesday will be pretty hard to go to the school after a long weekend. I wish every weekend could be a three day weekend.
