My first Memorial Day in US What was I going to do in my first three day weekend in U. S. I have three day weekend because was Memorial Day on Monday. Typical American people make barbecue or travel but I 'm an international student and Memorial Day is a great opportunity to know different American people and their traditions also I could know there are closed or simply rest. That depends only on me. On Saturday I went to a interesting and curious party why Because I have one friend called Erica who knew the first day I have been here she is American but she have a connection with me because she has been in Chile my country and she will live in Chile since the next month. Therefore last Saturday she celebrated her travel with her friend and also invited me to join. The party was in Freeport wish is closed Pittsburgh. In the party there were many people her parents relatives American friend and Chilean friend. I was talking with some Chilean in Spanish That didn't help to improve my English and talked with American people too in English off course . I felt happy because I could understand lots but I felt slow to speak when there were most of one people with me. But the most important thing was I spent a great time and felt that my listening in English is better than my speaking in English. On Sunday y didn't wake up late I don't know why but in U. S I can't sleep more than eigth hours. Therefore I took a shower I get lunch and watched two movies. That was my exciting day. On Monday I wanted to do some different that to watch movies or T. V. Then I went walking to know Squirrel Hill. That place is beauty and has a lot o life but Monday may 25 was Memorial Day so there are few people on street but my walk was interesting to know the neighborhood. After I did my homework and study for reading's quiz. My Memorial Day was good but I think that could be better because I don't know too much people yet. I think weekend began good with the party but I needed to be with more people and have fun. However Memorial Day helped me to rest and sleep a lot. I think next time will be better than now because will know more about Americans traditions.
