Memorial Day made last weekend extraordinarily exceptional. In the three day break there was quite enough time for us to do many activities. We went shopping on Saturday and received guests on Sunday. On Monday Memorial Day we stayed home and celebrated on our own way. For us it was truly memorable and Memorial Day is worth of remembering. Saturday was full of adventures. We decided first to go shopping but we mistakenly took the wrong bus. It drove us so far that it was difficult to get back as that area was new to us and the bus traffic for being Sunday was somehow slow. Finally after a longtime we reached downtown and we immediately rushed to the store we are supposed to go to for the sopping. It was announced that the store would close in fifteen minutes. We hurried in and could hardly buy anything due to shortage of time. By the time we left the store it started to rain. Unfortunately we had not brought the umbrella or the baby carriage's rain protector so we had to rent a taxi to go back home. It was really a wonderful experience. Sunday was significantly special. We had visitors coming from Austin Texas. They are a couple with their two children. They arrived in Pittsburgh early in the morning and I went to receive them in the airport. They adored the weather at the first sight. It was sunny and breezy. As soon as we took some rest and coffee at home we went directly to Schenley Park and had a barbeque. It was so great and we enjoyed telling stories and personal experiences and adventure in the States. Monday was rather different for me. We stayed at home and had a great fun with my family. First my wife and I played volleyball and played many games in the backyard. Later at lunchtime we had a cookout. My wife made macaroni and it was very delicious. Soon afterwards we had some cups of tea it was so splendid as it was cooked on fire. In the evening we spend much time with our nine month child Raghad. We amused her for a pretty long time and helped her learn how to walk. She was fairly cheerful and happy. Memorial Day made our weekend unforgettable. We had funny adventures enjoyed our great time with friends and the day out was undoubtedly marvelous. It was all stamped in our memories.
