Do you have any idea about Memorial Day in the USA Memorial Day is a day which the U. S citizens memorize the soldiers who died in wars. It is a national holiday in the 4th Monday in May. The people who live in the USA have a three days weekend at this time. I did many things on Saturday Sunday and Monday. On Saturday I was very busy and I felt very tired. I woke up at eleven in the morning and I ate my lunch after I had taken a bath. The first important thing for this day was fixing my computer because I had dropped my computer on Friday night. ANON_NAME_0 and I drove to the computer shop and tried to fix my computer. The person who worked in this shop told me that the price for fix my computer was very expensive as bought a new computer and they told me an approximate number of price. I did not fix my computer in this shop because I thought that I needed to ask other shops. After that we went back to house and went to coffee shop with my friend Yurika to do our homework. Sunday was my most exciting day of this weekend. Yurika and I went to downtown of Pittsburgh. It was our first time to look around there. After we went out of the bus we went to Subway to eat our lunch and we tried to find the shopping street. Next we went to the Macy's. I bought four clothes and the prices were very cheap. When my friend wanted to buy her cloth she couldn't find her purse and we began to find her purse. We went back to the Subway which we ate before lucky we found the purse in the food shop. It was very excited for us. After we had found the purse we went back to home and cooked our dinner. I was the cook for this dinner. I planed to cook the noodle which made by myself also it was my first time to cook this dish. I used one and half hours to cook it. Finally my cooking was succeeding. My Monday life sounds very boring. I woke up at eleven in the morning and Yurika and I went to shop to do our homework. We couldn't use Internet in our house because our house didn't have Internet sitting. We spent all the Monday afternoon in the coffee shop. In conclusion I had a very good three days weekend and I got a lot of experience from this weekend. I love three days weekend because I relaxed a lot at this time. I hope that we have the three days weekend every week.
