What I was doing in Memorial Day 4Q Sohyun Ahn Do you know the meaning of Memorial Day Memorial Day supposed to be remembering about the soldiers who gave their precious life in the war for our future. However these day people celebrate this holiday by barbeque or going out instead of remembering. Also you can get three weekends in this holiday. That's why lots of people travel like I did. I went to the New York City during the three holidays. On Saturday I arrived in New York City. As soon as took off the train in Time Squire I went to the TKTS to buy my tickets for today show. Fortunately I could buy CHICAGO ticket that was discounted 50 percents off. The show stated 2p. M. I had more than 2 hours before the show starting. So I went to the Empire State Building while I was waiting the show. I could see the Midtown and Central Park in the top of the building. It was great experience. Then I went to the theater to see CHICAGO. Although I didn't understand all of thing what they were talking I could get main idea of the story. On Sunday early morning I went to Battery Park to take a Ferry which went to the Statue of Liberty. The tickets for going up to the Statue of Liberty was sold out. So I couldn't go up there. However I can get on the Ferry that go to the Ellis Island where the Statue of Liberty is. After I went to the World Trade Centers which are collapsed by terrorism. I felt sorry to see that. And then I went to SOHO. It's fantastic place for shopping. I felt like that I could stay there 24 hours. Monday morning I got in the City Tour Bus. It went around Upper East Upper West and Central Park. I got off in the Central Park. I was surprised when I hear that Central Park made automatically. Afternoon I got on the board Circle Line . It went around Hudson River through the Manhattan. New York City is wonderful. I wish I would come here again. My Memorial Day was wonderful. I saw many things in this weekend during the trip to New York City. I could see one of the biggest city's culture history and life style. Three days is too short to see all of things in New York City. If I have a change I would like to go New York City again.
