Memorial Day supposed to be a day set aside to honor the falling solders that spared their lives for us and our future instead of bar b cue or go out. Also Memorial Day usually marks the beginning of summer in. Therefore I suppose the summer vacation idea spread more popular than Memorial Day's true meaning of remembering. As a foreigner it seemed little strange but I still did a same thing as like other Americans. Thanks to the Memorial Day holiday we had long weekend that's the reason why I extended my work list bit longer than usual. I desperately needed a haircut and also needed to take my son to the Carnegie history museum. According to the weather report it was obvious to rain so I planned to have brunch with my family and friends at a Ground Concord instead of having picnic. Those were at the top of thelist Which I suppose to be done over the weekend. I was thinking about changing my hairstyle for months. But it took me a while till I figure out how I wanted. After all I decided to take a chance no matter what. It was Saturday afternoon ''Salon de Monte'' was crowded by customers. Good thing I had an appointment. My hair stylist Thomas permed and trimmed little bit of my hair. Because of high risk of damage I decided not to dye my hair this time. All together it took almost two hours and there was my new image at a mirror Even my expectation was not high I still left unhappy for the job he had done with my hair. On Sunday I got up early and prepared for going out to see my friends for the brunch. It has been a tradition that we do lunch or dinner together with our family friends on every Holiday. This time we went to the Ground Concord restaurant locates in the Station Square. Every Sunday they serve a very nice buffet with all different kind of food. Approximately ten of us joined for the Memorial Day brunch even some of our friends could not made it. But we had a new friend at a table named Khrys who works at the University of Pittsburgh as an assistant director. As the new person she became a target of a conversation during the brunch. Initially the brunch started questioning for Khrys but ended by wishing to Dennis to have a safe trip to Florida. Later on my husband and I headed to Carnegie history museum to illustrate the history of the World to my oldest son Torro. Over the years we discussed about educating our kids in more efficient way and we reached a consensus that try to do as much as we can do to encourage and modify their acquisition. That is a reason why we do a lot of travel go libraries and museums. Torro loves history and science and now as a sixth grader he is acquiring about American history so concept idea of taking him to Carnegie is like giving him a chance to assess and reassemble what he acquired about at the class. It was such an amazing experience at the Carnegie and everybody enjoyed for the time we spent there. Of course Torro was most satisfied one. As a mother of two young children to spend an efficient time with my family has been quite challenging especially I started attending at ELI. But thanks to the long weekend break I had wonderful time with my children. Wish I can do this more often then I will not feel guilty about myself for my children. Unfortunately I could not do anything relevant to the true meaning of the Memorial Day. Shame on me. But definitely next time.
