My First American Holiday Although Memorial Day is a national holiday in America for remembering solders who died in the past wars American would like to spent time doing activities with their families or friends now a days. They like cooking Barbecues traveling to other places or having parties. As an international student I asked myself what I was going to do in this three day holiday. No classes I decided to take this good opportunity to do my own works. I had a very tiring Saturday. In the morning I participated in gardening activity in the Garden near the big dinosaur. It took me approximately four hours to help gardener move weeds and plan flowers. At the beginning I enjoyed talking with my classmate while I was doing it. Two hours later I was totally tired of it. When they asked me to finish the last section of work I felt terrible because I thought the more we did the more we were going to do next. After coming back home on 12pm I took a quick bath and then I slept until 5pm. I felt exhausted in the evening. Finally I asked my husband to order pizza for the dinner instead of cooking by myself. I felt more cheerful on Sunday. In the early morning I had a significant chat with my previous colleague on line who was one of my team members unlikely to talk with me at that time. She told me she missed me a lot and gave me a meritorious feedback on my past work. I was so glad to have her opinion even it happened three months after I left China. After finishing our breakfast I borrowed lawnmower from the neighbor and asked my husband to mow the grasses in front of our house. While he was doing his work outside I was doing my laundry in basement. Later in the afternoon I started preparing our dinner which included baking lamp with onion mixing salad with rice. My husband and I enjoyed our dinner so much. Since Monday is the Memorial Day my husband and I went to the Soldiers and Sailors National Military Museum Memorial in the afternoon. While I was visiting the museum seeing the letters wrote by the solders during the war moved me. I think it is necessary to demonstrate the war by using these materials such as maps guns photos etc because they would draw a real picture to us and helped us to memory the war unforgettable. I expect we are not going to have any war in the future because nothing is more important than human beings' life. In the end of the holiday I really did plenty of activities within these tree days busy as a bee. Actually I did enjoy my three day holiday. It was a chance to participate outside activities as well as spend time with family. More over living in America I tried to experience American living style which helped me to understand American cultural and history.
