My exciting weekend in Memories Day Memories Day is a national holiday. People remember soldier who was dead in war but it's my funny holiday in America. In this weekend we ate the Japan buffet and went shopping in the Ross Park Mall. Besides we went to the farm near Pittsburgh. There are so many animals and picnic in there. Actually I used my form to celebrate this Day. Because we're bored in fast food we ate the Japan buffet on Saturday. There are so many kinds Japan foods in there. Compared with fast food it's very delicious and not expensive. After lunch we went to the Ross Park Mall and went shopping. In this time so many stores are on sale we bought some clothes in A F American Eagle. In addition we bought a cake in the Cheese Chocolate Factory. I heard people say that they have very delicious cakes. In the evening Mark called me and told me a very terrible thing. He said that the seller forgot to unlock the clothes security which he bought. Due to this situation I thought we need to come back to shopping mall again tomorrow. On Sunday Mark called me and woke up me at 8 00 it's very early. He was hurried about his clothes and complained about the sellers. We looked for the other A F store and went to the waterfront. We drove the car by GPS. I thought that everything was fine but it's the start of our trouble. We spent two hours to find the correct way to Waterfront even if the Waterfront is very close to the Oakland. We got lost. I didn't want to remember doing this stupid thing and I don't believe the GPS again. Whatever we arrived to Waterfront and played some games in the D B. Mark made the sellers unlock his clothes security. I thought he was very happy. In the afternoon we went back to school did my homework. In the evening because my friend came back to Taiwan I have to take care about their cats. I watched TV and accompanied with the cats. It was a very lazy night but I like this feeling. On Monday we went to the farm with the ELI's classmates. The most important thing was that I knew the new friends and went to the outdoor activity. At 9 00 we bought to the subway and went to the farm near Pittsburgh. Julie set up this activity and we have a chance to visit there. There are so many animals in there and played the soccer. Besides we met the little girl and her family. Somebody accompanied with the little girl and draw with her. She was very cute and we talked with her family. I thought it's good for us to train our English. I liked the meadow and sunny day. We can lie on the meadow and breathed fresh air. Nothing is better than this. It's my exciting holiday on Memories day. In this weekend we acquired so much experience in buying clothes. When you bought your clothes remember to check the security lock of your clothes. Besides I thought I have a very exciting weekend. We ate the delicious Japan buffet went shopping in the shopping mall and we had a very wonderful picnic.
