My Memorial Day holiday Every one loves holidays. We always wait for a holiday so we can spend time with our family and friends and enjoy doing some work and activities that we can't do on normal days. Last Monday was a Memorial Day a national holiday and I had a long weekend holidays. Because I didn't plan what I shall do I didn't feel like I did anything special last weekend. Saturday was a busy day. I spent most of my time outdoors with friends. I got up at 8 00 am I had my breakfast then I went out to Carnegie library in Squirrel Hill to take an English class. Before I left the library I ran into a friend who I had studied with at GPLC school couple of months ago. After we had a lunch together I returned back home. Later I was invited to a party at an Asian restaurant. I met many foreign students there and we had wonderful time. We ordered Sushi and it was my first time having a Japanese meal. Sunday was dedicated for my family and chores. First we took our baby to the playground area of the Schenley Park then I went for grocery shopping afterwards. As soon as I came back home I helped my wife to cook our dinner we usually prepare several types of food on Sundays. In the evening I did our laundry then I started watching movie all the night. I tried to understand every word while I was watching the movies so I stayed up late until 3 00 am. Monday was a boring day. I slept in late to catch up on some sleep. I got up at noon when I received a phone call from my relatives. Later I was taking care of my baby while my wife was outside having dinner at her friend's house. I planned to study for the rest of the day because I have a test the next day but unfortunately the baby was distracting me all the time. By the time my wife came back I did nothing only watching the baby and doing random things in my apartment. As I have said my holiday wasn't perfect. Although I did some activates I waste time doing things unimportant. It was sometimes hour here hour there and I ended up the day with nothing was accomplished. Therefore it would be better if I made prior plan for my holiday and stuck with it.
