Do you have any idea Memorial Day in the USA Memorial Day is the day which the US citizens memorize the soldiers who died in wars. It's a national holiday in the 4th Monday in May. The people who live in the USA have 3 day weekend at this time. This 3 day holiday help people have time to do their own works travel and rest. This Saturday was one of my favourite day in Pittsburgh. I did fun things. I met with my friend name is Alihan he is from Turkey too. He is the owner of Giovanni's Pizza Pasta Restourant in 6th street in downtown. He picked me up on afternoon. We ride car with listening Turkish music about an hour. Later we went to Waterfront we walked around had our dinner and shopped. We were there about 4 hour. After than we again ride car around the city with listening Turkish music that we miss. Sunday was good too. Alihan picked me up again and we had our lunch after than he drived to Shenley Park. We lied down the grass and had a rest with talking. There is a silent cool place to relax. It's like meditation. Seeing the blue sky and green grass combination is the thing I used to see in my country. That's why I liked there. On Monday was the Memorial Day so that we have no school like I mentioned. I was planning to go outside alone and walking around the Forbes Avenue at this time Alihan called me and told me that one of his driver found a wallet on the street and in it there is a University Of Pittsburgh identification card. And he asked me which office we should give it to as soon as possible to a Police Station or Panther Center. I went Panther Center and they said its better to give it to them they will call the owner of the wallet. I told this information to Alihan and he came to the dorm and gave it to there. The employes thanked to him. Later we walked around school and took nice pictures to email our families. The pictures that we took in different aspects are great. I liked 3 day weekend. I think there are holidays in USA like this. Ofcourse this 3 day holiday should not mean just rest and travel it has a special meaning. And the meaning should not be only for the citizens should be for all people who are living in the USA and also in the world. Because the soldiers who died in the wars are a human being. The nationality is not important after died. One day we will both die.
