How to Do Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Cardiopulmonary resuscitation is a very important process for life saving. Everyone has prospects of encounter with an unconscious person. Do you understand how to do this at such a time There is a possibility that many lives will be saved by a swift response when we know this process. This process is comprised of three basic steps airway breathing and cardiac compression First if you will encounter somebody who is unconscious you can call for help and an ambulance. At the same time you have to secure a clear airway. Airway management is opening a pathway between a patient's lungs and the outside world. It is not possible to revive because air does not enter into lungs even though providing artificial respiration if the airway is not cleared. The simplest way for clear airway is put your hand on the forehead of the patient and bend the head back softly. Then your the other hand is placed under the chin and lift the chin. Second you have to check for confirmation of breath. You need to look listen and feel for breathing for 10 seconds. You have to give rescue breathing if breathing has stopped. The stoppage of breathing will suffer from a brain damage due to lack of oxygen. Therefore you have to start giving rescue breathing immediately. You must pinch the nose cover the mouth with you own and blow until you see the chest rise. Give two breaths. Each breath should take 1 second. Finally if the patient is coughing or moving still not breathing normally. No oxygen is getting to the brain while the cardiac arrest. You should perform cardiac compression. Push down on the chest 11 2 to two inches 30 times right between the nipples. Pump at the rate of 100 minute faster than once per second. You have to continue with two breaths and 30 pumps until help arrives. We have a penchant for thinking too serious about the cardiopulmonary resuscitation. However it is three simple life saving maneuvers. If you will encounter with the unconscious person you could do the cardiopulmonary resuscitation and save a life.
