RECOMENDATION FOR FINDING A JOB In this time of economic crisis is very important to have several strategies to search a job. It is not easy to acquire a position when the offers are slender. Perhaps many people don't find a good position because they don't choose the right way to acquire it. Many people don't win an official notification because of their profile. There are three possible ways to find a job such as classifieds in the newspaper the internet the contacts with friends or families. It is necessary to assess these options with attention since it might be the key toward the success. The newspaper is a good option the people can acquire this media in restaurants cafeteria bus universities schools supermarkets airports stadiums etc. Therefore in this media of comunication there are many companies that announce opportunities of job. For instance one of the most famous newspaper in Pittsburgh exhibits for every sunday classifieds and whatever people can read the possibilities of employment. In addition some newspapers have discriminated the offers of employment rely on the area or career or the people can offer their service and write the profile with details. It is likely that can exist some person interested to hire someone with a determinated features. Today it is common that the people find a job on the internet in this advanced tool and attainble for everybody. This source is very useful due to the applications can do for this media. In fact many factories put their announcement in websites and they offer some positions avalaible sometimes this positions are offered in differents branches located in other cities or countries. For example if the the factorie require a prestigiuos Chemist which has been working or has worked in the area of Molecular biology and Cellular Biology but the position is offered in some city or country different to the recent city the people can send the curriculum vitae on the internet and don't need to travel. Therefore people have to get the curr ulm vitae ready because in the majority of the cases this websites have some deadlines. In my opinion the contacts can be the best option because many owners chiefs directors or bosses of the companies try to hire recommended people because of their employees friends acquitance families partners etc. The references are very important to obtain a good position with excellent wages. Therefore The priority of the majority jobs of the enterprise are covered for recommendation. For example in UPMC of the University of pittsburgh nobody gives a position to unkown person. Hence they try to find someone recommneded. In conclusion people can have different ways to apply to a job. Nonetheless it is very important to know how to apply and what the best way would be to apply a job. The newspaper internet and contacts are options that has mentioned to search an opportunity of job and these might be good a strategy to achieve a excellent position in the labour world. Neverthethe best of the positions is the acquired contact with the reference of friends collegues or families.
