Studying a new language can be a challenge. Most language learners worry very much if listeners have trouble understanding their pronunciation or when people mutter expressions they don't understand. Then speaking is an important part that gives us the ability to converse with people. In our life we communicate with each other by speaking and pronouncing words. All of us learnt from our parents when we were children how to speak and pronounce the words to communicate with them or other people. There are some steps helping you to improve your skills in the pronunciation when you are learning new language. The most common steps are using to improve your speaking skills knowing the symbols of pronunciation for the letters in the words understanding the relationship between some letters and knowing the pronunciation of the words in different parts of speech. First knowing the symbols of pronunciation for the letters in the words is initial step for speaking correctly. Sometimes letters have different pronunciation than pronounce alone. For instance the letter A when you pronounce it in the word has different pronunciation sometimes as A E and I. When you study especially when you study letters in different place in the words you should study symbols that show the correct pronunciation such as and . You will find those symbols beside the words in the dictionary when you look up for them. Secondly understanding the relationship between some letters is another important step. Some people pronounce some words incorrect because they don't know the relation between some letters and some letters are silent. It can be clearly seen some words have different possible pronunciations. For instance when you gather P and H in the word like physical they will pronounce as F or V . Obviously there are many letters if they come together it will change the pronunciation completely. In addition some words in English from Latin or other languages have different rules and way to pronounce them. You should concern them when you speak. Thirdly knowing the pronunciation of the words in different parts of speech is important to pronounce well. In English some parts of words are spoken more strongly or loudly than others. As well as understanding and recognizing the different sounds of English it's important to understand how stress is used in English to show meaning. Some words have different pronunciation when they come in different part of speech such as conflict as noun or verb. It has different pronunciation in both parts of speech. In this situation the meaning of a word may be affected by the way the word is stressed. In conclusion speaking is the first step for learning language. Improving your skills in speaking wants somebody correction your mistakes and your teacher points out the mistake and tells you the proper way to express your meaning then your knowledge and speaking skills increase. Also watching or listening to mass media is useful to improve your daily conversation. When you speak at natural conversational speed English words are not always heard distinctly but are often connected together. Finally to be able to speak language fluently like a native speaker you will have to speak by using your subconscious mind instead of your conscious mind.
