How to Get a Driver's License at Pennsylvania as an International Student Nowadays it is very common for people to drive a car everywhere especially in America. The car is considered as essential part of life. However to drive a car you must have a driver's license. The driver's license can be used not only a permit for driving a car but also an identification in the States. However if you don't have a driver's license you don't have to worry. There are three steps for an international student to easily get driver's license preparation of necessary documents a driver's test on a computer based system and an actual driving test on the road. First you have to collect documents for the driver's test. The things that you can collect for yourself are a passport and an I 20. You also should complete the application form which is in the guidebook. In addition you must get a reject letter from the Social Security Center and a letter that prove that you are a university student. If you collect all these documents you can go to the next stage. You should study the driver's test which is executed by a computer based system. There are total eighteen questions and you must solve at least fifteen questions. If you miss four questions you will fail the test. However you can take the test again from the next day. There is no additional cost. On the other hand if you pass the test you have to pay a fee by a personal check. Once you pay the fee and get a learner's permit you can make an appointment for your road test. The last stage is to take an actual test on the road. You should go with your friend or parent who already has driver's license. Also the car should be ready for your driver's test. Before you take a driver's test the supervisor will ask you how to manipulate the car such as high beams low beams and so on. Then you will drive the car with the supervisor according to his or her instructions. You have to stop at the stop sign and check the left and right side before you go. I think that the part is the most important in the road test. In conclusion it is little difficult and complicated for an international student to get a driver's license in the United States. In spite of that difficulty I recommend that you get a driver's license. Even though you cannot buy a car a driver's license can be useful. For example you can rent a car and travel many places without the transportation. In addition everywhere in the United States a driver's license can be used as identification. Therefore do not hesitate to get a driver's license and do not give up getting it. If you follow the steps which I explained you definitely get the driver's license.
