Learning a New Language Since that the whole world is growing smaller having command of a second or even a third language is becoming one of the required skills. That is why we need to know how to learn a new language. Basically learning a language requires 5 kinds of skills grammar speaking listening writing and reading. Here I just focous on speaking and listening. First to learn a language you have to speak it out loud. Do not be afraid of making strange sounds everyone make mistakes when they try to learn new things. When you start to learn a language read it out loud is a good meature to let you get use to the language. Second make your pronunciation as natural as you can. Noone would have no accent when they use another language but it is important to reduce it. In order to get rid of your accent try as hard as you can to be surrounded by the language you want to learn. You can post words or phrases where you live. Get any vocal material available that contains the language play it at any time listen to it and if you are free repeat the things you heard. It is a very good way to practice you listening and speaking also. If you know someone who is a native speaker talk to him her as much as you can and never be afraid of making mistakes. It is a good chance to perfect your pronunciation it will help your vocabulary as well. Speaking of vocabulary that is the last thing I want to emphasize you must have large vocabulary. Vocabulary is one of the most basic things that we must have good command of you cannot understand people or express yourself perfectly if you do not have a large vocabulary. Unfortuatly we only have one way to largen it recite words. Although reciting is not a good way to learn a word before you can speak the language with no problem you must remember as many words as you can. Making example sentences is a good way to deepen the impression. Relating the words you try to recite with something you already knew would also help you to remember. Review the words you've recited periodically or you would forgot anything you've recited in 3 months that is what happened to the sat vocabulary I've recited for the test I cannot even tell any of the meaning now after not reviewing for 5 months. Everyone would find the right way for them to learn a new language. And to me the most important thing is that never lose interest in the thing you try to learn.
