Most people believe that they should have more than one language. However those people do not know what is the strategy for acquiring another language. There are four important steps that could encourage any person to start learning a new language which are listening speaking reading as well as writing. First of all No speaking can be imagined without listening. For instance listening for short stories listening for interviews and listening for short and simple conversations regularly. Repeating this listening many times like children when they become able to speak after listening for their parents several times. Moreover gradually they begin to reproduce what they have heard. In addition enjoying listening is a very important step through more practicing and consequently will fix the correct pronunciation of the words in the mind and anyone will be able to utter them as naturally and easily as a native speaker does. Second speaking is considered a crucial point immediately after the listening. In other words practicing speaking whatever heard and speaking practice will train mouth and ears. As a result of that the main ideas of the listening and speaking will get fixed into the memory. Furthermore the words will smoothly and fluently roll out of the mouth. In this step it is obvious that the conversation will not be difficult. Third step is reading. Usually the reading came after listening and speaking because this step shows that the person have already known about the words that have heard and spoken before. Also the reading step demonstrates the ability of understanding the context and the main idea. That is why it needs more practice for assimilating the reading of anything such as an articles or magazines. The reading step also grows the brain skills through guessing the meaning of strange or unknown vocabulary. Last step is writing. This step helps anyone to be able for writing and expressing or interpreting some subjects in very advance level. The different in this step is existing of more professional work and training more than the previous steps. The writing step illustrates the correct spelling of the words and the right grammar while in the speaking for example not. So this is the last step of learning a new language that supports any person to express the information in an advanced way. In conclusion listening speaking reading and writing are the most important steps that can help any person who are looking for learning a new language. So it is recommended that everyone follows these processes to achieve or accomplish learning a new language.
