My city food is extremely healthy Many variety food and healthy food are eaten by people who live in my city. There are a lot of palms in my city which are producing variety vegetables and fruits. For example lettuce carrots tomatoes onions garlic eggplants string beans cucumbers potatoes cantaloupes watermelons lemons grapes and cherries. Moreover my city is the one of the best cities for producing dates over the world. In addition dates contain many things. For instance water calories protein carbohydrates fiber and sugars and these are really important for human nutrition. Beside that my city also involving thousands of sheep goats and camels. Natural fresh water springs have surfaced in my city for millennium. Even the soil there is really suitable for farming. These two things are important for agriculture. Because when people farm in their farms they will not find any troubles for their harvest. Many kinds of food are available in big and small supermarkets in my city. However people there don't face them any problems when they are looking for food. That thing keep them feel comfortable and they don't have to spend much time to look for the food. Most of people there consume a lot of food to ensure they have much quantity from food. However most of families there have more than one child. So these people need to feed their children by finding the full meals and healthy. For example milk with cereal or eggs in the morning is full meal. According to my mother and my aunts in their food methods they usually cook by putting a variety of healthy food. For example when they cook chicken they don't cook it alone without any thing but they try to put a lot of vegetable with it to make sure that the chicken has more benefit than it just cook it alone. Moreover they usually advise us to eat fruits and vegetables which are given us the energy and activity. Actually most vegetables are naturally low in fat and calories. Also eating vegetables and fruits reduce risk of some chronic diseases. People very punctual in their food choosing in my city. So they usually eating the full healthy meal to give them the activity and energy Reference Nutrition Information for Dates Macronutrients from the ANON URLSITE. Retrieved nov. 16 2006 From ANON URLPAGE
