Stressful life is usually come across in a students life. Stresses come from several responsibilities such as exams or grade fear family responsibilities and homeworks. Even somtimes families say Hey son! You don't have another job except studying being a student is more difficult and stressful than it is thought. First terms of a student end with an exam that has a vital significance for a student. Exam fobby starts from the beginning of the term and lasts through trying to catch what a teacher says or emphasizes on. It may occur that some important points might be missed or missing a class might be occurred as well due to some reasons. Then different notes from classmates' might make realizing the class overwhelming. The more difficult one is the day before the exam that has too much notes for a student who has missed adequate amount of lectures to make figuring out the class difficult thus grade fear starts to force on a student which may imperfect mental condition of a student. Second teachers always give several homeworks that are related to the class. In order to keep students warm and prepared to the exams this has considerable importance. On the other hand some teachers augment content of them and increase the amount of homeworks exclusively in engineering departments that those might cover students' life by such a web that is a reason of lack of adequate free time to entertain. Inadequate fun time might cause depressive hours in students' life and also cause depletion in efficiency in studying whereas the pressure invades students' mental and also physical structure. Third and probably the highest pressure of being a student is becoming aware of responsibilities towards to a family. There are many students who are being supported by their family. That situation always has a place in students' mind and spontaneously pushes a student who becomes aware of that responsibility. Student may begin to ask such questions like What is going to happen if I failed! Or How can I explain that failure to my parents As a conclusion stress pressure and even depression are not only in the life of workers in a student life those things can be obviously found. Exams have a vital role and that is enough for a human to have a fear that create a pressure and also homeworks. Responsibilities towards a parent create for a student who become aware of them can easily make a pressure on her or him. Hence being a student is more than a being a student.
