When you face the new environment you have a lot of problems and difficulties. Especially when you go to another country you gain strong shocks in your minds because everything is different from your own countries' ones. In my case I have three pressures as one of international students because of language the difference of cultures and the time limit. First of all I have the biggest pressure about English. Right after I came to America I could not speak English almost at all. I felt so frustrated about that although I had something to speak or tell someone I could not say anything because of my poor language skill. In addition when I tried to tell others something they could not understand my English. Sometimes I did not want to talk with other people because I was so scared that the lack of my English made me so disappointed so much and other people were not able to understand what I said. Second pressure was the big differences of cultures between American and Japanese cultures. I lived in the dormitory in the last semester and then I had some uncomfortable situations. In Japan university students do not live in the dormitory so it was the first experience for me I had not shared one room with someone who I did not know. For example I had some troubles with my roommate. I felt stressful about the dormitory life. Especially I could not understand her relationship with her boyfriend. Another difference is an academic culture. In my country students generally do not have tons of assignments in a university we do not need to stay up until midnight to finish up homework. However we had to work hard to prepare for the next day's class everyday in America otherwise I could not participate in the class so much. It was another pressure for me to adjust the huge amount of work in last semester. Last factor of pressures is the time limit. I came to America as an exchange student I can only stay here for a year so I have to acquire English in the limited period. If I had more time I do not need to hurry up to obtain English. Unfortunately I cannot do that. I have to try to do everything in one year not to regret my American life. Actually I realize it is very difficult to get good oral English skill in twelve months because even though I worked hard for English in last four months I could not achieve my aim in the spoken English. I notice that it takes long time to get fluent English speaking for me. Therefore I am sometimes afraid that I might not achieve my target. In conclusion when people come across the unfamiliar situation you feel uncomfortable anxious and scary about the unusual environment. As everyone feels so I also have several difficulties as one of international students such as using a different language cultural differences and the deadline for going back to Japan.
