Welcome! I'm ANON_NAME_0. My nickname is Yunami. My friends usually call me Yunami instead of ANON_NAME_1. I think it makes sound cute so I like it. I've been living in Pittsburgh since last January. I built this website to record my experience in the U. S. And to introduce my interests or hobbies. I hope you enjoy reading it as well as keep in touch with you. I went to Philadelphia last weekend. My daddy's friend Mr. Nam lives in Ambler near Philadelphia. I invited by him. His wife prepared a fancy dinner such as teriyaki beef organic vegetables with wine I loved it. Next day I went to Independence Hall in downtown Philadelphia. I saw the Liberty Bell. It has been showing several symbols such as freedom democracy and liberty. I thought it is a representative thing in the U. S. Also I visited the University of Pennsylvania. It has built for 200 years ago so the buildings were antique. On Memorial Day I went to the Longwood Garden in Kennett Square. There were many plants and flowers. There was really broad I have walked there for 3 hours. There were exotic plants so I took a lot of photos. Especially I enjoyed a conservatory and fountains in main square Longwood Garden. They made me be delighted. I bought some souvenirs a cactus and three potpourris for my friend and me. During last weekend I really had fun in Philadelphia. One of my interests is making something new. For example I have been to Icheon in Korea which is a popular Pottery village. There were a lot of potteries and traditional ovens for baking china. Many ceramists have been living there for several decades they have been keeping their skill from previous generations. I made an earthen ware which was a container. I have preserved it since 2002 I have been using it very usefully. When I was a child I preferred to make something by clay. When I had free time I used to go to the gallery where could make plates or mug cups in Seoul. In addition I also love to dish up food such as serving salads filling desserts putting in some special dishes. For example when I was living in Kyoto I used to serve fancy desserts. I was concerned how I could serve dishes good looking. My friend loved to eat my dishes which served lovely. I was assured of that good looking is good eating. I have been putting in my dishes for myself. I felt satisfying even thought I ate a dish alone. Another hobby for me is to collect Kitty's goods. When I was a kid I had much stuff from Sanrio. One of characters in Sanrio is Kitty which is a cute cat with a hair ribbon. It has made pink color I have been having a lot of pink Kitty's good. I have been using mouth pad which had a Kitty's face. I used to stick Kitty's stickers on my dairy. I have been tagging Kitty's strip on my cell phone. Kitty has not mouth like expressionless face but I can imagine she is happy or not every time. It has been attracting me. If you have an interest please join me!
