I came in Pittsburgh last winter. I have never been to U. S. Before. Living in the U. S. For myself it needs to have a lot of challenges. I feel the pressures of being international student in the U. S. Such as different cultures languages and money. Different cultures between U. S. And Korea are the most stressful thing for me. For example food in the U. S. Is different from Korean food. Mostly American food is quiet oily and salty. People in the U. S. Usually eat fast food or snack with some sauces. Korean food is usually consists of rice soup and vegetables which are fermenting food. I usually eat rice with vegetables every meal. If I want to eat vegetables the ingredients and cuisine are considerably different so it is also a trouble for me. American prefers to eat fried food or meat with sauces or some sweet desserts but I prefer to eat raw fish and vegetables I do not like to eat pungent food. Another pressure of being international student in the U. S. Is a language problem. When I came here I could not understand what people say something as well as I could not speak English. For example when I forgot my luggage in the airport I had to explain my luggage style size and color etc. I should ask the airline service man to look for it and deliver to my apartment. Actually I received it safely the next day at my apartment but I regretted my behavior at the airport. I was so nervous at that time I just wrote some information on paper I could not speak English one more word. If I have a good idea I can not express my opinion appropriately. The last pressure of being international student in the U. S. Is money. Studying abroad has to concern about money because I have to pay my tuition every semester and rent fee every month. In addition the exchange rate of the Korean currency against the U. S. Dollar is high so I relatively feel like to live in poverty. Therefore I do not make a good living. I always have to consider of living expenses. For example my parents support me to learn English for a while but they do not remit money enough. Also In U. S. There are a lot of taxes such as buying stuffs eating out and paying bills it seems to pay extra money for me. I must save my money habitually I can not buy expensive goods. I think different cultures languages and money make me press as international student in the U. S. However I already adjusted in the U. S. It should be better than before. If I get experience more and more and I have a positive mind it should be fun in the U. S.
