Studying in The United States of America is a good idea but at the same time being an international student is hard. There are a lot of pressures of being an international student. For example most of the international students face a lot of problems like finding a proper apartment language barrier different culture homesick money issues friends Visa issues and policies etc. In my opinion I think that the most important pressures are language barrier money issues and homesick. One of the pressure is the language barrier. For example taking an English test is require to attend any University in The States. In addition to that there are only two types of English tests either TOEFL or IELT. Also you have to learn the American way of studying i. E. You should know how to write an essay and how to take notes etc. Furthermore international students spend more time studying comparing to American students in any subjects because they have to translate the words. Another pressure is money issues. First issue is the currency because you will probably loss some money when you exchange currencies. For example if you transfer money from your country to the United States of America in this case you have to pay transferring fees and foreign exchange. Second issue is that living in The United States of America is more expensive than some other countries. For example the apartments in Saudi Arabia are cheaper than The United States of America. In addition there are a lot of expenses for international student such as university tuition apartment rent bills etc. Finally international students have to have a back up money which means they should keep some money in case of anything. The most important pressure for the international students is the homesick. There are a lot of reasons that makes the international students feel homesick. For example they are usually missing their family and their friends. Also making new friends is difficult some time because of the differences in cultures and mentalities. In conclude language barrier money issues and homesick are the most important pressure for international students. Because of these pressures I think that the universities in The United States of America should help and cooperate with the international students.
