There is a Chinese saying that students are like worms in the class but like dragons after the class. In Taiwan it is common that university students are sleepy in the class but full of energy in the night. Everyone knows that such behavior is not healthy for the body. However it almost becomes a part of the rules of university life to stay up late. What causes them to be used to such an inverse life style Here are some reasons to explain. First of all there are many evening classes in universities which end at nine or nine thirty. After these classes students go back home or to their dormitory very late with lots of homework or examinations to prepare for. On the other hand many classes start at nine or ten o'clock in the morning. Therefore their daily schedules are shifted a little later than other people's. Especially if they cannot complete their work they will need to burn the midnight oil. In addition different kinds of night life attract university students. One is the student associations or clubs. Student clubs like the Scout Association the Sign Language Club or the Ballroom Dancing usually have routine activities after classes during weekdays. Usually they make students go home very late. Moreover if they are holding some specific programs due to preparations for them they may have to stay up very late. Another popular activity is having late night snacks with friends. While American students like to go to bars in Taiwan students like to get together and enjoy late night snacks. Thus it is not surprising that they go to bed very late. Furthermore roommates also play an essential role in this issue. For instance when I was studying in the university living in a dormitory meant sharing a room with three other students. As a result if someone plays music or computer games very loudly he will disturb others. Unfortunately it was a very common situation and I believe that it is still usual today. Even though we can ask our roommates to turn down the volume or to use headsets instead lamps and the sound of a clicking mouse or keyboard may interrupt someone's sleep too. In conclusion since university students in Taiwan usually have night classes student association activities night life and some noisy roommates staying up late is a trend among them. Most of us admit that this behavior will lead to deficits in our learning. Nevertheless this is also considered a life experience and a unique stage. Thus the only thing we are concern about is not to modify it but to achieve our goal and enjoy our university life at the same time.
