No doubt that being an international student puts me under pressure and from my personal experience I can say that there are many factors like culture shock language and relationships. Indeed I can present these pressures in those main three aspects . First I think that the hardest pressure that faced me when I first arrived to USA was culture shock especially when I felt that everything changed in my life. Secondly the academic challenges are also one of the difficulties which I wonder about all the time. Moreover making new relationships and keeping in touch with my friends in Bahrain is a tough challenge for me also. It took only a few days for me to recognize the huge difference between my Arabic Culture and the USA Culture. I experienced really enormous culture shock in the beginning. However the hardest aspect that faced me here is to be independent and separate from my family. Things like homesick waking up without having my mother's homemade breakfast and now having lunch and dinner by myself is definitely a new experience for me. In addition the weather environment and food makes me really homesick. Everything here in the US is different in comparison to my country. For example quickly changing weather unhealthy fast food and the speedy pace of the environment make me feel that I am really shocked. Like every international student I came to the US to receive an academic degree and that also puts extreme pressure on me. Therefore I spend most of the day applying to universities working hard to improve my language to reach the universities' admission requirements by attending the ELI classes doing my homework and researching for my assignments. Those are some of the valid pressures which I must face here. Even though there are very kind classmates with me in the ELI making new friends out of this circle is still a pressure. In my opinion making relationships abroad is more difficult than in your own country because of the language culture and the time shortage. And while nobody can live alone I feel that making new friends here in the US is very difficult for me. On the other hand the pressure of keeping in touch with my friends in Bahrain might be more difficult than making new friends here . Thus I think that both relationships in the US and in my country are the greatest pressures I am facing from being an international student in the USA. To conclude it is a normal thing to face those mentioned pressures. Approximately 70 of the international students that I spoke with them about that told me that they feel it so I am not the only one who is under the pressure. Also I must always remembering that I have a goal to achieve here in the USA so I must do my best to get my Masters Degree in Law. Moreover I should realize that my country paid a lot of money for me in order to make me able to gain the benefits of studying in the USA that is why I am keen on beating the difficulties of the pressures of being an international student.
