I don't think that there is someone who has got success without any pressures. I believe that mental pressures in the US pressure me in a good way to be better as a foreign student. These following pressures will help me to succeed in the US as an international student. The first thing that pressures me is English. Whatever I do in the States the most important basic will be English. Studying English in the ELI has been assisting me to speak and write English correctly. The teachers usually give us a bunch of homework every day. Even I do not like doing homework I do in duty. The ELI also offers me many effective chances to speak such as impromptu speech RSA talk time conversation partner and fun activities. Besides the ELI talking to the Native Americans teaches me a lot of things I cannot learn from a normal class. Sometimes I don't understand their speedy talking and they don't understand what I try to say because of my pronouncing. However I know that the difficulties to learn English would be a motive to master it. The second pressure for me is cultural differences. First of all when I am with white people I feel that we are basically different. Hesitation to talk with native speaker is from my thought. That is one obstacle to learn the culture of the States. Additionally hobby is one other difference. I especially love soccer. If Americans love soccer it would be much easier to make friends and have opportunities to speak English. Soccer doesn't seem a universal sport in the US. Also food is the last problem of dissimilarity. Before I came to the States I didn't worry about food in the US because I thought I am definitely not sensitive at food. While I was in the dormitory of a college last fall semester I didn't have any chance to eat Korean food at all. It was really difficult time not to eat Korean food for me. Since then I have usually eaten Korean food in my place. The efforts to get used to the culture are going to be the benefits in the future. The last pressure is expectation from family friends and school back in Korea. Notably my family has been doing great for me a lot. I cannot disappoint them. When I hit slump Thinking of family guides me to the right way to get out of it. Also even if remembrance of my friends that is always a part of my hearts occasionally takes me to nostalgia. While it sounds gloomily miserable for you it is my pleasure to think of them in the States. They are expecting that I speak English flawlessly. I know it is impossible to be perfect for about 1 year. I will do my best to be faultless. Furthermore I expect myself to be better one every night before sleeping. I can accept my first mistake. The same mistake that happens again is reasonable to be scolded. Being expected is able to make you stressful. Dealing with it wisely is the way to help myself. Everybody knows that there are many stresses to be a student in other country. Awareness of pressures as motivation is an excellent direction. I am sure that overcoming the problem I own as an international student will bring remarkably successful outcome.
