The pressures of being student History of human has many things to study. A thousand year before we prefer someone so strong to be the leader but today is change. We prefer the person who is good at knowledge. This is the reason why the most of people today want to learn in order to gain skill knowledge and experience. When become student they will confront with pressures that come from family's expectation their grade and time management. Parents expect their children educated in university to achieve a college degree. Parents have to spend a lot of money for tuition of their children so that they will get resource enough to reach their target. Parents also hope their children to complete college degree on normal time because the longer they take the more money parents pay. Parents love their children. So do their children. Both of them don't want each other disappoint. Meanwhile students have to carry pressure from family's expectation. Students have to pay attention on their grade. The final exam is one of all aspects to evaluate students who must get enough score in order to pass to study on higher level. Students have to make many tests during each term that make students use more energy to prepare for it. Homework make student consume their free time instead of resting. They have to do it because it will help them gain skill and experience and it is one part of grade. Making good grade will push students to face with pressure. Time management makes students have the pressure. Firstly homework make student have to use a lot of time to do it in order to submit it before deadline. Students have limited time in their tests that pressure them to do their tests finishing before time out. Students also have to be on time every class meanwhile if they come late they may miss something importance. It has many factors to make them late such weather traffic etc. This is the reason while time management pressure student. Today education system is one of the best ways to help students have time to cope with their pressures from their family's expectation their grade and managing their time. The pressure they have will make them get experience to handle with the pressure in their working life in the future.
