As an international student I am facing pressures in three main areas. I am facing pressures from being in completely new environment for example I am dealing with a new language unfamiliar food and a different culture etc . I am also experiencing financial pressure from financial and unexpected expenses. Finally My family and friends expect me to do very well so I feel pressure to achieve their expectation. Everything in my new environment is completely different including speaking a new language even if I have been studying English for a long time learning to adjust to a new school system and meeting new friends from a part of the world that have a different culture. And eating unfamiliar food such as pizza hamburger etc It is not a new food for me but when I was in Thailand. I did not eat it often. However in the U. S. I did not have a lot of choices so I had it often more than when I was in Thailand. Also the weather is very different from my home country because we do not have snow but we have a lot of sunshine. Last but not least in this completely new environment is culture shock. One day I went to the club with my friends. I was surprised to see the American dancing style which is very different from Thai dancing style. The second area is financial pressure from high costs and expenses I had not planned. The tuition is expensive and I did not get scholarship from the government and my family gives me some money so I have to be careful about spending money for everything. Unexpected expenses are also my pressure too. For example when Thai students graduate we will have a big party or when some of my friends give birth my friends and I will buy present for them. Also clothes rent and food are more expensive than I planned. The third area is pressure from family and friends. My family support my study in US and they expect me to be great. I feel so much pressure do well and not disappoint them. Also my friends from Thailand ask me about school and expect me get good grades. I feel pressure to do very well and do not want people not say bad things on me because of Thai social value. They always expected that their children will good at everything especially in education and have a good job. These three areas give me pressures of being international student. Everyone has pressures but being in new environment having financial problem and achieve family expectation are I have as international student. However I know if I can get over it. I will grow up and be ready for the real world. So don't let unexpected situation throw you. Believe in yourself. You can do it.
