It is very precious experience for me to study in the US. We can see many people from various countries and learn many different cultures in class for international students. Obviously that has many positive aspects in my life. However some kinds of pressures are inseparable from being an international student in the US these are pressures caused by living environment communication and being considered as a representative of my country Japan. First of all environmental factors in Pittsburgh cause pressures to me. I am living too far from my family and my friends in Japan so I miss them too much. Besides it is difficult for me to find Japanese foods and goods which are familiar with me. Difference of climate also makes me have a hard time. We have four seasons clearly in Japan but I feel it suddenly changes from winter to summer in Pittsburgh. These factors are combined and make me be depressed. Second I feel pressures of communication skills in English. I am always afraid if I can correctly understand what people say and make understand someone by my English speaking. One day I got two large cups of coke which I didn't order in a first food store. At that time I couldn't have enough skills to claim this situation. This wasn't big deal but such mistakes could be serious problems in more important cases such as finance insurance and lease contract etc. I feel pressure from myself to improve English skills to avoid such problems. Furthermore there are pressures to be considered as a representative of Japan. People often ask me about Japanese cultures and matters. That is my pleasure but it could be a pressure at the same time I am not confident to explain Japanese cultures and matters to the people well. I am not a person who knows everything about Japan completely. I confuse that someone from a deferent country have image 'stereotype' Japanese. I am not a 'stereotype' Japanese. I also feel pressures when my behavior may affect image that someone have against Japanese. As a conclusion I think the most important thing is to stay positive and optimistic. I think that unpleasant ideas generate negative behaviors and results. In other way happy ideas make positive event. If I can keep good mood in spite of these pressures my life in the US would be more meaningful experience for me.
