The Cause of That People Are Living Longer At present people are living longer than previously. This situation seems to be good for people. However that people are living longer will contribute to the aging of the population. This situation will bring about many serious issues. For example young people will have to pay attention to taking care of elders so they cannot concentrate on their jobs. They may arrange for their parents to go to nursing houses but they will pay the expenses for their parents. It would be a heavy economic burden. Besides if a country has this situation in which people are living longer the government must budget an enormous amount of money for medical care social welfare and so on. They will pay most for taking care of the elders in their country instead of developing other fields. It might lead this country to lose competitive strength in the world. Nevertheless that people are living longer is a tendency because the medical technology is developing the standard of living is improving and people have more healthy habits. First of all one cause of people living longer is the highly developed medical technology. Nowadays many organizations are devoted to doing various kinds of medical research. The researchers develop a variety of vaccines. They can protect people from suffering from some diseases. For instance a lot of elders inject the flu vaccines so the number of elders who suffer from the flu decreases. This means the chance of the elders dying from the flu decreases a lot. Because of these programs doctors know how to cure their patients' illnesses. The patients receive their doctor's and nurses' treatment and care. They can recover their health. Besides the improvement of people's standard of living is another reason that people are living longer. Previously people emphasized how to earn money. Some of them sometimes did not even have money to prepare their meals. Needless to say they could not spend money seeing a doctor when they got sick. Many people died since they delayed getting a cure. However people's living conditions have improved. People have more money to pay the medical expenses. Furthermore the health insurance can also help the poor people to solve this problem. Also the present people emphasize not only how to earn money but also their environments. They try to do their best to have a wonderful and clean surroundings. It can reduce the occurrence of diseases. In addition that people have more healthy habits results in their living longer. Many people have changed their ways of life. They know the importance of nutrition so they pay attention to their eating habits and food. They eat light food instead of the high calorie food. Also they reduce eating fat and sodium because they will harm peoples' bodies. Besides people know exercise is good for health. Many people like to go to the gyms or go jogging when they have free time. Because of this they have more energy to face challenges in their lives. The condition of people living longer is a tendency now. With the development of the medical technology many medical researchers can help doctors know how to cure their patients' diseases which were incurable in the past. In addition the standard of living has improved and is another cause of letting people live longer. People have more money and get knowledge to improve their living environments. They pay attention to the environmental sanitation. They do their best to have clean surroundings. Also people have ideas for maintaining good health. They know they should eat the nutritious food and exercise regularly to maintain their health so that they have more energy to solve various problems.
