There are some pressures which make me have difficult time as an international student in the United State or any countries. For example I have been here in the United States for almost 14 months as an international student. These pressures include money language and culture shock. First of all the money is principal for an international student because I am living out of my country. If I do not have enough money it will be hard to me and make me very pressures. I am enthusiastic before I came to United States. After that I had been defeated in that problem. International student required the money. For example I will require the money to enter the University transportation food and house. That is big pressures for me. Second international students should utilize second language for everything. In fact I rely on to speak English as second language in the buses shopping school and people. Because I have been living in the United State I have to speak English as second language for me. However my first language is Arabic. I had better speak English because I know some of people speak Arabic . The language is principal for international students especially English. In fact learning how to write or speak in English can be a frustrating experience for many international students. Finally there are a lot of international students have impacted to culture shock. In fact I really surprised when I came to United State. I can't live in this country because I had big culture shock in Pittsburgh such as food people home culture environment and rule. Also I don't think all international students have culture shock because some of international students have the same or similar culture. In conclusion these were indicated the pressures of being an international student. However I do not think so all the international students the some level but for me I know those things. Maybe it will be hard first time but it is very easy after 5 months. However the pressures to me are money language and culture shock.
