Autism Autism is a disorder that every parent must know about it and how to deal with it. We hear a lot about it nowadays and there are special schools for autistic children. One of the recent studies shows that there is one autistic child in every 166 children. This disorder does not differentiate between racial ethnic and social groups. Autistic children cannot communicate with others in an easy way. It may be diagnosed when the child is three years old. The parents are the first people who can notice unusual behaviors in their child. Autistic children have specific behaviors that they repeat. Symptoms in these children vary they may be very severe or they may be mild. There are several things that are important to you as a reader to know where does autism come from and is there any cure for this disorder. Moreover the large number of vaccines that children take might be one of the causes of autism. There are children who were normal before taking all these vaccines. Using antibiotics a lot or in unnecessary situations can also cause this brain disorder. In addition minerals are important for every child so any lack of them can cause autism. These are some possible of that may cause autism but they are not all of them and genetics and environmental factors play an important role. Although there is no specific way or means which may prevent autism and there are no treatments that a child can go through and be cured of this disorder. However researchers say that the early intervention can help in curing the child and he may improve his behaviors. The programs have several things that they focus on means of communication skills and the social life of the child. Unfortunately nobody could come up with a cure for autism yet. There are a lot of treatments that doctors came up with but they could not agree on one treatment which can cure the children of this disorder. We must not forget hope researchers are trying hard to find a solution for autistic children especially because it is becoming more obvious nowadays. Until such cure is discovered parents have to take their autistic children to the programs trying to cure their children. Some children have been cured in these programs so there is hope. Knowing that Autism is treatable is an important idea that everyone must know. Parents who have an autistic child must take care of him her by taking him her to good programs schools and trying to take them out to be social. The earlier these children receive the right treatment the better for them to be cured of it. They can live a normal life but still they must handle it more slowly than others. Knowing more about autism can help you to cure either your children or others.
