The pressures of being a mother Congratulations! You are a mother. Enjoy from your new job. It's a really important job very creative and enriching. Mom she took my car I want that that and that I have a bubu . Who wants to be a mom and why I wanted to be mom all my life and now I ask myself why. Being a mother rely puts you under pressure. Many times I find myself running from one place to another. I don't have spare minute taking care of my needs and I need to be a doctor and know all the answers out of nothing. Time can you remind me what is it I always should be there don't mater where is this there there I must be. Run run and run after my children. I should bring them on time to pre school and never pick them up late. When one of my children have a lesson like gym Be sure that I will be there to take them to the gym exactly on time. To be mommy it's so stressful I need to be there when they sleep awake run smile cry and more. I start to be tired just from writing all of this and of course I have more. Now I have another question for you did you see my time I am asking because I didn't find it. I looked everywhere and it seems that my time disappeared. I forgot when was the last time that I went to the restroom by my self or when I slept for all the night. I think that 24 hours a day is not enough for a mammy. Time to my self is really hard to find especially when I really need it like to do my h. W. The most projecting the one that make most of the pressures is to be doctor or nurse when the need arises. I need to know what to do wan something append to one of my child I fill that I most find the solution. For example last week my son got a bee sting and I found myself in a new situation. I knew that I must find solution to help him. Ander common problem with ANON_NAME_0 children is high fiver in this situation I need to choose if to teak them to the doctor or just to give medicine. I find that from the moment that I have be cam a mother I always need to be ready. Despite all that I must say that being a mother with all the presser is the job of my life. I'm really happy that I got this opportunity. I got allot from them like the first smile the first step and more. I can surly say that it's worth every moment.
