The movie that I have seen was about a lady her name is Olivia. She was living with her half sister ANON_NAME_0 who was older than Olivia. The events started when Olivia and ANON_NAME_0 were having dinner with Olivia's father who got married another woman after his wife who Olivia's mother died. After that he had a daughter her name is Sally. During the dinner they were talking and the little girl whose name is sally was talking with Olivia but from her responds was obvious that Olivia was jalousie of sally because she was living with her father. One day while Olivia was at her school where she spends a lot of time received a call which was from ANON_NAME_0. She told her that her father and his wife were killed in a car accident which made her felt unconscious. Suddenly Olivia found herself responsible for half sister her father's lawyer told her that. She refused that and so ANON_NAME_0 did because Olivia was 21 year old she just knew how to take care herself but she was not able to take care of someone else. The lawyer who was his father's friend tried to convince Olivia to live with her sister Sally. She forced to live with Sally whom she dislikes. In fact the relationship between them was very weak. Olivia had studying besides taking care of her sister which caused her getting low scores on her tests. Therefore she asked ANON_NAME_0 to live with her and Sally. Once Olivia went to Sally's school to pick her. Sally's teacher told her that Sally did very well that day also she wrote a story about two sisters whose relationship was bad then it started to change by trying each of them to be closer to other. Consequently Olivia tried to improve the relation with Sally by sleeping with her on the same bed also by encouraging her during soccer match that sally plays because she player in school's tem. By this time Olivia had had boyfriend who told her that he must travel and he wants to take her with him. So she told the lawyer that. During Olivia was in the lawyer's office discussing that Sally herd over ANON_NAME_0 take on the cell phone and she said that Olivia will leave Sally and will go with her boyfriend. So Sally ran away angry. After that Olivia and the lawyer came to Sally's house to tell her about that. The lawyer entered Sally's bedroom in which she spend a lot of time enjoying her hobby which was painting nice pictures. However he didn't find her. Then he asked ANON_NAME_0 who was surprised about that. They look for her in entire the house but they didn't find her. In the backyard there was a private room for Sally's mother. Eventually they found her there and she was hiding between the clothes she was crying for two reasons on of them was because Olivia will leave her alone and the other because she remembered those days when she enjoyed designing cloths whit her mother in this room. Olivia approached Sally but Sally shout and said to Olivia that she hates her because she will leave her alone. The lawyer convinced Sally by telling her that Olivia will travel for short time. The next day they made a small party for Olivia before Sally goes to the bed she asked Olivia to promise her that she will wake her to say good bye before she leave at that night Olivia felt that Sally really needs her to stay with her also Olivia herself can't live without Sally. Therefore she decided to stay with her for ever. So she went to her boyfriend whom she love very much and told him her decision. At the morning Sally woke up suddenly and looked on her watch then she left her bed quickly and ran down stairs. Actually she found ANON_NAME_0 on the stairs and she asked her why Olivia went without saying good bye for her. Suddenly Olivia came toward Sally and told her that she will stay with her for ever and gave her a strong hung. Lastly they lived happy life together.
