Do Apes Laugh When Tickled Scientists made a new research for the origins of the laughter between human and apes tried to find out their similarities and differences. UK researcher Marina Davilla Ross recorded the laughter of apes such as gorillas and bonobos orangutans chimps whose share a common ancestor with humans. She made her recording from the European zoos and she said it was fascinating that how they responded to the caretakers when they were tickled. She analyzed the recording with Michael Owren a scientist of the Georgia State University who studies acoustic of human laughter. Initially Michael Owren thought that the panting sounds made by tickled chimps had anything to do with the distinctive ha ha ha of human laughter and he was reluctant to think of the chimpanzee pant like vocalizations as being laughter. And he did not necessarily believe that there was a common origin between those sounds and human laughter . But after his careful studies with Marina Ross for the various acoustic features in the recordings of the tickled apes how many acoustics made in burst whether sounds made in exhale inhale or both and how the voice cords vibrated they reached a consensus that There is a reveling pattern of similarities and differences among these five related species and the evolutionary origins of human laughter can be traced back at least 10 to 16 million years to the last common ancestors. And specific features of these sounds then got exaggerated or changed over evolutionary time as the different apes emerged. Now Mr. Owren believes that All these sounds do seem to have a common origin evolutionarily speaking and he is now comfortable calling them all laughter. He says learning more about that could help reveal the function of laughter in human relationships. After all people don't just laugh when they're tickled. He said there is a reveling pattern of similarities and differences between these 5 related species. ANON_NAME_0 Provine neurologist of the University of Maryland who studies laughter he thinks the roots of laughter might go even further back and would like to see more studies like this one that compare different animals' playful sounds. He thinks that it's about time we get out there start tickling the dogs and the cats and the pigs the rats as well as the chimpanzees through these experience we'll learn a lot about what we have in common as well as our differences. But there are still many animals such as whales have not been studied and Mr. ANON_NAME_0 Provine claims that people really haven't looked into this. Provine thinks laughter hasn't gotten a lot of attention from scientists because it's such an everyday thing that it often goes unnoticed.
