The Pressure of Being a Student Studying to achieve a goal is not always easy to do. A goal can be described as an objective or aim. For example for students who want to become a teacher they must get good grades get a college degree and do well on teaching exams. It is very difficult to be a student because there is a lot of pressure everyday by managing their time dealing with financial problems and study to get good grades. One of the pressures of being a student is time management. Every student should plan their time in everything they do because it is important. For example most of the students use a time table to make their schedule for the day. This is very useful to some students because they are slower and they need more time to finish their homework. Secondly they don't have time to spend with their friends. They want to spend more time with their friends but they should study and do their homework. Lastly they don't have enough time to relax. Relaxation is important because everyone needs a break and will help you stay healthy. The second pressure of being a student is dealing with finances. Students need money for buying books at the beginning of every semester. They need books for school because they use them do homework and read information about classes. If they don't have enough money to buy books it can cause stress because they should use them everyday. Activities are important also to help students be happy make friends and relax. Lastly the students need finances for bus fare and food. If they don't have money they may not attend school. The third pressure of being a student is getting good grades. Students wanting good grades in a class will be forced to study hard. For example if the student wants to get an A in a class he or she must study hard everyday to better know information for a class. Secondly daily attendance in class will help you get good grades. It's impossible to get an A in a class if the student's attendance is bad because they will not get all the information from the teacher and they will miss activities. Lastly students should do every exercise or homework assigned by the teacher while in class or at home. They should work very hard in doing exercise in class and even homework at home because those can help them to get good grades in every class. In conclusion it is hard that being a student dealing with the pressure of their time management financial problems and getting good grades in classes. The question is Can students overcome these problems that put a lot of pressure on them If they can plan their time wisely use a budget for their finances and study hard the answer should be Yes . I predict that all students will achieve their goals if they can do the above.
