A science of personality identification seems very interesting to me. I used to take a lot of different tests that claimed to help identify your personality type or category. I trusted this kind of tests and results which looked very truthful for me. Thinking about the people categories that were being developed by Katharine Briggs and her daughter I can easily define my types as introvert intuitive feeler and perceiver. However I am not sure which one fits me more that another. I found some similarities between every category description and myself. For example I am a person who is silent and quiet and who prefers to work by herself than in a group of people. I am a person for whom making new friends is not easy. Being in a place where I do not know anyone makes me feel nervous. I do not like risks but I like the calm. These qualities likely fit introverts who are guided by their inward life. The intuitive type is the type of people who do not live here and now. These are people whose thoughts are not practical. They like to dream to think about the past or the future. These are people who always doubt and hesitate. These personal qualities fit me closely. Even choosing in a menu in a restaurant is a big problem for me. I like to analyze the behavior or the mistakes that were made in the past by me or someone else. I think that I am a person who can easily understand other people's emotions and feelings. At the same time I can easily be offended. This fits a feeler. Common sense and logic which fit thinkers are not my major qualities. It's obvious to me that I am not a judger. I very often begin several things which I never finish. Punctuality and precision which are not peculiar to perceivers are not my characteristic either. I am always late and even when my watch is ahead of time. I can change my mind and my opinions several times in a day which is one of the characteristics of perceivers. I am sure that knowing about how people are divided into different personality types and categories can be very useful. It can help you learn why people's behavior is so different and to find a way to better communicate.
