Health and Chinese Diet One fifth of people on the earth live in China. If those people more care their diet and learn the nutrition of food it will lesson the medical care cost for the world. Also the rate of some disease will decrease. Actually most of China diets are healthy but some of people have many wrong ideas about cooking style after they can get enough foods. In terms of knowledge of nutrition and eating habits some of Chinese are unhealthy way. Even though nutrition is one of the most popular words for Chinese now some of Chinese people like to learn more information about their diet and make some changes in their life some of Chinese change their diet very hard. The foods in China weren't enough in 35 years ago and the west called it was a hungry country. That's true. So few of people cared their nutrition and those people had little knowledge about nutrition. Some wrong concepts influenced people. For example most of people thought that pouring more oils on their dishes made the food delicious. Eating a lot of meat showed they became rich. Even when a person invited friends they might use several different meats serve their guests. That meant they thought those were the best foods. The fried foods as a traditional diet in the New Year Festival were very popular in the north of China. ANON_NAME_0 Mirkin of Mirkin Medical Consultants said The fried foods are not only added calories that make deep fried food less healthful. However in China nowadays more and more people can care of their diet. Some people may give up the fried foods or just eat a little. Vegetables and fruits become the favorite foods for young people especially for young females. More and more concepts of nutrition are coming the people of mind. For instance lessoning the salt on the diet adding the milk and yogurt and adapting some cooking style are some basic changes in China. The good idea is instead of the wrong one but some people live the remote villages need to change more bad habits now. Going out instead cooking at home becomes a fashion for people live in some big cities. More and more people enjoy going out. They buy breakfast in a restaurant which just serves breakfast. They like to choose a fast food restaurant for their lunch because there near their offices. They also like go out for dinner with friends because there are delicious. Many new couples still keep a completely new kitchen after they were married for two or three years. The various restaurants satisfy their stomachs. It is convenient for the young people who really don't like cooking but they need to be careful what kind of restaurant they usually visit. McDonalds' is popular in the U. S it is also in China. The children are so attached by the McDonald's playground and toys even some children just eat the hamburgers nothing else. Overweight children in some big cities became a common problem. There were 2 of overweight children in China in1988. But now in big cities this figure has surpassed to16 mark . Maybe lost weight will become a fashion. Eating out have people save time but they need to distinguish the healthy way and unhealthy foods. Information from the 2006 China Food and Nutrition Forum shows that by the end of 2005 China had 23. 65 Million people living below poverty line. At the same time many people in the country suffer from over nutrition. So learning the basic knowledge of nutrition and changing wrong eating habit are big challenge for many Chinese people. That would make us live in high quality condition. References 1 ANON_NAME_0 Mirkin a doctor of Mirkin Medical Consultants ANON_URLSPAGE_3 ANON URLPAGE
