I am studying English in the ELI at Pitt. I feel being an international student isn't easy. Usually they face some pressures. The pressures for me include the following three types a new environment tight time and people. The new environment is the toughest pressure. You know a different nation has different culture and some differences are distinct. For an example in Chinese culture we call anyone who is teaching you teacher and it is respectful but in American culture it isn't that way. One day I was asked to give a hint to the classmate by the teacher. I said teachers give us evaluation but the teacher told me we don't say a teacher and the reason. Also America is an English speaking country so for some people like me who don't know English it is hard to live here. In daily life I have some trouble in communicating with people it makes me embarrassed sometimes Even watching TV or listening to radio or having a conference with my children's teacher is the most basic thing for a native speaker but it may be the most difficult one for me. They make me feel useless I am like a stupid person. Therefore I always feel depressed. In addition I have not enough time to study. I have two boys the older one is 10 years old and he has some activities and lessons. I need to drive him every Saturday Sunday Monday and Tuesday. My little son is 3 years old he is a handful and sometime he doesn't sleep well so I can't get sufficient sleep. And my husband is busy at work and he is preparing for his board test in his personal time. So he almost couldn't give me a hand. I have to cook and wash clothes every day keep house and shop every weekend. And I volunteer at the Baptist Home every Sunday afternoon. The tiny problem is spending much time for transportation because I live in Mt. Lebanon which is a little far away from school. We have to pass through the tunnel where traffic is always jammed. However I will overcome my difficulties to study my subject. The last pressure is from people. People are my family and I. I am a serious person. If I decide to do something I hope to succeed. In my family they don't push me but I know them. My father he is very strict and vanity my husband he works hard to raise our family he had experienced serious challenge he paid my tuition and bought a wheel luggage for me it may be unnecessary to mention this sesame like thing to some people but to me it meant love. I should give him a good return. My old son he tried his best to understand and help me and I'd like to be a good model for my kids. Whatever I wouldn't like to disappoint them Pressures are always there but studying in the U. S. Is a dream for millions of people although all of them have to face and resolve many different issues. No exception for me so I will cherish the chance to study in Pitt. And in order to achieve my goal I should cooperate with teachers. In order to achieve my goals I should cooperate with my teachers.
