The Lunch Box During lunch time most of the students in the ELI scatter on campus to enjoy their lunch meals. Most of them go to restaurants such as the cafeteria on the ground floor WPU etc. While a few of them head toward the 22nd floor in the Cathedral of Learning because they bring their lunch boxes and are going to heat their meals. As they are eating lunch meanwhile they talk about everyone's dishes. Topics of discussion often relate to the ways of making dishes and their cultures. There are a lot of types of food on the dining table every day such as Chinese food American food Thai food Japanese food and Korean food. In terms of sources of nutrition and the variety of flavors these foods in lunch boxes are quite good. The foods which the students bring are very different. It is rare that they have the same one as that which was done yesterday and there is merely one kind of vegetable in a lunch box. All of the dishes are elaborately prepared. In order to balance their diet the people from different countries use different ingredients and cooking methods. One for instance might bring Chinese dumplings. Another might bring rice balls with stewed pork and pickled vegetables. All of them include starch protein and fiber in abundance which meets the recommendation from the U. S. Department of Agriculture in Inside The Pyramid of ANON_URLSITE_. They should be consumed by human beings in every day diet. Besides the nutritious dishes furthermore they do not make dishes which only have one kind of flavor because they could consider the good tasting condition. Indeed there are more than two kinds of flavors in each student's lunch box. Some are sweet. Some are spicy. They prepare their meals to be as delicious as possible. Sometimes they exchange their food in order to taste different flavors. If someone likes the flavor a new dish will be added into his lunch box some day. Compared with the beginning of this term the lunch boxes have been changing the contents variously. In conclusion the homemade lunch the group of the ELI students has is generous from the perspectives of nutrition and flavor. Every day a variety of dishes and flavors show up on the dining table. All are healthy for human beings as well. Furthermore from the course of discussing their recipes the students not only adjust the menu of their meals but also realize the cultures and the diet habits in the world. ANON URLPAGE
