1 Year has passed since I came to the United States. However there are still some pressures on me as an international student. These pressures include getting over the language barrier accepting the cultural difference and taking care of my family especially my parents in Japan. First of all I have to encounter the language barrier. I think my English is improving. I could not buy just a coffee when I came here at first. Now I make some friends who are from other countries and I can go shopping by myself. However I still feel the language barrier when I talk with American people. When I went to the meeting with my husband s colleagues last week I got nervous because they were speaking very fast and there were many words what I could not understand. I was very disappointed and felt loneliness because I could not understand someone and I could not make myself understood. Secondly I have to face the cultural difference. I was very surprised to find that there was no one there at the appointed hour when I went to a Barbeque Party here for the first time because you have to be punctual if you want to express your reliability to the others in Japanese culture. In addition to that my husband and I felt uncomfortable when we found that they did not prepare the party very well because we Japanese think that it is the best treatment for our guests to show it well prepared. We had to go out to buy ingredients for them and finally we found their Barbeque table was out of order! I came near to misunderstand that they did not want us to come to their house. But that was just a difference so I had to accept it. Finally I try to take care of my family in Japan while I am staying here. About this topic nothing does not force me into doing that but I am trying to take care of my family in Japan as much as I can because I think they need my supports. My parents are almost 60 year old and they take care of my grand mothers who are in their 80's and need cares. My grand mothers are in the nursing home but they often have to be adimitted in the hospital because they are physically fragile. I have to get up earlier to call them because of the time difference. There is 13hours time difference between Pittsburgh and Japan. In addition to that I can't forget all of the aniversaries and birthdays because I have to send every cards earlier than usual. It will take almost 2 weeks to send a mail from Pittsburgh to Japan. In conclusion I am still under the pressure as an international student. But I have many friends and teachers who always help me. I hope I will soon get over these pressures and feel accepted into the society.
