Discrimination In the contemporary time there are a lot of debates conflicts and views that have existed for a long time ago between people in each country. Discrimination is also a type of behaviors which has existed for a long time ago and it might effects many aspects in any country. Discrimination is a term which means treating people unfairly or in a biased way because of many tings such as race sex and religion. Many countries have been suffering discrimination or racism for a long time. It is an act against human rights which has many causes such as bigotry and government power and might lead many countries to poor economic conditions and poor political positions. First of all discrimination first appeared because of people who are bigoted. These people are very biased toward their view and they are against anyone who does not believe their view or who does not belong to their group. These people become bigoted because they are not educated enough or they have been nurtured in an environment where many people are biased toward one view. For instance in the past there was a lot of discrimination between Euro Americans and African Americans in the United States. However now discrimination between these two races is much less because these people have been educated and learned to be tolerance. Besides that governments play a major role in discrimination. Some might be biased toward one group because they belong to this group or they do not want the other group to have some power. This bigotry causes them to act in a discriminatory way. Governments might show a lot of discrimination in many administrations. They might not give a chance to other groups to have a role in government offices parties or ministries. Some governments might even be much worse. Some might not give a chance to other groups to even get an education. For instance in one of the Middle Eastern countries there is discrimination between sects. In that country people who belong to a sect which is the minority and different from the government sect were not able to get many things. Many could not work in government offices or ministries. The problem was worse than that. Many of them could not get accepted in universities or even work in private companies. However realizing that this might have a huge impact on the country future made this government start to take steps towards solving this problem. In addition because discriminatory governments might employ people who are not competent enough it might have many effects on the government's economy. If discrimination is excessive in a government it will lead the government to poor outcomes. Many incapable people will be employed instead of the capable people who might be in the group which the government hates. In addition when there is discrimination in education it will make the education worse. It might not let honest competition. All of these things will make the government's economy turn down. Moreover discrimination deteriorates a country's political situation because of two aspects. First the aforementioned employing of the incompetents will make poor outcome which makes the country unable to compete or have a weak political stand. In addition it might deteriorate the government's internal politics by creating many debates and conflicts. It might even get worse until it leads the country to a civil war. Overall discrimination is a huge issue which has a big impact on many aspects of human life. It is against humanity which has started because of people who are bigoted and intolerant. Governments also have helped these bigoted people by showing more discriminatory actions because these governments belong to the same group. In addition to that discrimination has no positive side. It leads the country to decline in its economic situation. It also leads the country to have political problems. It might be even worse and lead to a big conflict. Thus many governments have worked hard to solve this problem and many of them have just started to take the steps to solve it.
