Food culture in Saudi Arabia 50 Years ago and Now Nutrition in Saudi Arabia has changed a lot in the last decades especially in the eastern part of the country. There are many reasons for these changes but the main reason which caused these changes is the petroleum revolution. The nutrition in the past was very poor. It depended only on certain kinds of food because the people at that time usually worked as farmers or fishers. The oil revelation has not only changed the nutrition of KSA it has changed the entire food culture of KSA. In terms of availability of food nutrition in KSA was very poor. In the past there were finite resources of food. The food which was available at that time was the farmers' crop such as dates rice wheat and herbs. In addition my city is located by the sea. For this reason there were availability of fish. On the other hand at the modern time there is a variety of food. For example meat was modicum many people could not effort to eat meat but nowadays many people can eat meat because it is very available. Also there are many kinds of fruits are available these days which were not in the past. All of that happened because the country imports from other countries. In the last decades the women were homemakers. So the families used to eat what the mothers cooked. In addition when the women cooked the lunch meal they used to take it to the men's work place. Nowadays families usually have servants at home because the women now are usually workers and they don't have time to cook for their families. So the family eats what the servant cook. The food has not changed too much its only has become available. For example we have a famous meal called kabseh . As my grandmother tolled me that this meal is still the same however what has changed about the meal is that it has been cooked more in KSA. The eating habits have also changed a lot. In the past they usually sat in the floor to eat the food. However nowadays almost every house in Saudi Arabia has a dining room. Furthermore the simplistic machines of the modern life were not available at that time like the oven. Instead of the oven they used to have a dig in the earth has a fair inside. In conclusion the nourishment nowadays is exceptional compare to the past even though nutrition now has also some negative effects by causing some diseases which were rare in the past for example diabetes and high blood pressure. In fact nutrition in the last ten years depended on restaurants. Therefore the nutrition will get worse and worse in the future.
