Japan which was one of the ancient civilizations has a very long history of the evolution of their diet. With the spread of their culture Japanese food has been attractive to people all over the world. What makes Japanese food so popular What are the advantages of Japanese cuisine I think we can evaluate Japanese food through nutrition Japanese's longevity and the way they cook. First Japanese food is generally healthier than other kinds of food. For example a Japanese beef rice bowl is a kind of their fast cuisine but it contains various kinds of nutrients such as beef onion vegetables egg rice and tea. Western fast food however usually contains a lot of meats and sugar but only few grains and vegetables. We can also learn if the food is healthy by observing people who eat it nf the human average life Japanese have the longest average life in the world. Although their longevity might depend on their race I think it is more likely affected by the contributions of their healthy diet. Third the way they cook is also an important element why Japanese food is delicious and healthy. They cook and flavor their food in order to promote the original taste of food and that is the reason they do not cook food too sophisticatedly. For instance Sushi is the most famous Japanese food and it is only made by putting a piece of fish meat onto a handful rice because Sushi is made to let you eat the fresh taste of fish. On the contrary most sophisticated western cuisine and Chinese food emphasize the flavor of the sauce. I think this is the spirit of Japanese food and it is also the reason why Japanese food is healthy and delicious. Finally I think that eating Japanese food has a lot of advantages because it can provide you a healthy diet even a longer life. If you have never eaten Japanese food I suggest that you should try it as soon as possible. Even more I strongly recommend you to learn to cook Japanese cuisine because I think it is easier healthier and of course more delicious than western food.
