Name of the show According to Jim Season1 Ep. 16 Under pressure Date 06 16 2009 Length of time 20 minutes Sorry for submitting the HW too late Summary Jim came back from work and met Cheryl and the kids. He went to play with kids in the backyard. While he was playing Jim hurt his knee. Jim and Cheryl went to the doctor and the doctor said there was nothing broken but he needs to give him a painkiller. The doctor said that he wants to make sure that the painkiller does not interact with medications Jim is taking for his high blood pressure. Cheryl did not know that Jim had a high blood pressure and he kept it from her for 6 months. Jim did not want to tell her because he didn't want her to worry. Cheryl is worried and spoiling Jim because she loves him. Therefore she asked Dana to babysit the kids. Cheryl is taking extra care of Jim and she wants him to share his feeling and not to keep his problem inside. She started to ask him about work and when he says it's fine . She gets upset because she thinks he's lying. Jim started to share his problems so Cheryl was really spoiling him and keeping the kids away from him. He loved the situtition and took advantage of it. He started bluffing and making up problems so he can be spoiled. He made up a problem about losing 10 000. However Cheryl found out by asking Andy her brother who works with Jim. Later on she faced Jim with the truth and Jim said that whenever he says I'm fine Cheryl keeps asking him because she wants him to have a problem so she can solve it. Therefore Cheryl decided not to ask about Jim. Jim was teasing her by saying that he had problems at work but she pretend that she didn't care. Jim was upset and he said that he misses her annoying things like don't eat red meat buckle the seat belt . Finally she took the steak from him and gave a salad. New Vocabulary Swoop suddenly and quickly move down through the air especially to attack something Jim you wanted me to have a problem so you can swoop down and solve it
