A contry in which people of different cultures and religions live together so peacefully and in prosperity. Singapore is a Island and located at the Southeast Asia. Before to visit Singapore I need many information about this country. Singapore is a city state very small and modern country. I dont need alot of time to visit every things because country is very small. I had a few problems about weather because very hot every time. Two years ago I went to Singapore. 12 Hours fly caused me jet lag I m tired I need to smoke. When I saw Changi International Airport I forgot every things and I understod I chose right place for vacation. Changi lukes like big flower garden or jungle. Every where tropical flowers and trees very beatiful modern and clean. In Singapore so many great places and sight to see. For example China Town Little India Arab Street Singapore Zoological Garden Clark Quay Theme Parks Orchard Road Sentosa Island. First I visit the Under water World which is Asia s first and largest tropical fish oceanarium. I saw a lot of tiger sharks and I saw enough tropical fish there. It is located Sentosa Island one of the 63 Islets of Singapore. I tooke a taxi from down town to cable car. Taxi is very expensive like every things. Sentosa easilly accessible by a cable car. In Sentosa Island I saw a lot of attractions. Such as Holland Village Dolphin Lagoon Song of the Sea Carsberg Sky Tower. Second I visited China Town Little India and Arab Street. Is there so many historical temples and buildings. Such as Thian Hock Keng Temple Temple of 1000 Lights Chettiar Hindu Temple Sultan Mosque Hajah ANON_NAME_0 Mosque and Church of St. Gregory. Also Singapore popular with its Singapore Theme Parks. Such as Bukit Timah Reserve Escape Theme Park Jurong Bird Park National Orchard Garden Butterfly Park. I visited just Jurong Bird Park Butterfly Park and Escape Theme Park. This is amazing to see different kind of butterfly and birds together very beatiful. Third Singapore has different museums. Such as Asian Civilization Changi Prison Chapel Cathay Building Holly Instead Jesus Chapel and Raffles Museum. I visited just Raffles Museum was established 1887 . Finally shopping at Bugit Street and Orchard Road. Singapore s largest permanent street bazaar. But Singapore very expensive. I bought alot of small souvenirs and some clothers. Also I visited Clark Quay historical district with many small cafes rigt side of the river. I forgot name of the river. Singapore is very exating country but very hot all seasons. I dont like hot weathers if you like that type of weather you should visit to Singapore.
