Life with or without children There are different opinions about having children. Some people choose the life with children and they can't imagine their life without child while some people decide to live without children. Both have reasons for their decisions. Many people believe that the life without children is happier than it without however after my experience of having children many aspects revealed the opposite. Although many couples know that they came to the life from their parent for making the life continues they simply decide to live without children. In fact they always have different reasons. For instance the most important reason for their decision is saving money they believe that having children requires spending a lot of money to meet children's needs. Another reason is they will feel less freedom after they had children. To illustrate they can't spend a lot of time outside they can't also travel from place to place easy. Since they have to worry about the weather of any place they will travel to if it is appropriate for their children or not. Actually they don't want to be worried about any thing they need their life continues as the beginning of their marriage. Therefore people with these opinions have difficulties of imaging having a child. Children free living life without children Some people are thinking differently. They consider having a child is the most exciting event in their life. Since having a baby will change their life from a cold life to excited life. Seen their baby growing up everyday gives them a great feeling about what they did they gave life to new person to sharing them the life . So their interests are about meeting their child needs and also they don't consider they money that they spend their child is wasted money. In addition they try to catch any chance to spend time with their child. They believe that they can make balance between their special interests and time and the time which they spend with their child. Moreover they think that traveling more enjoyable with their children. In contrast the life without child is more freedom but it less excited. People who have ability to have baby are not aware about the feeling of disability to have a baby. Recently there are a lot of research to help many couples to have baby every couple waiting in hops having baby When Pamela Mahoney and Alex Tsigdinos were married they never thought they would have trouble having a baby. But after 11 years and many fertility treatments they are still only a family of two Barrow 2008 . On other hand the life with child is a stable life and plenty of happiness. In conclusion looking for appropriate style of life depends on people's opinions. People usually are different in their framework about style of life and about the future having baby is one of them. Some have desire of having baby and some not. In my opinion having baby has many good impacts on our life at present and in the future. Bibliography Child free living life without children from WWW. ANON_URLSITE_fertility 31 child free living life without children. Html Barrow B. Tuesday June 10 2008. F acing life without children when it is not by choice from ANON_URLSPAGE_pati. 13598254. Html
