The difference between Macintosh and Windows Which operating system O S do you use now Why did you decide it Currently there are two kinds of O S for our personal computers. One is Macintosh O S and the other is Windows O S. When I bought my current computer that is Macintosh O S I seriously worried about which O S is easily accessible for me. UltimatelyI chose Macintosh over Windows. I want to reveal the differences between Macintosh and Windows of aspects such as a penetration rate vulnerability to computer viruses design and price. First according to Market Share by Net Applications Operating system market share. 2009 May the market share of Windows is 87. 75 On May 2009 while that of Macintosh is only 9. 81 . Based on this data it is feasible to say that Windows has apparently strong share in the world. However once we focus on trends of their shares interestingly Macintosh share is increasing and Windows share is decreasing over time. Macintosh share was 4. 43 In 2006 6. 48 In 2007 7. 83 In 2008 and 9. 81 In this year. On the other hand Windows share was 95. 07 In 2006 92. 90 In 2007 91. 08 In 2008 and 87. 75 In this year. Second damages from computer viruses are seen as a threat to both types of computers. Once a virus attacked a computer it would highly cost to retrieve the data or to restore normal state. According to Computer Crime Research Center C. Andrea. 2006 August 9 About one in four Internet users said a virus infected their computer in the past two years costing victims a median 109 to fix the problem with some consumers reporting losses in the thousands of dollars. About one third of those hit by viruses said the infection forced them to reformat their hard drives 16 said they lost important data and 8 had to replace hardware. Therefore vulnerability to computer viruses is one of the most important aspects for a computer. Based on this standpoint Macintosh has an advantage compared to Windows. Because the share of Macintosh is small viruses designed to attack Macintosh are rare in total. Thereby it is possible to conclude Macintosh has less possibility to be attacked by viruses. In addition simple and sophisticated design is one of the fundamental features of Macintosh machine. The weak point is that only Apple Company can produce and assemble Macintosh machine. However many companies of all over the world provide many varieties of Windows machine. Consequently we are able to choice our Windows machines from many choices. Nevertheless Macintosh machine I think has more sophisticated design than Windows machine on an average. Finally a consumer price of a computer is also one of the most important factors for our consumers or end users. The prices of Macintosh machines are apparently higher than Windows machines with the same function. Though Macintosh has many advantages such as resistance to viruses and sophisticated design this higher price is an important disadvantage cannot be passing over. We can easily find several Windows machine at a very cheep price. As a conclusion we have to put the advantage and disadvantage of both machines on a scale to decide which machine we will purchase.
