Greek Diet Compared with various kinds of diets the Greek diet makes Greeks not only live longer than people in other countries but also have a lower rate of chronic disease than people in America. How does the Greek diet work to give Greeks such a healthy and long life A great number of studies about health or disease demonstrate that a variety of fresh and natural fruits and vegetables plentiful healthy fat moderate alcohol Brian M Curtis MD James H O'Keefe Jr MD 2002 and a large amount of water The Healing Power Of Water in Greeks' diet play the crucial role to a healthy life. In the first place the vegetables and fruits are really fresh and natural. These kinds of food products haven't been sprayed with pesticides while growing they will rot after two days because they contain few preservatives or chemicals. Many science reports show that pesticides chemicals and preservatives are all poisonous materials which can negatively affect the organic function in human bodies and lead to cancer gradually. Hence the fresh and natural food keep the dangerous substances out of the bodies. What's more there are abundant vegetables and fruits everywhere in the supermarket shelves and Greeks consume at least 7 10 servings of these food products every day. Quite a few vegetables such as eggplants onions and tomatoes and fruits such as berries and apples have been shown to contain the beneficial ingredient antioxidants. Many studies have shown that food containing antioxidants can prevent and decrease the chronic illness for example in the Zutphen Elderly Study Brian M Curtis MD James H O'Keefe Jr MD 2002 antioxidants can decrease the risk of coronary artery disease CAD . Then the Greek diet involves plenty of healthy fat and low harmful fat. Monounsaturated fat which comes from olive oils and nuts and omega 3 fatty acids which comes from fish vegetables and nuts are both healthy fats on the contrary saturated fat which comes from red meat milk and cheese and transunsaturated fat which comes from processed foods containing partially hydrogenated oil are harmful fats. In the Greek diet olive oils are used in cooked dishes salad dressing margarine butter and processed food nuts are highly consumed fish and poultry are eaten in moderation at least twice per week low fat dairy like yogurt and slim milk are essential everyday red meat and eggs are spaciously consumed in one month. Looking at the description of the Greek diet it can be found that this diet contains rich monounsaturated fat and omega 3 fatty acids but little saturated and transunsaturated fats. According to many studies and trials omega 3 fatty acids are very helpful to prevent CAD monounstaturated fat can contribute to cardioprotective effects on the body and reduce blood pressure cholesterol and LDL C levels Brian M Curtis MD James H O'Keefe Jr MD 2002 . Next the Greeks have a habit to drink a small bottle of alcohol with lunch and dinner. Because they believe that moderate alcohol is quite useful to consume the food slowly. A lot of important research indicate that moderate alcohol like beer and wine can protect against some serious illness and give people a longer life than the nondrinkers. For example recent evidence Brian M Curtis MD James H O'Keefe Jr MD 2002 suggests that moderate alcohol consumption improves insulin resistance and could prevent the onset of diabetes. Finally a large amount of water is the necessary part in Greek daily life. The Greeks always drink a large bottle of water in each meal because they believe water can cause the food they consumed to be digested entirely and properly. Plenty of studies indicate that water is extremely important for the human body. It has been stated in this article The Healing Power Of Water water can both assist the body organ and tissue to function and keep the toxic substance out of the body. What's more drinking a great deal of water can efficiently protect against aging and keep one young The Healing Power Of Water In conclusion the Greek diet emphasizes the natural fresh and beneficial materials and excludes the harmful ingredient. With such a scientific and healthy diet Greeks can not only enjoy the delicious food but also maintain well being and enjoy longevity. Reference Curtis Brian M MD O'Keefe Jr James H MD. August 2002 . Understanding the Mediterranean diet Could this be the new gold standard for heart disease prevention Retrieved November 14 2006. From ANON_URLSPAGE_Healing Power Of Water. Retrieved November 14 2006. From ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_Power of Water
