There has been an argument between PCs and Macs. Both have lots of similarities. Basically the main structure in them is the same. Also both use a screen a keyboard and a mouse as their output devices. However some differences between PCs and Macs separate them to two users. Even though I'm a PC user I have used Mac several times. After that I always choose a PC in terms of changeable hardware cost and software especially gaming. When I want to buy a Mac I can barely select other hardware in a Mac which means there are not varieties of choices. It is a complete computer. All hardware in Mac is chosen by Apple and they are perfectly optimized for Mac so that I can't improve Mac's performance even if I want. However when I want to have a PC I can build it. I can choose every part of hardware in the PC. Therefore I can build the PC that is faster than Mac and can have many options. I can also say that PC can be cheaper than Mac. As I mentioned above Macs are complete computers and it means Apple uses specific manufacturer's hardware so I need to pay whole money for the Mac. However I can adjust the amount of money that I'm supposed to pay because I can choose hardware in a PC. The fact that I can buy each part of hardware means that there are a great many of manufacturer in PC market. They have been competing so hardware prices are slightly cheaper than the hardware in Mac. According to Tom Samiljan 2008 PC's performance and quality depend on what kinds of manufacturer I choose whereas Apple uses their own hardware for Macs Tom Samiljan 2000 para 14 . Definitely I can reduce expenses by choosing hardware. Recently much software for Macs has been developed and released but software for PCs is still more diverse than for Macs. Especially game software which is related to a huge part of PC market tends to be developed much more for PCs. Statistically PC users in the world are approximately 90 whereas Mac users are roughly lower than 10 . In addition it needs converting process to play some games in the Mac environment because PC and Mac has completely different software system which means that they are not compatible each other. Therefore it is not advantageous to convert the games from PC to Mac in terms of population in Mac. According to Tom Samiljan 2008 Every major hit . From the Unreal Tournament' and 'Quake' series to 'Age of Empires' and 'Command and conquer' comes out for the PC first and most PC games never comes out for the Mac at all. Tom Samiljan 2008 para 22 . Finally it is certain that there is no choice except PC to play games. Although there are several different categories to compare each other possibility to change hardware cost and diversity in software can be primarily our interests in terms of reducing expenses and purpose when we buy a computer. Moreover many people tend to buy a Mac because its design is cool and it makes people pay attention to the Mac users. If you are the person who only concerns performance and money and wants to have experiences in various software PC will be the best choice.
