Nov 21 2006 Writing4 Japanese college students diet comparing with US students Revise Hamburger pasta and pizza are very popular meals among US college students. Although many college students eat those fast foods in Japan they also eat Japanese fast foods lunch box and rice bowl. We think lunch box and rice bowl are one kind of fast food. Those meals consist of Japanese food so Japanese college students' diet is healthier than US. Students who live in their parent's house or dormitory can eat healthier food than those who live in an apartment alone. They often get meals in restaurants fast food shops or convenience stores. Many students buy lunch boxes in convenience stores and rice bowls in rice bowl restaurants. Most Japanese meals are mostly cooked by six methods boiled grilled steamed fried and raw meet food. We have many kinds of boiled and raw meat meals that are cooked by low fat method for example sushi nimono boiled vegetables with meat . Even our staple is steamed white rice so Japanese meals are known as healthy foods. One popular meal among college students is Beef Rice Bowl that consists of white steamed rice and boiled beef. It is healthier than western fast food because it's cooked by non oil method. We use many kinds of ingredients for meals. Most Japanese traditional ingredients are healthy for example Rice We steam rice as a staple Fish Fish is a much healthier and center of most Japanese meals seaweed Miso Soy bean paste and Tofu Soy bean cake . It is now widely recognized that a Japanese influenced diet can help you to stay healthy and protect you from many Western diseases such as cancer heart disease obesity other cardiovascular problems such as clogged arteries etc ANON_URLSITE_. Japanese lunch box consists of those ingredients and students can buy many kinds of lunch box in convenience stores for instance grilled salmon lunch box and tempura lunch box are very popular as Japanese lunch box. They can even get a sushi lunch box and salad in convenience store and they can have healthy meals anytime. In a study of mice Japanese researchers have found what many in the country have long believed Mizoguchi 2006 We know fast food is cheap and convenient especially they serve the food quickly. But lunch box and rice bowl are almost the same price as fast food. And we can get them quickly because lunch box is a prepared food and rice bowl chef serves it in three minutes competing with the fast food market so there is little difference about price and service quality between western fast food and Japanese fast food. On the other hand college students in Japan can buy healthy food easier than us and they tend to prefer fish based lunch boxes to meat based lunch boxes. Actually Japanese diet is changing to western diet. In old times the Japanese style of eating was rice as main dish a little bit of fish and vegetables. More than a quarter of the Japanese diet now consists of fat said Dr. Yasuo Akanuma director of the Institute for Diabetes Care and Research. Finley 2002 College students can eat many kinds of convenient healthy food based on Japanese ingredients made by low fat method in Japan. But whether their diet is healthy or not depends on their choice. Japanese college students' diet might be healthier than US college students. References Japanese food and traditional recipes for health and enjoyment ANON URLSITE. Retrieved Nov 16 2006 from ANON_URLSITE_Mizoguchi Kozo Japan's diet said healthier than America RED ORBIT breaking news May 24 2006. Retrieved Nov 16 2006 from ANON_URLSPAGE_Finley Don Obesity gaining in the land of the setting sun American fast food a growing trend in Japanese diet. San Francisco Chronicle Dec 22 2002. Retrieved Nov 16 2006 from ANON URLPAGE
