Nov. 15Th 2006 Final Writing Assignment In these days there are many family restaurants like Yokoso Bennigan's and TGIF. All these family restaurants are popular people recognize that those are beneficial. What makes people prefer those I think there are several criteria to evaluate those family restaurants kinds of meals they sell sanitation cost and location. First of all family restaurants sell lots of kinds of meal such as rice meats chickens and vegetables. Therefore we can select the menu that has enough nutrition people needed per day. For instance in Japanese restaurant YOKOSO we can order salmon shrimp and mignon at the same time. As well we can select from a special menu for certain age like kids and adult in Bennigan's. Definitely its nutrition is related to people's age and gender. According to a diet website 'My ANON URLSITE' the quantity of indispensable nutrition of people depends on their age and sex. What's important is eating in moderation as their age and gender in order not to become a fat. For example as for 4 8 years old children one and half cups of vegetables are appropriate 3cups of vegetables are adequate amounts for 14 18 years old boys. Second the hygiene of the restaurants is also an important factor to evaluate whether the restaurants are helpful for your health or not. Whether the restaurant is clean or not is a crucial element as not only for our health but also for our feeling about the food when we eat. The family restaurant like Bennigan's and YOKOSO is known for cleanliness. Those who work in the restaurants say that they use only fresh ingredients when they cook we also can feel the meal is fresh when we eat in those restaurants. As well the space cleanliness is important I think because it is the first impression of the restaurant. Definitely no one would like to eat in the dirty restaurant. I could feel Bennigan's is cleaner than YOKOSO because of the light of the restaurant Bennigan's uses more bright lights than YOKOSO. I think it is better for family restaurants to use vivid light. Third the cost of the meal is critical too. Although the food of the restaurant is delicious and good for health you won't go there if the cost is expensive. Family restaurants should choose the price which the humble classes can accept. As far as I am concerned the price is a little bit expensive. I believe the adequate price is less than 10 for one person per meal. However in YOKOSO and Bennigan's it is hard to find the food that satisfies both the cost and quantity I think. The last factor is convenience. I think the restaurant should have parking lot enough to store cars of the customers who go there and it is easy to access. Most family restaurants are located in residential areas downtown or near shopping malls. For example YOKOSO is usually located in a big shopping mall like TARGET. To sum up best family restaurant should support variable meals which include enough nutrition that is needed for people per day should be clean and inexpensive and should be convenient. Outside source How many vegetables are needed daily or weekly My ANON_URLSPAGE_Nov. 15 2006 From ANON_URLSITE_YOKOSO restaurant Retrieved Nov. 15 2006 From ANON_URLSITE_Bennigan's restaurant Retrieved Nov. 15 2006 ANON URLSITE
