Apartments in Shadyside versus North Pittsburgh I have lived in Shadyside every since I moved to Pittsburgh. My lease has to be renewed by end of this month so before signing up for another whole year I'd like to do a little bit of comparison myself. Since I have a couple of friends who are happily settled in the North Pittsburgh area I searched online and found an apartment with a rent of 821. 00 For one bedroom ANON_URLSITE_N. D. Which is about same as what I'm paying now. My comparison apartment in North Pittsburgh is Bear Run Village 100 Bear Run Drive Pittsburgh. PA 15237. First the apartment in North Pittsburgh is more spacious and has nice features that my current apartment doesn't have. Per ANON_URLSITE_N. D. The Bear Run Apt. Has a swimming pool a fitness center a barbeque area with grills in the community. The Apartment also has fireplaces large patios high ceilings and in suite washer dryers. Those are all nice features I really want. I can totally ficture myself swimming having a barbeque and doing a laundry from the convenience of my home. Secondly neighborhood of North Pittsburgh is much quieter than Shadyside. My apartment is located right next to a railroad on which a couple of trains run everyday. I used to wake up in the middle of night because of all the noise. In addition students in Shadyside sometimes can be very loud. One night last week people were shouting and honking horns so I looked outside but I just didn't know what it was about. I knew what caused it when I turned on T. V. That night Penguins finally won the Stanley cup. I believe people in North Pittsburgh were sound asleep at that time. Last but not least the apartment in North Pittsburgh requires longer commuting time. Based on Google maps it takes 23 minutes from the Bear run apartment and 6 minutes from my apartment to the University of Pittsburgh. We have to cross a bridge to come to the Pitt. It means heavy traffic. If any event accident or construction occurs it becomes much worse because there are not many options for detour. I compared my apartment with one in North Pittsburgh and found that there are some pros and cons in both apartments. North Pittsburgh apartment has nicer features and quieter but average commute time is longer. I was so happy to learn that the apartment in North had in suite washer and dryers that I wanted to call the apartment and sign a contract right away. How convenient would it be to have washer and dryers inside my unit And heated swimming pool I couldn't ask for more. However I decided to stay with my apartment because of the long commute time. My husband is a Postdoc and usually goes to his lab several times a day because of his research schedule. I don't want to see him drive back and forth especially in winter time because of the notorious snow. I will have to stay in Shadyside for a little longer than I'd like to.
