Education in Saudi Arabia and The United States Education is considered to be one of the most important aspects in all countries civilization. I am going to highlight on some similarities and differences in the educational system between my country Saudi Arabia and the United States. According to Judah Stevenson Associated Content October 08 2008 The education in ANON_NAME_0 Arabia and the United States are similar in terms of government spending on education freedom to choose the school where they will attend to and education for people with special needs while differ in terms of attitude towards education literacy rate religion in school gender roles grading scales and stages of education. Nowadays the Saudi students who came to the United States in order to complete their education can find some similarities in the education attitudes between these two countries. For example both governments spend an enormous part from their economies in order to improve the education. In addition there is an access to select the school where they will attend to even at the United States or Saudi Arabia. Moreover both of these countries are interesting in providing the suitable tools for the education of people with special needs. According to Judah Stevenson Associated Content October08 2008 both governments provide special school for disabled people in order to stimulate them to participate in social activities and share the experience with their friends. However there are some differences in education between the United States and Saudi Arabia. For example in my country the percentage of literates is less than the United States. In addition curriculums in Saudi Arabia are related to some religious concepts while they are not in the United States. Furthermore there are some laws which are related to the gender. For instance in my country there are schools for women and schools for men. In contrast the education attitude in the United States is so different because there is no differentiation between the males and the females in the schools. Moreover the education stages system in Saudi Arabia is different from the system in the United States. In conclusion there are many differences and similarities in the education system between the United States and Saudi Arabia. For example both governments seek to develop and enhance the cultural sectors by spending a lot of money to provide new technologies and new educational tools which can meet the different type of the students. However there are some aspects which make the education in Saudi Arabia differ from the education in the United States. For instance the education attitudes which are related to religious issues genders differentiation roles and the education stages are different in both countries. In my opinion the education in Saudi Arabia can be reach to the same level of education in the United States in next decade.
