Choosing between studying in universities sometimes is difficult and also it depends from person to person. There are many aspects have been affecting the way of people choosing. As we know some universities are better than other. From that many people look for an important point that helps them to pick their decision. I will compare in this essay between University of Pittsburgh and Miami University. The most common three factors for Choosing between universities are safety cost Course characteristics and administrative processes. First safety of living in university's city or area is much important on the concentration of the students. Many decisions for studying in university have been affected by the level of personal safety. For example The level of personal safety was found to contribute positively to Australia's overall attractiveness to overseas students Lawley Perry No year P 1188 . University of Pittsburgh's area is safer than Miami University's area. An important factor in the person life is the safety. Secondly cost is an important part of studying. Due to the cost of studying is more expensive in some universities than other universities some people pay more attention to the cost for studying at university. Yet some universities have a batter education than other universities that make the cost have no an influence on their decisions. Therefore they look to the better education to improve their skills. The cost in the University of Pittsburgh is more expensive than the cost in the Miami University. What the people focusing on it now is the fact that the cost of studying in a university is important to them for choosing a university. Thirdly good education is always followed by the scientific researchers. Clearly the market of higher education services is distinguished by quality and efficiency same other markets for goods and services Ridings No year . Therefore many students are looking for the quality and efficiency in the university that has good education in their major. Also some universities have prestige which are desired by many students to enter them. As we know the University of Pittsburgh has higher quality and efficiency in education than Miami University. A significant element of choosing university is the quality and sufficiency of the higher education. Finally an administrative processes system has made many students ignore some universities. Therefore these universities are difficult to obtain. Also those processes make the person weary however he will quit those steps. In addition an administrative processes system has categorized many universities in different ranks. From this point the foundation of the university service is an administrative processes system that it shows the real face of the favors in the university. It can be clearly seen the University of Pittsburgh has the same level of the administrative processes system as the Miami University. In conclusion academic marketing has developed in the entire world. Paying attention to the importance of reputation also to the quality in service and education of the university is considered by seekers for their needs to the best life. At this point choosing university is difficult in this time. Because the differences of needing are going up in the people and the differences in the universities are a few also the numbers of the available universities make the choice complicated. Finally choosing university is erecting on peace price education quality and administrative services. Bibliography Lawley M Perry C. No Year . Thai and Malaysian students' perceptions of overseas study destinations an exploratory study. Retrieved June 13 2009 from ANON_URLSPAGE_. Ridings s. No Year . Dreaming spires or dreary spivs Reputation in marketing Australian education abroad. Retrieved June 13 2009 from ANON URLPAGE
