Fast food health dangers Fast food is food prepared and served quickly at a fast food restaurant or shop at low cost. However a lot of people in the early 21st century in many countries as fewer people cook at home because they don't have time to cook in their homes. There is a lot of fast food in different choices as a breakfast or lunch and dinner also. For example bagels muffins and coffee in the morning and there are a lot of chicken meals and hamburger and beverages such as Pepsi Coca Cola. Its fact that the fast food doesn't cost you that much money it does cost your healthy but it not healthy. The fast food is not healthy because it always contains a lot of fat and too much oil. Actually most of it is fried in the oil and a lot of oil makes you sick after a pried time your health will come down to bad. For example the stander hamburger from McDonald's has about 9 gram of fat and less than a gram of tarns fat plus approximately 530 milligrams of sodium but just a gram of beneficial fiber. However one McD's hamburger only has about 260 calories. All of these make you sick after a couple of months of eating at the fast food restaurant. Obesity high blood pressure heart diseases and some others here are some examples shows that how fast food is contains a lot of fat calories and more and more of obesity diseases in the people. Most of the fast food restaurant used the fast way and the unhealthiest way to cook their meals that is the most common way that they are always frying the food such as the hamburger French fries and a lot also. However there is another good and healthy way to cook some of the food. For example you can cook the French fries and you can also grilled the hamburger which is better than to fry it in the oil who has a lot of cloistral and every body know that use the oil to cook the food is not that healthy way for there bodies and health. In the second hand fast food ids not that much costly as the good and healthier food that who cook by good way and this one of a lot of reasons that keeps a lot of people still going to the fast food restaurant for several time a week and some of them who is going maybe daily and eat their at least one a day. In contrast that is that you save time and isn't cost you a lot of money but it cost you some thing which very important for you it's the health. This is one of the ways that keeps people don't give up eating at the fast food restaurant. After all a lot fast food restaurant have very bad food and unhealthy for a lot of those whom eating at least twice weekly they are going to see the result as soon as possible I their bodies how its come fat for their health how it becoming down and down day after day they are eating at the fast food restaurant. Burke ANON_NAME_0. 2006 Fast Food Heart Diseases. Retrieved on November17 2006 from ANON URLPAGE
