Do you like to live in your hometown or live in the city which you are living now To live in another country was my dream I wanted to experience other citys' customs. It doesn't matter weather the city is in my native country or not. Now my dream has come true the city I am living now is Pittsburgh. I am here for studying English and I'll study for my bachelor also. I have been here 5 months although I have adapted my new live I still miss my home town sometimes. I compare the difference between my hometown and Pittsburgh the weather the food and the environment. I am from Taiwan and my hometown is called Tainan. The weather there is always hot even in winter it is not as cold as Pittsburgh's weather it is warmer than Pittsburgh's. When I was in Tainan I never saw snow before but after I came here I saw a lot of snow. I was so happy at first however I am tired about seeing snow now. Also in Tainan it only rain about two months in summer unlike Pittsburgh it's also rain in winter. When I came here I ate much American food than I did before. I noticed that people in here are much salad pizzas and hamburgs. Also I found that the American food is saltier than Taiwan's. The most different is that it is more convenient in my hometown than in Pittsburgh. I can go out to buy any food whenever I want on the contrary I can't do the same thing in Pittsburgh. There is another different the environment. Most houses in Tainan were made by concrete on the other hand houses here are made by either wood or limestone which have stable framework. In my hometown there are a lot of historic spots but in Pittsburgh here has many museums instead. I do like Pittsburgh the people are friendly and here has a lof of museum such as art museum or history museum. Not only museum Pittsburgh has high quality of art. Although the weather here in winter is too cold for me but I have chance to see snow. I like to travel and experience diverse customs in different city even though I feel it is good for me to stay in my hometown. However I never regret that I choose Pittsburgh as my second hometown.
