It's difficult to choose between urban city and suburban city when people decide their living place because both of them have not only strong points but also weak points. The world is in many ways spiky with population opportunity innovation and money increasingly coalescing in metropolitan areas worldwide. When I was elementary school student I lived in Ansan which is one of suburban cities. And when I entered middle school I moved to Seoul which is an urban city. As a result I know the life of both urban city and suburban city. I'm going to compare two cities to give some information to people who will move to near Seoul. Although the two cities have so many differences I chose three points which is crucial for choosing a living place traffic crowdedness and housing costs. First of all traffic is important to a person who has a job in Seoul. Seoul has good public transportations such as subway buses and taxies. The subway system in Seoul has nine lines and is composed very well so you can go everywhere you want by subway. In the case of buses they also have lots of lines and a road which is only for bus makes you can go to your destination in time. Taxies are good transportation too. The cost of taxi is very cheap comparing with in the states and you can catch taxies anywhere and anytime. However if you not use the public transportation but use your own car you will be suffered from traffic jam on the road. Ansan's condition is different from Seoul. It has only one subway line and not so many bus lines but the roads are straight and wide. Consequently you don't need to be worried about traffic jam if you have own car. Second a lot of people care about crowdedness because some people don't like to go to a place which is crowded. You might know that Seoul is very crowded. It is in the ranking which indicates the crowdedness of some cities in the world. You could see many people everywhere in especially at some famous places in Seoul. In the case of public transportation people describe that it's like they are in hell at the time of commuting. Besides if you want to eat dinner at some popular spots you need to wait in line or reserve a seat for you. On the other hand Ansan is one of tranquil cities. It has sort of extensive land if its population is compared with Seoul's one. Because of this there is lots of space for making green tract of land which could make you feel comfortable. The most important thing of choosing a living place is housing costs because people want to find a house which price is they can afford to. As you expected Seoul's housing cost is so expensive. Most people want to live in Seoul because Seoul has many companies good schools and cultural things to enjoy. Due to gathering people Seoul doesn't have enough room to live. That's why Seoul's housing cost is so high. But if you have same amount of money you can buy much bigger house in Ansan. Like other suburban cities it has plenty place to build house. Moreover it's kind of new city most of the houses are cleaner and fancier than the houses in Seoul. I know it's still hard for you to choose one place. But in my case I like to live in Seoul instead of Ansan because I don't have a car even a driver's license. So the public transportation is the most important thing for me. In addition to this I don't need such a big house because I need a room for only me. However if I'm getting old and have a family Ansan will be better for me at that time because I will get a car and have some children. Florida R. 2008 . Who's your city New York Basic Books.
