A House or An Apartment Which Would You Prefer to Live into The article Easy Living Sherpa write Owning a home has been romanticized and called the dream of every American. Easy Living Sherpa Wednesday June 17 2009 . It's evident that everyone yearns to possess a house or an apartment. In people's whole life most people will spend their half life time to stay at home in where we enjoy with our families we feel delighted and leisure by our private space. We will feel free to do our favorite relaxations. A satisfied house or an apartment can cheer you up. However a house or an apartment which would you prefer to live into That will depend on your economy your lifestyle and the housework you will have. These three aspects will affect your decision. One of reasons that people give for not owning a home is they feel that they don't have enough money for a down payment. Houses are too expensive or they don't feel they have good enough credit. Buying and owning a home takes more work than renting. Easy Living Sherpa Wednesday June 17 2009 . Almost houses will spend your huge money to buy. Even you have bought a new house the following things that you have to think about are yard decoration and furniture. These also will spend you a considerable amount of money. Comparing a house an apartment will be cheaper to buy. Because the area of an apartment is smaller than a house the spending of decoration and furniture will be less and you do not have a yard so you will pay nothing for it. If people pay great attention on the money problem they would prefer an apartment. Personal economic condition is one aspect that affects people's preference. Another aspect is personal lifestyle. People have varied personal lifestyle. Some like to be quiet some like to live with others. If you live in a house you will have a wide private living space a yard and a parking space. You will be free to do anything that you would like. You don't need to worry about disturbing your neighbor when you sing or vacuum or have a party in your home. You also don't fear to be disturbed by your neighbor. On the contrary living in an apartment you always care about whether your action will annoy you neighbor. You still mind that you are annoyed. For example I am living in an apartment my neighbor is a young lady. Sometimes she comes back home very late at night when I fall asleep she comes back home then I awake to the sound of toilet flushing walking and washing. If you live in a house you certainly do not suffer this. If you like quiet private living environment to buy a house is a good choice. The finally aspect is housework. It's obvious living in a house you will involve in a amount of housework. You need to mow and water your glass to root out the weeds to trim trees to plant flower to paint the wall of house and so on. All these labor work are hard and bored but you have to do. If you live in an apartment you will be free from these chores. You will have a lot of personal leisure time to entertain. If you are weary of this housework you would prefer an apartment. Living in a house and living in an apartment both exist in advantages and disadvantages. Nevertheless I think the economy the lifestyle and the housework that you have to do are main aspects that will be the determinant which influence your decision.
