The Effects of Fast Food on a Culture Fast food is known for everybody in the world. We know these McDonald's KFC and Papa John's pizzas are examples of fast food but we don't know the effects of them. When I talk about fast food in my culture which is in Saudi Arabia we will observe that the people there didn't use to eat fast food in the past. Go back on time maybe 20 years ago Saudi Arabian culture was unfamiliar with fast food but now many people eat fast food In this paper I will evaluate the effects of fast food on Saudi Arabia. Recently a lot of people in Saudi Arabia eat fast food at least once a day and the people ate only the food that was cooked at home or made by domestic restaurants but now there are many people who changed their diet and eat fast food especially young people. They usually go to McDonald's KFC and Papa John's pizzas when they finished their study and homework after school. The diet of the people is different from many years ago. . Lately we have heard so much news about the health effects of eating fast food and it's so bad for our health. As an illustration many people who eat fast food have some health problems like high cholesterol and blood pressure that rise heart attacks and so many terrible things. Also many people have obesity where they gain fat in the way that is unhealthy. Furthermore eating fast food can cause headaches and many health problems. For example BBC NEWS announced that experts said people who ate a lot of fast food were also likely to have generally unhealthy lifestyles increasing their risk of disease . In addition to health problems there is one more important effect of eating fast food which is that people give up eating home made popular food fruits and salads and we know that they are clean fresh and have a lot of nutrition. Also they are more delicious and have a very nice taste. In my opinion those types of food have effects like fast food but people eat fast food because they think that it is better and easy to cook. In conclusion people should avoid fast food as much as possible or at least limit the amount of times it is eaten unless people want to be really fat or get health problems. All the fast food which people like is full of fat and cholesterol. People have to eat more vegetables and fruits. Also people shouldn't lose their traditional food. Finally people who like to eat fast food should watch the movie Super Size Me to get more information regarding effects of fast food.
