Many years ago every country was eating its own food and we didn't have the variety that we have today. Americans were eating American food Chinese people were eating Chinese food. Likewise Lebanese and Indian But right now every thing has changed and the world has become more and more global in every city you can find different kinds of cuisine. Still the most popular food everywhere is fast food such as McDonalds KFC burger king and other. In Lebanon fast food restaurants are well known and popular and have increased recently. Of course mentioning its rise is not surprising. Regarding these facts fast food had many effects in all culture especially Lebanese culture many people thing that fast food is the trendiest and the most popular others say that it's not healthy and it take people from their traditional food and some others say that is more because of its quantity. In Lebanon fast food is the trendiest food. Teenagers like eating their and parents also. It's a way of consuming the West's culture and fast food restaurants there are glamorous and more expensive than in the U. S. That's why a lot of new fast food restaurants are opening or planning to open in the future. These restaurants influenced some local Lebanese restaurants trying to duplicate fast food with a local food like falafel shawarma and other kinds of Lebanese food. Second the traditional Lebanese foods are very rich in healthy ingredients like vegetables fruits and proteins. Also the way of preparing these foods is very healthy and they don't use fried and high calorie food . On the other hand fast food restaurants are changing this understanding by going far from mother's kitchen and transforming this small country for a consumer to others like fast food which include pizza hut KFC McDonald's burger king and other of course this will have an influence on the future. Third some people thing that fast food has more ability to fed people which means that big portions offered by fast food company attract the attention of customer . Then instead of eating taboulee which is a kind of very popular salad in Lebanon or traditional food at home you can go out and enjoy your fast food dish. Finally I think fast food is tasty food and it's not bad to try it every once and a while. Having fast food restaurants everywhere is a part of the globalization that our world is facing right now and you should accept it without complaining by trying to be alert in all our choices.
