Outline I. Introduction. II. Body there are many reasons why the Bedouins's diet is good for the health a. Variety i. Milk grains dates meat beef lamb chicken . B. Benefits. I. Prevent people from diseases and treat them from others. Ex anemia sore throat c. Method of cooking i. Food dehydration. Ii. Boiling. Iii. Not using chemical additions. Iv. Not eating fast food. V. Seleeg a special method to cook . III. Summary. The Bedouins Diet Bedouins are the people who live in the desert and they have a special style for living in the desert. For example they have special clothes special houses and special cuisine. For food they try to use the food that is relatively cheap easy to transport and provides excellent nutrition. The Bedouins enjoy great health because they eat fresh varying food and they use specific methods to cook. For instance their food consists of camel's milk yogurt wheat rice flour meat such as lamb beef camel's meat and chicken and dates. Furthermore dates aren't just sweet fruit they have many medical benefits. For example you might boil 60 grains of dates in one liter of water and use it for a head cold the sore throat and all the pulmonary infections Date and Health article . According to V. H. W Dowson who is the one of the famous experts of the date One grain of date together with one glass of milk can satisfy the required foodstuff of a person daily Date and Health article . In addition Agrawal R. P. Et. Al. 2004 State that the camel's milk has high nutrition it has low cholesterol low sugar high minerals sodium potassium iron copper zinc and magnesium high vitamin C low protein. It is used against many diseases such as dropsy jaundice sleep problems tuberculosis asthma anemia and diabetes. In addition the Bedouins don't use any modern tools or methods to cook their food. For instance they don't use the chemical additions or canned goods and they don't eat fast food. They just add some natural materials like salt and spices to have some flavor in their food. Also they use different methods to cook or to save the food. For example they use dehydration to preserve the meat or the fruit and boiling to purify the milk and to ensure the milk doesn't have bacteria. Moreover if they want to produce yogurt and butter from the camel's milk they usually use the churning method. Additionally they have a special method to cook the rice with the meat and it is called Seleeg. They mix the rice and meat with the milk or the yogurt to cook this dish. Finally if you want to stay healthy and to have a strong body follow the bedouins's diet and don't depend on canned food or fast food. Reference Dowson V. H. W as cited in Date and Health. Retrieved November 13 2006 from ANON_URLSPAGE_R. P. Kochar D. K. Sahani M. S. Tuteja F. C. And Ghorui S. K. 2004 . HypoglycemicttActivity of Camel Milk in Streptozotocin Induced Diabetic Rats. QRetrieved November 13 2006 from ANON URLPAGE
