Organic Food in My City Al Qatif The term Organic is used for so many things these days but I am going to write only about the food. The last few years the researchers testified that there is a relation between food and disease. Few people have heard about the macrobiotic diet which depends on the organic food. This food is grown or raised without the use of synthetic chemicals. However a few people in my city who may have some diseases such as breast cancer trust this diet for their health but the cost and the availability is not so convenient to them. First organic food is better for people's health. The Leading Lady Ysanne Spevack says It contains more vitamins minerals enzymes and taste than the other produce which all the people eat. It is also free from insecticides growth hormones antibiotics synthetic fertilizers and a whole host of other toxic artificial additives flavorings colorings and preservatives . Scientists verified that the food with chemicals causes a lot of diseases for example cancers. So when all people allover the world knows about that they try there best to change their food habits. The founder of Planet Organic Ren There's no question! Organic food is grown and stored without the use of artificial pesticides and fertilizers. The fact that residues remain on conventional foods and are consumed by us over decades accumulating in our fatty tissues is well documented. Ignoring this danger to health completely as there has been no comparative long term research about the difference between the long term effects of consuming conventional versus organic foods it is still obvious that organic food is better for you. Also organic food helps to increase the lifetime of the human being because of its effect on treating the body for some diseases. And it helps to keep our body clean of chemicals. Organic food isn't very available in my city. Ten years ago very few people from my country knew about this food in Saudi Arabia. Gradually and from the outside information the people get to know this kind of food. But they face a problem which's they cannot find that kind of food in their markets. For example one of my aunts who have breast cancer used to drive 1 and half hour to get some organic food from another city called AlHufof. On the other hand other people stopped thinking about organic food because they can't go to another place which is far away from their homes to buy something such as rice or beans. In fact others try to find the food in other countries market may be another city or even another country. The cost of organic food is very expensive. For instance the price of organic rice costs SR 9 while the regular rice cost SR 3. The people in my city thought about opening stores for organic food and supplies. They opened the stores and they felt happy about it. Actually when they visited the market which is very few too they feel sad. This is because the items were too expensive. They started to complain about that. After a few years more stores was established and the price went down. However the people still want more than this to happen. They want the price of the organic goods to be the same as inorganic ones. Finally organic food is the best for our body. And after a few years all the market will sell this food and the people who wants to be healthy will buy it. Because the demand of these goods will increase so the companies will produce more supplies. Also more different companies will be established so there will be price war in the market. Actually they will eat organic food if they know its health and if its price and availability is convincing. References 1 Elliot J Ren s Organic Food Better for You Retrieved on Nov. 13 2006 From ANON_URLSPAGE_2 Ysanne Spevack 2006 . Why is organic food more expensive and when will it changes Retrieved on Nov. 13 2006 From ANON URLPAGE
