Everyone can have a dream of winning the lottery. What would you do if you won the lottery I would do three things that are donating money to the pediatrics association in Japan to raise the young pediatricians giving money to my father to get the excellent doctors in his hospital and going to Korea if I won the lottery. First possible effect for winning the lottery is donating money to the pediatrics association to raise the young pediatricians. They have to take care of our patients 24 hours a day 365 days a year but they cannot have an abundant salary as much as physicians surgeons and ophthalmologists. For this reason young medical students don't want to be a pediatrician. I would like to donate the part of my money because I was working as a pediatrician when I was in Japan I know we need more pediatricians especially in the province. Another possible effect for the winning the lottery is giving money to my father. My father manages the hospital in the provinces. It is not easy for him to get the great doctors and nurses because the hospital located in the provinces therefore they don't want to come and live there. He can invite them because he has a large amount of money and he can give them the higher salary. Great doctors can go the great jobs. Consequently the people in the village are also glad. A third effect for the winning the lottery is going to Korea. I often go to Korean grocery store near my house and I get to make a chap ANON_NAME_0 and kimuchi I also know the nice Korean restaurant at Strip district and I was very inspired when I first had a Korean soup with the tofu and kimuchi. For these reason I want to go to Korea and have a tasty food at the local restaurant. I also like the Korean language's note so I want to learn the Hangeul in Korea. As you can see I would want to use the money to donate to raise the young doctors to give the money to my father to get the brilliant doctors and to go to Korea to have a tasty food in local restaurant if I got a large amount of money.
