Adavantages and Disavantages of Both Single and Maried People Many young people desire to get marry quickly and other married people want to return to their past life. There are many features between single people and married people. These features are related to the different types of responsabilities friends education children properties stability travel time space clothes freedom etc. There are many comparasion and contrasts between single people and married people. First the responsabilities of the married people are very different from single people. Maried people must work to support their children for paying all the checks for buying food for paying all the needs of their children such as education healthy insuarance recreation clothes vaccins etc. Generally the single people don't have children and it makes easier the life of the single people. Basically they have to dedicate to study in the majority of the cases. Second the friends of the married people are more affected than the single people due to all couples should share their life they should share the majority of the activities since they are an unit. Commonly married people are busier than single people. Then the married people spend less time with their friends than the single people. Nevetherless both married people and single people can have the same amount of friends. Third traveling is not easy for the married people because of their duties. The overheads of the matrimony are higher than the expenses of the single people. Nonetheless there are many families that plan to travel at least once per year. On the other hand there are many single people that cannot travel frequently or scarcely they travel close to the cities or town. In addition married people have more properties than single people due to . They find the stability of the their families. In conclusion there are many differences in the life of both single people and maried people. Perhaps the married people have more limitations than the single people because of enourmous responsabilities However the married people have more stability than the single people. According to this analysis both married and single people have cons and pros. Simply the married's life is a stage very different from single's life.
