Mac or windows People in China used to all use the Windows system but there is a growing trend of using the Mac system now. Among my friends many are beginning to use Mac. I used to be satisfied with my computer with a Windows system and thought that Mac was difficult to use and un convient since many programs cannot be run on ot. But when I got my first MacBook as a reward of entering Pitt my opinion changed. After using my MacBook I found that the Mac system is not hard to use at all. It is even easier for beginners to learn than the Windows system! I think why people think it is hard to use is beacause that the way the Mac system rens is totally different from the one that the Windows does. The draging is perfect and really fen to use. Plus you can process image VF vioce freququency and videos more easily than the Windows. Taking iWork and iLife which are products specialized for the Mac system for example iWork works even better than the Microsoft Word Powerpoint and Excel which are the triditional applications for the Windows system not mentioning how fantastic iLife is comparing to Phtoshop which is also a famous program for the Windows. You can organize your photos videos however you like iPhoto'09 . Just as it was said on the advertisment of iWork New in ANON_NAME_0'09 Now getting started is quicker. And the results are more impressive than ever. You would never forget the feeling after you have tried the Mac system. There is another thing that I like for the Mac system. When I use a computer with the Windows system I always got trouble with the virus thing but there is no virus problem in the Mac system! However it is true that in nowadays the Windows system is better. You can find more applications that are really useful designed just for it and you can get more entertainment when you use the Windows system which you cannot find for the Mac system. In addition there are reasons for why more people use the Windows instead of the Mac system in somewhat way it is better than the Mac system. Both the two systems have its own trait and it is up to you which you you should chose. For me the Mac is better. Anyway computers bring so much convience to our life don't they
