Outline Mediterranean cuisine Nutrition Health Different country Type of food Popular food Study of Mediterranean diet and compare with American diet Mediterranean cuisine Once you hear or read about Mediterranean cuisine your mind goes over to Lebanese Turkish Syrian and Palestian cuisines. Mediterranean cuisine is the famous kind of food relates to the Mediterranean Sea. Moreover the Mediterranean area can be crudely divided into three culinary regions North African especially Morocco eastern Mediterranean Egypt Greece Lebanon Palestine Syria and Turkey and southern European Italy France Spine . Mediterranean cuisine has different types of cuisine such as Chickpeas Fava beans or Ful pounced fool and kibbeh. It is often served at room temperature also it can be shared easily. It contains a lot of nutrition such as calorie fat protein and mineral and therefore it is considered to be better food for your health than fast food. The Mediterranean cuisine has a lot of health essentials and nutritional benefits. Fava bean or Ful is the most popular food in the Mediterranean region. It has different type of cooking and serving rather than fast food. For instance in Palestine it is water soaked for one day then it is cooked on a pan and served on a plat with some small pieces of tomatoes onions and some of Olive oil. This way is similar in Syria and Lebanon. On the other hand it is cooked and served differently in Egypt and Saudi Arabia. It is cooked in a big pan called Jareh. It is mixed with tomatoes unions and garlics. It is cooked for one day completely then it is served in a small dish with delicious ghee and little chickpeas. The times of eating these foods are morning as breakfast and night as dinner. However it should water soak for a while till it grew well. Then it is cooked with small pieces of meat in addition to tomatoes unions and garlics mixed together. It can be eatten also biased the rice or bread. Indeed fava beans chickpeas and lentiles have a lot of protein minerales and the vitamins. The badewns people who lived in desert eat this kind of food regularly to give them the strong body and enough energy to face the togh weather. The Mediterranean cuisine has a lot of study by different associations. For example a researcher from the Saint Etienne School of Medicine studyies for Mediterranean cuisine beats American heart Association diet in controversial study she says Eating traditional Mediterranean cuisine like Greek salad focaccia bread and garlic chicken may be better for your health than following the standard American Heart Association AHA diet says a team of French researchers. It's a conclusion that the AHA calls flawed . In conclusion the Mediterranean cuisine has a lot of diet benefits that is important to human body. The body of human being needs the essential material that is available in Mediterranean food rather than another food like fast food. Source Laird ANON_NAME_0 and Billingsley. 2001 . Mediterranean cuisine beats American Heart Associaion diet in controversial study. Retrieved November 16 2006. From ANON URLPAGE
