The reasons for eating a balanced diet. Currently many magazines and TV programs talk a lot about eating a balanced diet. I think two decade ago people don't care about eating well. These days why people start to focus on a balanced diet We see many organic foods low fat foods at grocery stores. As you know there are three main reasons that why people takes a balanced diet. Such as health prevention of diseases and tendency of life style. First of all I'm going talk about health which is the biggest reason. People think eating variety foods is very important aspect our health because each category of food has several nutritive. For example vitamin iron and carotene. In my country Japan we eat 30 differences item a day for well being. From my perspective now many people know the Japanese food culture is good for health and then another country follow it. Another reason every body is afraid of disease. Once they became fall ill they have to struggle with it entire life. In addition they have to spend a lot of money to cure it. However the eating balanced diet can prevent several diseases. For example heart disease high blood pressure and diabetes. I know some people who have gotten diabetes for long time. They can't take sugar salt because they have to control the blood sugar level. They've regretted not being care of their food balance. Protect ill is very important for our life. For this reason people take a balanced diet. Third reason I'm talking the last reason which is big trend. A decade ago organic restaurant and organic foods was not exist a lot but recently organic is very popular. Many people eat those foods. Especially fashion model celebrity and then magazine run a feature on healthy food or eating balanced diet. In addition supermarkets have established organic food corner. As a result many people have started to eat well. Clearly eating balanced diet has been growing today's society. The big reasons are a well being decries the risk of several diseases and trends. I want ask you do you think about eating balanced diet before Health is necessary our life. If you don't care about foods now time to start eating well.
