The reasons you decide to learn English There are several reasons for people study English. For my perspective I think English is a very powerful tool. It's the representative language in the world. Many advanced countries use English as their official language. They have professional technology new fashion and the huge effect of economy so much information and knowledge are spread in English. If you know English you can expand your vision communicate with the other country people and it can help you to get a good career. If you only understand your mother language your mind will be limited. You only get information from newspaper written in your language. Due to this reason studying English help you access more resource on Internet. It makes you expand your vision and contact different concepts and opinions in science education and culture. That's the why I want to improve my English degree. I don't want to be a rigid people and lose any studying chances. In addition if you know English you can make more relationship with the other country people. Because of language's block people can't understand each other. I can't demonstrate my emotion and miss the good chance to know new friend. For example sometimes I have very idea and want to share to my friend but I can't. Because my English is not enough I can't explain my opinions very completely. Sometime it makes me depressed and embarrassed. I believe that if I can improve my English I can make relationship with the country people easily. Besides English is very important for your work. If you want to enter the famous international corporation good English communication is very necessary. Even you have the professional skill and good working attitude if you can't cooperate with people in English it might affect your working performance. Therefore improving English is a very important topic for me. Based on this reasons I decide to study English. Due to good speaking environment is necessary for me I decide to study English in America. Living here can help me expand my vision making more relationship. Trying to let English into my life I believe it makes my life colorful and achieve my target.
