Do you know how to love your lover and have good relationship with them Nowadays the divorce rate is grow up. Why this phenomenon happing There are many things that trigger divorce such as people marry because of the baby husband or wife has secret lover and parents disapprove the child's partner. Marrying because of the baby happening in everywhere. There are two factors the first factor is accident. Lover had sex before they get marry and they did not protect themselves well which made them have a baby. After that some of man think that he has responsibility to marry with the woman or some of the woman's parents compel the man marry to their daughter even though they don't know each other very well. The second factor is planning. Some people try to use baby to let their lover marry to them so they try to have baby when they are dating. But the problem is after they got marry they find out that they don't know each other well and they regret it Therefore they choose to divorce. Husband or wife has secret lover becomes more common than before. Having secret lover also have two reasons. Firstly they don't love each other anymore. After married a few years some couples do not have any love in their relationships they feel their relationships becomes meaningless Thus they try to find some new relationship and they will date with them secretly. Second reason is flaunting. After people become rich some of them think that their partner looks not very well and they don't want to show their partner to other people so they find some pretty girl or handsome boy to be their secret lover and they can flaunt their secret lover to their friend or others. When their valid partner find out this thing they try to figurer out it. And the way which they always choose is divorce because they can't receive their partner to betray them. Parents approve is very important for many people. If his or her partner and their parents don't have good relationship and their parents disapprove them they will have big troubles. Some parents do very bad things for their child's partner and they try to make their child and partner's relationship go into dangers. Some of them chose divorce because of respect parents on another hand some of them chose divorce because their relationship break which make by their parents. Love is very important for couples and it keeps the relationship between couples. If you love your lover do not use the baby being the reason which for your marrying. If you love your lover do not mind their looking and betray them. If you love your lover try to help them have good relationship with your parents and let them approve your marrying. Do not use divorce to hurt your lover. At this moment do you know how to love your lover and keep good relationship with them
