ANON_NAME_0 Writing 4Q Assignment The reasons why I decided to learn English By the time I came in America the life I had had been easier than now. I was confident for my future. All the sudden everything changed drastically. I mean after I came in America. It was not like what I expected not even close to the pictures I had learnt from Hollywood movies. I was faced with many difficulties and challenges such as communicating with people and to find a professional job. Plus my poor communication skill and the unemployment caused the financial difficulties. Those reasons made me acquire English in a more advanced level. Can you imagine how upsetting it is if nobody understand what you talking about or ask you frequently what you had said Trust me these were the some of the terrible experiences I have faced till recently. I used to refuse doing anything in public if it requires a communication like dinner with my American friends. Especially talk with someone on the phone was the worst part. I had very less range of vocabulary knowledge also the Americans use lots of slangs which I did not know even I knew what they meant I had no clue about right expressions to say back to them. Therefore it did not take me long to isolate myself from outside . This potential difficulty leads to the second cause of challenge of my life which is finding a professional job. The education and experience I acquired were plenty enough to get hired as a journalist. Unfortunately I had lack of English fluency but journalism requires excellent language skill of course that is reasonable. Nobody wants to read the news which is written in poor language skill or hard to understand the main point. Therefore this is the only job that makes me enjoy working and I had no interest to change my subject either so there was no other choice except to improve my English. On the other hand financially I have been relied on my husband since American era I meant the period of our life in America because I have no job no income coming in. But as any other females I have an addiction to fancy shoes and purses. It often happens that I max out the credit cards. Thus there is no wonder why my husband complains frequently about my spending and screams that he has never been broke like now which is depressing. Clearly my poor English skill has been causing the bad effects on my life trend and it was obvious that my future will be insecure and unadventurous with language barrier less chance of finding a professional job and weak financial situation. Actually I can say that I have been experiencing the depressing time of my life. That was the reason why I have decided to learn English and I hope I will get the confidence back into my life which I lost when I first came in America.
