My city food is extremely healthy Many variety food and healthy food are eaten by people who live in my city in Saudi Arabia. There are a lot of plants in my city which are producing a variety of vegetables and fruits. For example lettuce carrots tomatoes onions garlic eggplants string beans cucumbers potatoes cantaloupes watermelons lemons grapes and cherries. Moreover my city is the one of the best cities for producing dates in the world. In addition dates contain many things that are human's body need it. For instance water calories protein carbohydrates fiber and sugars and these are really important for human nutrition. Beside that there are thousands of sheep goats and camels in my city. Natural fresh water springs have surfaced in my city for millennium and the soil there is really suitable for farming. These two things are important for agriculture. So when people farm they will not find any troubles for their harvest. In addition many kinds of food are available in big and small supermarkets in my city. As a result people there don't face any problems when they are looking for food. Most people there consume a lot of food to ensure they have enough much food for them. However most families there have more than one child. So these people need to feed their children by providing perfect meals and healthy. For example milk with cereal or eggs in the morning is a full meal. According to my mother and my aunts in their food methods they usually cook by choosing a variety of healthy foods. For example when they cook chicken they don't cook it alone but they try to put a lot of vegetables. Such us tomatoes and onions. To make sure that the chicken has more benefit than if they just cook it alone. Moreover they usually advise us to eat fruits and vegetables. For instance banana and carrots which are gives us the energy and activity. Actually most vegetables are naturally low in fat and calories. Also eating vegetables and fruits may reduce the risk of some chronic diseases. People are very mindful when they choose their food in my city. So they usually eat the full healthy meals to give them the activity and energy and for survival. Reference Nutrition Information for Dates Macronutrients from the ANON URLSITE. Retrieved Nov. 16 2006 From ANON_URLSPAGE_Why is it important to eat vegetables From my pyramid ANON_URLSPAGE_Retrieved. Nov. 20 06
