Restaurant Pittsburgh has many different estaurants and those restaurants serve different types of food. The McDonald's and Olive Garden are popular in Pittsburgh. Those two restaurants have own style but now people look for health food and a good services. In term of restaurant having health food and very good service Olive Garden restaurant is a good restaurant and McDonald's is not good. Everyone know that health food very important and the body need it to grow healthy and the good services that everyone want it in any restaurant so these are important to know which restaurant has healthy food and good services. McDonald's is the most popular fast food restaurant in the world. It serve different kind of hamburger and fries. These things have high rate of fat so it is not healthy. This restaurant has best fast service for customers who take order out but not for customers who eat inside because they have a lot of time to wait in line to order. After that they serve themselves by themselves and that some time let customers leave if the restaurant was crowded so these things let people tend to find other restaurants that have healthy food and good service. Many people like Italian food because it's natural and the most popular Italian restaurant in Pittsburgh is Olive Garden. This restaurant serves different dishes like pasta. Pasta is made from flour water and sometimes eggs so these natural things make this food healthy. There are other dishes like chicken soup and lasagna and fettuccine are consisted of macaroni. These ingredients make these foods healthy food. Also this restaurant has excellent service. It has two separate parts one for smoker and one for non smoker. Waiters serve different kinds of beverage for the customers before the food these make customers happy and relaxing until their order are ready to be served. Healthy food and excellent service make Olive Garden good restaurant and make people like and enjoy with his dishes. Any successful restaurant have healthy food and good service other things are not important to customers because people now become more conscious for what good what bad for their health.
