The reasons I decided to learn English English is an international language which is becoming widely spoken worldwide. Knowing a foreign language especially English help many people achieve their goals. That is why many people seek to acquire this language. For me there are three causes why I decided to learn English to further my education to get a better job and to communicate with foreigners. English has appeared to be the medium of instruction in many institutions in non speaking English countries. It is also taught as a second or foreign language in schools. For instance in the University of Al Fatah the biggest educational organization in Libya my country English is used in all classes except those dealing with Arabic language and its literature. Accordingly students who wish to join any program in any college of the university have to improve their English in order to get the chance of admission. Undoubtedly obtaining a higher degree is often achieved through mastering English. For this reason I took many private English courses during my high school. Getting a good job is a great accomplishment to many people. One of the crucial factors that now help decisively achieve such a goal is the level of one's English. Due to the phenomenon of globalization and free trade many businesses have to deal with international customers and exhibit their goods or services in the world market. This requires special potentials such as demonstrating perfect English skills. To find a good job position I tried to develop my skills in English by listening to English news programmes such as BBC and CNN and seizing the opportunity of meeting foreign people to practice English with. Due to the fact that the world has become a small village the chance of meeting and dealing with international people has decreased. Travel involves such a mix. Almost all of the international airports travel and tourism agencies hotels people gatherings such as conferences are run and operated in English. Because I like travel very much I had to learn English which has positively affected my trips to Italy France and Ukraine where I had to communicate with different nationalities. In these trips I was comfort and secure by virtue of English. Since childhood I have dreamed of obtaining a high degree having a remarkable post and traveling to different parts of the world. These are the reasons that pushed to learn English which has a great importance and influence in many aspects of daily business. For me without English it would be difficult to reach any success and I advice all my friend to start taking classes in English.
