Topic The cause of divorce on family life. Nowadays there are lots of couples who get divorced than in the past. Approximately 50 all marriage in American end in divorce now. It seems that people think divorce is easier way than fixing their relationship. There are several reasons that people decide to divorce like distinct personality lack of communication changing women's roles. Firstly the most important factor of divorce is distinct personality. Couples often conflict because of their different personality and perspectives. It is natural because they have lived in obviously distinct environments for a long time. They should try to adapt each other. However it is difficult to accept the different personality. So they quarrel due to that. They might be exhausted their spouse after fighting. As a result they think divorce is better way than fighting every day. Another important reason of divorce is lack of communication. Every couples need communication since they have lots of problems that range from nurturing kids to family finance in the daily life. They should talk over to solve those kinds of problems. However they don't have enough time to talk because now lots of couples think spending time for work gives them much money and it solves all of their problems and gives them better life. So the communication is declining however they still can't solve their problems. Also due to lack of communication they can't understand each other. Therefore they feel that they don't need to live together. Other cause of divorce is changing women's roles. In the past most of women did house works like washing dishes caring for children cooking. On the other hand as society's concept about women is changing many women work out of house. They work as a career like doctor lawyer etc. So the couple has to share their house chores. However some men still want women to work house works like cooking cleaning washing. They don't want to accept equality between men and women. Therefore they argue with this and they decide to divorce. Marriage is not easy. Couple often quarrel each other. As a result they choose divorce for last way to solve their relationship. There are lots of causes of divorce like distinct personality lack of communication changing women's roles. However they have to think seriously about divorce. Divorce affects individual life. After divorce many people depress and lost their property. Before deciding divorce they should think meaning of implication what is marriage life.
