Cats and dogs are the most popular pets in the world. They are easily tamed by humans and easy to raise. Although dogs and cats are both popular for humans they have their own character. Because of this when someone wants to have a pet they should decide carefully. In terms of pet's character and behavior they're act a little differently. Dogs can get lonely easily. It is often that they even get lonely from birth. If there is nobody to take care of it when it's born it is easy to feel fear on its whole life. Similarly humans also get lonely easily. Because of this common thing many people raise dogs. Dogs are docile and good to their master. When their master come back home it is delighted to them. On the other hand cats are aggressive fundamentally. And they don't get lonely easily. Even if there is nobody in a house they can play well and they can clean their body by themselves. In Korea people think cats don't have enough coquetry like dog. However many people like cats because masters don't need to take care of them frequently. Dogs and cats are a little different in behaviors. For example dogs make some rank of its master's family. If a dog lives with a family it will make a rank for each member and behave differently in order of importance. The person who gives food everyday will be the best person for the dog. And it will ignore the last person of the rank. It will never welcome the last person. Besides cats never make rank and betray their masters. When it admits someone as a master it always follows them. The dog which runs away from home usually never comes back to the home because it couldn't remember how to come back home or meeting some other masters. However cats always come back home in this situation. If it doesn't come back home then it tells us that cat didn't accept its master. Actually I don't like pets too much. But I know their behavior because of my grandfather. He likes both a dog and a cat. There are many different things between dog and cat but their thought would be the same so we can't determine what is better and what is worse. They are different just in expression. If the master loves them they will feel it and give back as same as their receiving love. Sometimes pets are very helpful for humans to forget lonely and sad things. If someone needs to have a pet it will be better to consider pet's character.
