In all major cities in the world it's possible to find public transportation which helps people to go to work or just to help them to get wherever they want to go. All are more or less expensive diverse useful and fast. Actually it's very important for students all over the world. It's an important part of their life and most of the time the only way to go to school to a party or just to go back home. In terms of cost safety and convenience public transportation in Pittsburgh is quite good. However in terms of cleanliness effectiveness and diversity there's a lot of progress to be made. To begin with public transportation is very convenient in Pittsburgh. It's a big town with a lot of things to do sometimes it's good to have something free to help the students in their life. It's helpful when one wants to do shopping or go to the library or just see a football game downtown. In this manner students can also save money on gas. Actually Port Authority the bus company is affiliated with the universities and the students pay the bus in their tuition but it's still cheaper than using a car. Moreover it's a very safe way to save money and potentially even lives. When someone wants to have fun with his friends in a bar or just to have a good dinner in a great restaurant with his co workers it's dangerous to drive a car or just annoying to go back home on foot and very expensive to call a taxi but it's pretty sure that there will be a bus. In addition there are a lot of bus stops all over town buses day and night and connection between the different areas of Pittsburgh. In any case the bus drivers are almost all friendly and helpful. On the other hand the buses are dirty and crowded and most of the time full. These problems are due in part to the infrequency of buses and in part to a lack of organization. For example if a bus comes quickly one is lucky but most of the time people wait for fifteen or twenty minutes. The only situation where it is good to wait is when someone has finished a party and needs to throw up before going back home. Moreover there are many buses all at once and then nothing for a long time. It would be nicer to have one every five or ten minutes. To continue with this idea it's very difficult to understand how the bus system works even if one is native to Pittsburgh. For many people public transportation is expensive and confusing 1 and they lose a lot of time learning how to go to a specific place. What is striking here is the price for those who must pay it's only Pittsburgh and the price is almost the same that in New York or Paris. When one is a non driver or can't have a car in town because it's too expensive insurance gas parking it seems very important and helpful to have access to a good public transportation system. It can be more attractive to a big city. Similarly there is only one manner to use public transportation. In large cities all over the world such as Paris New York San Francisco Moscow or Rome there's the choice between buses subways trains and sometimes streetcars but in Pittsburgh it's only the bus. The only subway connects a car park with the downtown and it's mostly the corporate workforce that uses it. To conclude even if public transportation is not really good in Pittsburgh it sometimes gives the possibility to speak with people who travel together and share some words and smiles. It would be interesting to know what the riders think and what they want to do to improve this problem. I'm convinced that it wouldn't take much time to change the system by increasing the frequency of the buses and thinking about how to add new things such a streetcar on Fifth Avenue in order to help people to start the workday in a more enjoyable manner. 1 ANON URLPAGE
