January 17 1995 I had experienced a terrible earthquake the Great Hanshin Earthquake. This earthquake was the most tragic earthquake which happened in Japan after World War II. I was living near the most damaged cities. Fortunately my family and my neighbor didn't lose our lives and houses. However the earthquake brought me a deep seated fear to natural disasters. The terrible earthquake had caused many serious effects on the people constructions and whole society in Japan. First of all this calamity caused various problems and tragedies to people. In this earthquake approximately sixty three hundred people lost their lives and more than forty thousand people were injured. In addition many people lost their houses and forced to live temporary houses for a long time. As a result many people had serious trauma which has been held in people's mind deeply. I didn't get terrible damage from this earthquake still I am traumatized by the horrible scene which I had actually experienced. I'm anxious about shaking by an earthquake even if that is weak shaking because shaking remains me the memories of the Great Hanshin Earthquake. I think the sorrow and trauma of the people who lost their houses and families would be deep inestimably. Second the unbelievable huge shaking caused the destruction of the constructions in the damaged cities. Many old wooden houses which had classic and traditional Japanese structures had collapsed. That became the main reason of the death and injury of the people. Beside some of old office buildings had serious damage though that caused fewer problems than destruction of houses the earthquake happened in the very early morning. Above all we were shocked to see the destruction of the freeway. The freeway was considered as a strong structure against serious earthquakes. As a result we found the weakness of our constructions and needed to rethink the standard of the constructions to make stronger structures against huge shaking. Finally this earthquake affected whole society in Japan widely. In this earthquake Governmental correspondences didn't work efficiently. This unexpected state of emergency caused the local and national governments confusions for collection of information of damages then that caused delay of directions to start rescue at the damaged area. What was worth we didn't have well trained techniques to rescue people in such a terrible calamity. Many victims hadn't gotten enough aids efficiently and immediately because of these troubles. Consequently we found necessity of appropriate training and provision against such serious earthquakes. In addition many people joined volunteering from the all parts of the country to help the victims. In my perspective Japanese people were not concerned with volunteering as much as people in United States. However the Great Hanshin Earthquake influenced Japanese society to reconsider the necessity and importance of volunteering in emergency situations. Unfortunately we can't predict exactly when terrible earthquake will happen. Not only earthquakes various disasters could happen everywhere in the future. The one thing we can do is sufficient preparation against such calamities. For that we should understand the characteristic of living land and what kind of disaster is possible to occur. Furthermore when it happens we should help each other through volunteering and social works to recover from damage not only physical problems but also mental damages.
