Evaluate two restaurants In the USA there are many kinds of restaurants. When I came to Pittsburgh the first time I really wondered why there were a lot of restaurants that were different from the restaurants in my country. That let me choose many kinds of foods for my meal but I have been going to American restaurants which impress me and let me enjoy my meals. The Cheesecake Factory and TGI Friday are my favorite American restaurants in Pittsburgh. Both restaurants have some things that people appreciate and some things that people do not like. However in terms of variety of foods and decor the Cheesecake Factory is much better than TGI Friday. As far as a variety of foods the Cheesecake Factory contains much more kinds of food than TGI Friday's. In the Cheesecake Factory there are many categories such as appetizers main dishes beverages and desserts. Main dishes are lots of foods in many styles so people who come from different countries can select the food which they are familiar with. Also there are many kinds of famous cakes which they can choose and enjoy. Moreover the Cheesecake Factory's foods and cakes are delicious and look very well although the cost is quite expensive. The dishes are very large so for this reason the cost is expensive. However a variety and taste of foods makes people like to go there very much. For example when my friends and I went to this restaurant we had to wait about forty minutes for our seats. It shows that the Cheesecake Factory is very popular in Pittsburgh. On the other hand TGI Friday is also popular in Pittsburgh but I think there is less variety of foods than the Cheesecake Factory's. Most foods at TGI Friday are steak and pasta so people can choose few kinds of food. Nevertheless the taste of steak and pasta is really good. For dessert TGI Friday does not have many choices such as cake but the Cheesecake Factory has a lot of popular cake which people want to eat. In terms of decor the place I also think the Cheesecake Factory can be decorated place better than TGI Friday's. Although decorating depends on themes of the restaurants I like a restaurant which looks more open and light so I am more likely the ambience at the Cheesecake Factory than TGI Friday. I think TGI Friday is too dark and opaque. For instance there are a lot of people who like to go to both restaurants so some people want to smoke and some don't want to so both restaurants have a smoking area and a non smoking area but in TGI Friday both areas are really close so people who do not smoke or do not like smoke can smell smoking easily. It might make people not enjoy their meal. On the contrary the Cheesecake Factory is a big beautiful building and there is a smoking area separate from a non smoking area so the air can ventilate easily. In addition if they look from outside the restaurants the Cheesecake Factory's building which is on the South Side looks more beautiful than TGI Friday's building which is at the Waterfront. In conclusion there are many American restaurants in Pittsburgh where I have never gone so I can't say that the Cheesecake Factory is the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. There are many factors which people can think about a restaurant. However in my opinion the Cheesecake Factory is quite better than TGI Friday in many terms.
