Homeless children have become considerable problem in some places of Turkey. The problem was not huge before however in the last decade the amount of the homeless children has increased due to several social problems. That has crucial importance because as we all know the core of a nation consists of its young generation. If the young generation is damaged then the future of the nation is affected negatively. Even though the consequences have not shown themselves yet there is an anticipation of bad results in the near future if the solution is not found. If the problem is not going to be prevented the result will enlarge gradually. There are several negative effects of having homeless children in Turkey. First of all they face with an unschooled situation. Even though they are considered as a future of the nation they can do nothing about the nation. In fact education is indispensable part of their life in other words they need good education as they need a bread and a couple of water. In general children are assisted by someone else to apply a school to get education. Otherwise it is not usual to see a child who attempt to apply a school. Like that statement if they are not stimulated they may stay on the streets. Second the children are threaded of using drug. Even they are homeless children they are the part of the citizen and nobody wants to lose the future of the country that is young generation. Evidently when a child feels herself himself in separation in addition to that when the child is surrounded by children who use drug the child is obviously affected by the others. Drug harms their body physically and mentally. When they use drug they are out of control and they are potential of doing crazy things. Moreover they might also become dangerous for the other people who are also threaded by those children. In order to see what is going on on the streets looking at the streets is enough. Third some of these children are potentially criminal. Today it has been common to see the increasing in the children prisons. There are many crimes that are done by them. When they take drug they turn into crime machine. The bad side of that is that they do not aware of doing dangerous actions. Thus they don't care whatever they have done. They are unconsciousness particularly when they take drug they are so dangerous and capable of doing whatever they want. As a result having homeless children have become social problem and they are potential to do negative actions. The problem is going to last and the result will be catastrophic. On the other hand they are also potential of saving their life and they can create better future for the nation if people reach out a hand to them. In my opinion government is the most responsible unite to take necessary actions.
