In these days a divorce rate is getting increased more and more. I think that It's not good to increase the divorce rate to themselves their kids their spouses. An expended family system has changed into a small family system. All of us who live in an age of the small family system don't have enought time to communicate with your family and spouses. It makes us hard to understand an imprtance of family. Why do couples devorce There are three important causes of devorce including dissimilarty in character domwstic economy and having an affair with someone. First of all according to survey the domestic economy is the biggest cause of the devorce. The world economy situation is getting worse and worse. Also The gap between rich and poor has widned. These situations influnce on the domestic economy. Many couples who have a problem about the domestic economy are difiicult to keep on their married life. After all They decide to devorce. In order not to fail in a wedded life we can check the condition of pouses's financing. Moreover If you have a problem about the dissimilarity in character you might be hard to keep on a married life. Also whenever yo do somethings you could conflict with your spouse. It might probabaly make you hard more and more. I think that we need to understand persinality of our spouses. A third cause of the devorce is that your life partner who you love has an affair with someone. This problem is getting increased more and more. This act breaks relience. The married life that breaks dependence is difficult to keep on theit relation. We have to be always careful to have an affair with someone. In conclusion I think that the devorce between men and women must be descreased for their family kids and themselves. In order that the devorce descreases we have to confirm the financing condition of our spouses understanding the personality of life partners and are careful to have an affair with someone. If you take care of these you can succeed in your married life.
