Effects of divorce on children Everyone must have their father and mother but not all of them still have family. One of the reasons is divorce making their family disintegrate. Divorce affects on every member of family. Because of divorce children tend to have many things in order to adjust their life. Divorce of parent has had three important effects on their children such as parental loss financial loss and emotional stress. Children lose parental life when their parents are divorce. Because of divorce their father and mother will separate house. Children will have less of chance to live with one of parents. If they live with mother they will not spend time with father on homework sport outdoor living etc. . If they live with father they will not receive skill from mother such as cooking. If their single parent has new family children will have more feeling of losing parent. When they lose one of parent they also lost important resource to gain more knowledge. Children lose their finance when their parents are divorce. Not only did parents split their house but they also separate their wallets. Money supporting children will decrease at least fifty percentages because family's income is reduces. Lower income will impact children lifestyle to buy toy snack and activity in summer camp. Because of less money their father or mother may change residence that affects their childcare school and friends. They may have less chance to have special learning class such as swimming class or piano class. Financial loss will lead more problems to children. Emotional stress is one of the significant effects on children. Children may involve in conflict between parents prior to divorce. Some studied indicate that children think that they are the initial problem of parent's divorce. Even though it isn't because of them they also feel guilty about it. Children with single parent will lose warm feeling. If their father or mother has new partner children may think no one love them enough. They also feel insecure because divorce has many changes in their living such as home school and friends. Due to divorce there are several emotional stresses in children. When parents can't get along with each other divorce is one of the solutions. There are several consequential effects on their children such as parental loss financial loss and emotional stress. Even though children aren't the one who make them a problem they also are the one who get in trouble. Learning each other before marriage is the best method to prevent divorce and help children's well being.
