The Reasons for Eating a Balanced Diet Sorry I am on diet. We hear this sentence quite often nowadays. Or I would like to eat chocolate but not carrots. Moreover scientists have developed vegetables with chocolate favor just to persuade children to have a balanced diet. Why do we need to eat a balanced diet There are several reasons including maintaining one's health growing properly and staying away from getting fat. Everyone needs a healthy lifestyle in order to enjoy himself. Whether you are rich or poor young or old you will have difficulty keeping a healthy lifestyle if you do not eat a balanced diet. You use your energy by doing different kinds of activities you must recharge your energy by eating a variety of foods. Eating a healthy balanced diet constantly is also very important to prevent illness. Another reason for eating a balanced diet is that we want our body to grow as well as it can. Because of the requirements of a growing body we should diversify our food selections. For example sometimes we eat meat and vegetables. Other times we have fish and eggs instead. As we know because different types of food contain different types of nutrition we should check the contents of the food before we eat it. For instance some kinds of food such as fried chips popcorn and hot dogs taste delicious but barely contain any amount of nutrition. Last but not least if you struggle to keep fit and lose weight the easiest way is to eat a balanced diet. No matter how delicious the certain food such as your favorite cheesecake or ice cream it's not proper behavior if you want to lose weight. Besides you would not maintain your weight if you only eat vegetables or nonfat products because you might lose your health as well as your weight. Although we cannot avoid eating delicious sweets and enjoy having fast food we have to insist on eating a balanced diet. It is hard to persuade yourself to stop thinking about chocolate or pudding. On the other hand you might dislike the flavor of carrots. But as long as you want to keep fit grow properly and not worry about your weight you should start eating a balanced diet right now.
