Children and Violence Raising children is one of the hardest tasks that any parents could face. Violence issues are nowadays a huge part of that task. Knowing the main reasons that would lead any child to that is a key element in order to solve this problem. The two elements that play a huge role in that are the violent environment and the media. We have to stop violence against children. Most of the time children behave as what they have been learning from their homes. In many cases children's violent behavior can be a reflection of what they had seen in their environment. The World Health Organization WHO estimates that 40 million children below the age of 15 suffer from abuse and neglect and require health and social care. Children are most vulnerable to violence abuse and exploitation in their homes communities on their way to and in school ANON_URLSITE_2006 . Even if the violence was not toward the child himself it could affect his behavior. We know that the childhood is a time where any child would learn any behaviors that he witnesses from his environment whether it is good or bad. From my personal experience I had a friend when I was in the intermediate school who used to be a notorious child among his peers because he was so aggressive toward any mistakes that his friends would make. He used to insult them to involve them in fights and cause many other problems. Once I was visiting him in his house. I noticed that each member of the family had the same attitude that he had. We can see in general that any child who is spanked hit beaten or threatened with violence will have a tendency to become violent himself. Research has shown that there is a connection between violence and aggressive attitudes coming from children because of the media which includes television commercial or self recorded video movies video games print radio recorded music computers and the Internet Who are susceptible to such effects Children between the ages of 2 and 18 years spend an average of six hours and 32 minutes each day using media ANON_URLSITE_2006 . As we can see nowadays violence occupies a big part of the media. As a result six hours of witnessing violence should to have its effects. We need to spread the awareness among parents about that to have some control on media's violence and decrease the time period of letting children observe the media. Finally childhood is the time when each one of us has built his personality. We need know the influences of many factors that would have a role in our children's life to make sure that we are going to raise great new generations.
