The effects of climate on lifestyle Long time ago people believed that god had been managing climate so people prayed god for a rain even they scarified an animal when they need water in an agrarian society. And people have been adapted by the climate. Every county and place don't have the same climate so people have been adapted their own climate. As a result food clothes and house have been totally different with climate. The distinct climate created different kinds of food. Saudi Arabian usually eats lamb and few kinds of fruits because almost area of the country is a desert. The desert is not only dry but also hot. There is no water in the desert so people can't grow a crop. On the contrary Thai enjoys eating rice and many kinds of tropical fruits because of rain. Thai has been growing rice with water from rain. Hot but humid climate also helps a crop grow well. Thai can cook various kinds of food with their enough ingredients unlike Saudi Arabian. The climate has also affected clothes. England is famous for fog and cold weather. For this reasons English has developed a textile industry. Cotton and cashmere became typical goods in England. On the other hand Indonesian doesn't need cashmere. There is only summer in Indonesia. Consequently textile industry has not been developed instead Indonesian has been developing agriculture. Houses are able to be distinguished by climate. When Korean builds a house they think of winter first because winter is very cold. Therefore Korean invented their typical heating system the floor heater. Nobody can find a fireplace in a Korean house. And a wall is thick to keep the warm in a house. However in Hong ANON_NAME_0 we cannot find any heating system in a house. There is winter in Hong ANON_NAME_0 but winter is not cold like Los Angeles. People in Hong ANON_NAME_0 use a wall to keep the cool in the house so wall is not thick like the Korean house. People have to adapt to climate because we cannot change the climate. Therefore people have been developing many things in their own climate. The climate makes human life change and has affected food clothes and a house. Every food clothes and house shows that the human life is concerned with the climate.
