What are the reasons of culture shock Also what are the things that lead to culture shock Usually lots of people established grew up in their hometown and lived surrounded by their family and relatives. Suddenly they decided to leave their hometown to achieve their target in a new country. It is obvious that culture shock happenes because of misunderstanding and confusion between verbal communication and nonverbal communication. There are several causes contributing to culture shock due to language different habits and homesickness. Initially One of the difficult causes that face immigrants is language due to difficulty of speaking foreign language and how to cooperate with people until they learn language. In addition there are enormous differences between nations in communication. For example communicate through words verbal communication and body language nonverbal communication differ from country to another which created culture shock. For example nodding or bowing in Japanese people are not accepted in Saudi culture. Also due to difficult pronunciation and different accents some would feel embarrassed to use language that lead to culture shock. From my perspective acquisition of language is not so easy but it is extremely crucial to merge with a new culture and learn their language. Different habits are the most common factor that cause culture shock. A person who was familiar with his own customs own habits and own traditions try to modify them to suit a new culture can caused shock. Moreover different in education system driving car shopping and clothing demonstrate and cause huge shock. For instance eating habits in Saudi Arabia unlike those in the US. Also different methods of society's habit cause shock. For example Saudis' suprised when they see the women drive and walk in the street alone. American culture is different from others that many people came to it and sustain to culture shock especially if the person came from small town or village to a huge city. Then he will see the tall buildings mail system transportation and many diverse distinction. A third cause for culture shock is homesickness. Traveling to new country and new culture is one of the reasons of culture shock because the immigrants are usually accustomed to do many things in their lives and modified it suddenly. For example some people may be accustomed to meet their family and sat with their parent every day and they miss them in their new country. Many accustomed to not being worried and thinking about any thing if something wrong happened either for him self or from their life's problems because they will find the solution immediately but it is so difficult in a new culture. Being far away from special person to you cause homesickness and feel depressed and in the beginning you don't feel secure with new culture. In conclusion a lot of aspects relevant to each other cause culture shock such as speaking a new language different customs and being far away from their relatives and their family. Culture shock with new things due to unfamiliarity with and inability to live with the same routine from their past. Finally culture shock can also causes many benefits which teach person new experiences and how to depend on him self and face the challenges and how to solve them.
