A lot of people practice many types of exercises. Typically they obtain a lot of benefits. Each of them focuses on a certain target to achieve it. In physical therapy they utilize special exercises that call is therapeutic exercises. Therapeutic exercises have had three important affects on body's systems the respiratory system circulation system and muscular skeleton system. The respiratory system is the first system can the therapeutic exercises affect on. Because the all muscles and joints which are work need extra oxygen and glucose and that is why the respiratory system must work more than in normal situation. As consequence of the requirements the respiratory system increase numbers of breath consequently the capacity of lungs will improve and the lungs eject the cumulative sputum outside the body. As a result of the respiratory system has ability to improve its function. Another effect of the therapeutic exercises is on circulation system. Due to the respiratory system work the circulation system has to work extra too. Because the similar requirements are body needs. The circulation system has a possibility to supplies oxygen and glucose to all parts of body via blood. Since it works extra it is going to supplies the heart by oxygen and glucose. Also the blood circulation will be activated and fast to make balance between metabolism and catabolism reactions during exercises practice. In addition the therapeutic exercises effect on the muscular skeleton system. As a result of movement of the muscles and joints the strengthening of muscles increase and the joints will be more flexible. As consequence of exercises the patient will improve the neuromuscular coordination. Due to the exercises the patient learns control on his muscles' movement easily and his joints' range of motion will increase. The most affects exercises on the muscular skeleton system are learning improve the motion skills. The therapeutic exercises improve the function of main body' systems the respiratory system the circulation system and the muscular skeleton system each on completes other.
