The Causes of Culture Shock If you move another country for any reason at that time the culture shock starts. Culture shock is a reaction that people feel when they try to get used to a new culture. Countries characteristics such as climate food custom language social habits shape people's traits. These concepts are distinct in every country for this reason people's values are different country to country. Culture shock can occur in many ways. For example leaving your country and family different social values and climate. Living far away from home country family and friends is one of the cause of culture shock. Knowing and feeling the loneliness day after day makes person upset and isolated. Because when you need to talk or meet them you realize again and again they are not here and they are thousands miles far away from you. The only thing you can do to call them or make a video call via internet. Every nationality has its own social values. Personality properties are directly related with the homeland's social values. It's normal to feel confused nervous and disappointed when you have a new ambiance. New ambiance means meeting new foreign people. And as a result of this misunderstandings can occur. Because a behavior you get used to can be perceived in a different way. Also you can have a difficulty understanding other people. Climate difference is another significant cause of culture shock. Now we all know that weather and climate effect the health of the people. These effects were examined by many researchers. Cold hot dry wet windy cloudy foggy misty weather have effects on human health in a positive or negative ways. Some people are very sensitive to weather changes. So some symptoms may occur for the people who are very sensitive to weather conditions. Irritability aggressivity anxiety depression sleep disorder fatigue exhaustion nausea dizziness rheumatism. These emotions are more effective than other times on human health who move another country for a long time period. Culture shock is a temporary reaction that given to a new life. It may be a exhausting period. But trying to understand and accept with tolerance that each culture has its own specific characteristics and people help become adapted to a new culture. Observing and asking questions about a new culture can make this period exciting. A few months later after the orientation process people feel better. Thus the culture shock can be overcome.
