A healthy body contributes to a healthy mind. This means that if you eat a healthy diet you will get a healthy mind too. A lot of people with a healthy diet eat fruits and verges which contain a lot of vitamins and minerals which is good for the body. Aside from that a healthy diet protects you from a lot of diseases such as diabetes cancer obesity and others. A healthy diet is important because it can contribute to a healthy mined it helps you live longer and lead you to a productive life. A healthy diet can contribute to a healthy mind due to think more carefully and clearly. Many of the vitamins and minerals in food can help memory mood or mental clarity It's important to think carefully everyday when we do our planning communicating learning and sharing. Eating verges like beans tomatoes cucumber carrots and others is very helpful. It's hard for those who don't eat diet food to think more clearly because their body and their brains needed minerals and vitamins. Secondly a healthy diet helps you to live longer. A lot of food naturally contains disease fighting properties. For example some scientists theorize can help fight heart disease and eating blueberries can prevent certain cancers. Some people they don't live longer because they don't eat a healthy diet. They eat fatty sugary and salty food which makes them fat and cause obesity diabetes and heart diseases. Usually those people they don't live longer. But if you eat healthy diet your body will be happy healthy and you will also live for a long time. Lastly having a healthy diet helps you lead to a productive life. Eating protein especially in the morning can provide energy all day. People with a healthy diet always sleep well awake and energetic and participate in every activities. They also do better at work and have more fun. Those with unhealthy diet don't have a productive life because they their bodies are not response well which makes them weak and they don't participate to every activity because of body problems. Eating a healthier diet is an easy way to improve the condition of your mind your body and your life style. Do you want to live longer stronger happier and healthier If your answer is Yes why don't you try a balance diet. I suggest if everyone eat a healthy diet every day I believe that everyone will live happy and wealthy for a long time.
