Do you know how to love your lover and have a good relationship with them Nowadays the divorce rate is grow up. Why this phenomenon happening There are many things that trigger divorce such as people marrying because of the baby the husband or wife has secret lover and parents disapprove the child's partner. Marrying because of the baby is happening everywhere. There are two factors the first factor is accident. Lover had sex before they getting marry and they did not protect themselves well which made them have a baby. After that some men think that he has the responsibility to marry the woman. Also some woman's parents compel the man marry to their daughter even though they don't know each other very well. The second factor is planning. Some people try to use the baby to let their lover marry to them so they try to have a baby when they are dating. But the problem is after they got married they found out that they don't know each other well and they regret it therefore they choose to divorce. A husband or wife having a secret lover becomes more common than before. Having a secret lover also have two reasons. Firstly they don't love each other anymore. After they are married for a few years some couples do not have any love in their relationships they feel their relationship is becomes meaningless thus they try to find some new relationship and they will date them secretly. The second reason is flaunting. After people become rich some of them think that their partner looks not very pretty or handsome so they don't want to show their partner to other people. They find some pretty girl or handsome boy to be their secret lover and they keep the secret just for their family. When they have some party or some meeting they can flaunt their secret lover to their friend or others. When their valid partner find this thing out they try to figurer it out. The way they always choose is divorce because they can't accept their partner to betray them. Parents approve of child's marring is very important for many people. If his or her partner and their parents don't have good relationship and their parents disapprove of them they will have big troubles. Some parents do very bad things to their child's partner and they try to make their child and partner's relationship go into dangers. Some of them chose divorce because of respect for their parents on the another hand some of them chose divorce because their parents push their relationship in to dangers. Love is very important for couples and it keeps the relationship between couples. If you love your lover do not use the baby as the reason for your marrying. If you love your lover do not mind their looking and betray them. If you love your lover try to help them have good relationship with your parents and let them approve of your marrying. Do not use divorce to hurt your lover. At this moment do you know how to love your lover and keep the good relationship with them
