The reasons why people in my country decide to learn English. Learning another language is a hard task. Besides a clear mind it requires a lot of time and preparation. English language occupies the top rank in languages that are taught as a second language in this era. Although it was developed from many languages it has become popular all over the world. It's been targeted by the vast majority of people who want to learn new languages. In my country English has been taught in elementary school recently. People there realized the importance of learning English even adults started studying English for those main three reasons it's a worldwide language and it's important to acquire a degree and improve career. First English is considered the common spoken language in many areas of the world. People who speak different languages have found that English is the best way to communicate. Speaking this language help them make friendships and learn about their others cultures. Furthermore English has surpassed the individual level it has become involved in many aspects of business between governments and international companies. In addition English is the dominant language in the internet and people who understand English are able to access many information sources. Second English language is a significant factor when someone wants to pursue a degree in a foreign country. First of all students supposed to demonstrate their English language before entering a university so they must take certain tests and acquire a minimum required score of every aspect reading listening speaking and writing. In addition students who are able to speak and understand English always have the courage to participate in class and they face no difficulty in understanding materials. They are also capable of accomplishing their homework and assignments well. Finally English is important for someone's career. People who are searching for better jobs those days are expected to have the ability to speak other language in addition to their mother language. Both local and foreign companies prefer to hire applicants who know English. Workers who have good knowledge of English have the potential to catch up the latest technologies. They can be also involved in several companies' projects and they can cooperate with other foreign workers to perform many tasks. Furthermore they have the chances of travelling abroad to participate in many conferences. In conclusion English is a global language and learning this language will open many opportunities to many people to success in their study and career. In my opinion it's necessary for someone to learn English. It's a big task for most people but is worth it and they will never regret the time they spent on learning it. It's a matter of practice and patient and their English will come along.
