The reasons I decided to learn English Nowadays many people learn and study English in many countries. English is the most expanse language in the world. More than half the populations around the world speak English. I have chosen English as the second language after my mother tongue. Learning another language gives me the ability to understand other culture. Also there are three main reasons why I decided to learn English as a second language study communication and business. The most important reason is study. Learning English is usually a part of getting a high score on a test such as TOEFL for university. I have to study English hard to enter a good university in the U. S. Also there are so many books written in English that I must learn English. The English is the language of sciences now. There are many researches and conferences had used English language. The English is the key to many things. For example books music computers health and internet. The next reason is communication. English has become the international language over the world. I learn English because I want to travel to another country and I need to know speak English to get many things as stay in a hotel or buy gifts or communicate with other people. Also English is the main language of organizations like the Unite Nation. There are lots of letters and postcards are written in English. Almost all international competitions are administrated in English. For example the Olympics worlds contest. In addition I talk about my ideas and opinions on internet discussion groups or send e mail to interesting people and learn about their life and culture. The last reason is business. Learning English give me the ability do business oversees in other countries. Learning English helps me to open the door of business and markets over the world. All business today is international. I have to know English to contact other businesspeople. There are many international business newspapers and magazines written in English. In conclusion learning English is probably one of the best skills to study by the beat language and communication with people from different country and make business over the world. Learning other countries language is very hard but there are lots of people learning English. And each of them has a variety of important reasons.
