What is the worst situation to people and the world Lost the all of money Getting old I think the debated issue will point to the natural disasters. A serious natural disaster can destroy whole family or country. One of the most dangerous disasters is the global warming. The reason causes global warming become worst and worst is people ignored many environment problems such like produced products by toxic materials large CO2 pollution and hard lumber. First of all in many developed countries and factories earn more benefits and money by using huge toxic materials to produce their goods. These deadly materials may cause the air and water pollution problems. Sometimes because of these pollutions many people may be sick or dead all over the world. Most important effect is the toxic gas destroy the ozone concentrations. All of these problems are still progressing and could not solve in the mean time that is one of the reasons effect the global warming. Secondly cars and the air conditioner may produce lots of CO2. People use to driving car and stay at home all day long especially in the summer time. Because of the hot weather people choose the comfortable way to live. According to the high quality life people use to solve trash problem by burning. These air pollutions produced huge CO2 and destroy the original fresh air. The results made the ozone concentrations become thinner and ultraviolet rays irradiated to the earth directly. The other reason of global warming is the Rain forests decrease in very fast speed recently. Hard lumber is the main damage of Rain forests. Papers and lots of woodworks all comes from woods. For the cause Rain forests become precious because it can make fresh oxygen. If there are full of CO2 in the world the earth will be unhealthy and become a deadly heavenly body. For all of the effects toxic materials air pollution and using woodworks the earth are start to warning people by natural fighting back. For now people start to notice face the serious problems and trying to reduce destroying our earth. I think it's possible if everyone loved the land from heart. Using non toxic materials take the bus in stead of cars and using the recycle paper furniture. To give our later generations a clean and comfortable life environment and protect the poor earth.
