Obesity has become one of the major problems in our society. Obesity can cause other physical disease. Even sometimes it is the cause of mental disease. Obviously obesity threats public health. So countless people have been trying to remove their obesity with a lot of solutions such as special exercise machines particular food or substances and books that has useful information about diet but it has not been solved completely. People know exactly what they need to do to succeed in diet. However people don't have information about how they exercise how much and what kind of food they need to eat how they should deal with their mental problem such as stress. If people are specifically aware of the information they will be able to get rid of their fat. First of all many people who are fat try to work out but they need to know how much and what kinds of exercise they need to do. Roughly there are two types of exercise one is walking or running and another one is weight lift. Periodical walking or running can be the fastest way to burn the fat which makes people look ugly. However it must be longer than 30 minutes because the fat starts burning 30 minutes later after running. Before 30 minutes carbohydrate which is main energy source in our body is consumed. Also it should be shorter than 60 minutes. After 60 minutes protein which consists of muscle will be consumed. Therefore to get a perfect result walking or running between 30 minutes and 60 minutes is the perfect exercise. In addition to running weight lift is required to burn extra fat because muscle movement supports burning the fat on specific parts of body. Moreover people can avoid saving fat in our body with getting some muscle. To get more successful outcome in diet food change is demanded. Most obesity is from consuming huge amount of sugar and carbohydrate. People don't recognize how much sugar and carbohydrate they eat usually. Sugar and carbohydrate which are main energy source for human body are changed to fat if they are not used. For common men approximately 1 000 1 200 kcal of carbohydrate is enough. Therefore people need to calculate food's calories with ingredient lists before they eat. Also too much fat has to be eliminated on people's food list. Trans fat is completely unnecessary ingredient and saturated fat has to be limited to certain amount because both fat works like poison in our body. People must reduce the amount of the food that has much fat such as French fries fried chicken and hamburger if they want to lose their heavy weight. Most of all recently stress has been the primary cause in obesity. When people get stressed they find ways to remove the stress. The ways can be overeating and certain kinds of activities that don't use our body because they already feel exhausted so they don't want to be tired any more through exercises. Overeating definitely causes obesity regardless of what kinds of ingredients food include. In addition the activities that don't require people to work out only offer people another chance to eat something. Therefore it is important how people deal with their stress. In conclusion if people rely on only easier diet skill can they keep their body healthy People have avoided the harder way that is related to the main causes that I mentioned above. The solutions should be found in the main causes because the causes tell us the clues about what we should do. There is no permanent alternative instead of exercise and controlling the amount of food that we eat and the alternative might implicate danger. We can only succeed in diet with the techniques that are connected to the basic causes.
