Must Love Dogs' 'Must love dogs' 2004 is a title of the movie about a couple who have met via an online dating website and fell in love with each other. Although the movie was well storied and funny finding your other half online seemed a little bit unrealistic at that time. Until then not so many people had imagined that they could actually marry somebody they had met online. However online dating sites have become very popular these days. Seems like whenever you flip through TV channels at least one channel is airing an advertisement for an online dating website. What have made them so popular in such a short period Easy internet access busy lifestyle and late marriage could be the major three reasons. Easy internet access has allowed more people log onto online dating websites. Nowadays we cannot imagine our life without internet. People spend so much time online shopping reading articles or just surfing websites with no specific purpose. It's not just when you're at home or office. Now you can get internet access almost anytime anywhere. More people are carrying a notebook or a netbook a smaller version of a notebook which makes it even more portable. You also have I pods blackberries and even good old cell phones are internet ready these days. Besides more restaurants and coffee shops are providing free wireless internet services. While you're waiting for your friend on a big comfy couch with your favorite coffee you can log on to the dating sites you have registered and check if someone has replied to your ads. In addition because of the busy life style of the modern society many people simply don't find time to meet people and date in the real world. Actually online dating is much easier and faster than the traditional dating. For a traditional dating it usually takes months for people to ask somebody out for a date go on a couple of dates and decide whether to continue to meet each other. If it doesn't work out very well you have to move onto another person. But sadly you have already wasted months on the wrong person. But online dating is totally different. You can search people's profiles that mach your criteria and send messages to more than one person at the same time. So even if some of them say 'not interested' you can just set up dates with others who actually reply 'yes' without wasting any time during the whole process. Finally late marriage has become one of the reasons more people are searching on websites hoping to find their partners. As people get married much later than they used to they tend to get less chance to meet somebody special to them. People used to meet their loved ones at schools through classes or activities all the time. After graduation there aren't too many chances to meet someone like that. To make it worse many companies have no dating policies because they have become so paranoid about sexual harassment lawsuits. As internet becomes more accessible dating websites have become more available to people who need them. There also have been high demands because many people don't have time or chance to meet somebody. For those reasons a dating system has evolved and your date actually might be just a couple of clicks away. However there is an important thing for everybody to remember. No matter how easy and fast it becomes to meet somebody online all the relationship has to be cherished and respected.
