The effects of Poverty Poverty is deemed to be one of dilemmas that the world has been struggling with. There are several impacts of poverty which threaten our societies. For example poverty is an obstacle in the way of civilization. Moreover it is considered to be one of the most main reasons of prevailing crimes. In addition it is a principle factor in circulating the fetal diseases. First of all a society which suffers from a shortage of resources of food cloths drinking water can be exposed for a lot of crimes. For example in Africa where people struggle from starvation a percentage of people who died every day has been increasing because they do impossible things in order to fill their stomach by food. The people kill each other do what they ever want to just to get something let them survive. Consequently proportion of crimes will increase and the murders can prevail easily. Thus the poverty is a huge hazard threatens our society. Furthermore diseases of poverty reflect the dynamic relationship between poverty and poor health. Scarcity of life styles is the principle reason behind spreading out the epidemics. For instance in some areas where the starvation is too high many diseases such as malaria and Aids are prevalent. The shortage of providing efficient healthcare for poor people will be a main reason in diffusing the fetal diseases. Moreover merging such these diseases will be an enormous hazard which intimidates the safety of the world. Finally the most effect of poverty on our societies is that the poverty can be a dwarf in the progress and the civilization. Those who are living in poverty in the developed world may suffer social isolation. Rates of suicide may increase in conditions of poverty. Low income levels and poor employment opportunities for adults in turn create the conditions where households can depend on the income of child members. Lacking viable employment opportunities those living in poverty may also engage in the informal economy. Consequently the joblessness which came from lack of infrastructures can be a harsh obstacle in the way of the urbanization. In conclusion scarcity of life resources may cause starvation which has intrinsic impacts on our communities such as increasing the rate of crimes propagation the epidemics and the civilization of the world. Governments have to corporate with each other to eliminate this sort of disaster by emerging private charitable organizations to support poor people and provide their needs.
