The gate of happiness Happiness is an important purpose inherently everyone is looking forward to reaching it. People can remember a lot of moments from their childhood when they were crying to get something they needed. What that means is that the crying was a method to acquire the happiness for the children. After that these methods have been developed according to develop people's desires of reaching happiness life. There are many keys to open happiness's gate good relationship between the family's members and their community getting higher education obtaining an appropriate career with a good composition as well are some of them. Having a good relationship is the first key for the happiness. Every couple should choose each other depending on the similarity in the interests and the perspective on life consequently the relationship between them will be very good which has good effects on their kids. Moreover the impacts of the successful marriage won't be just on the relationship between the parent and their children but they will influence their relationship with their community so there is no problem with any neighbor. There is a lot of cooperation and also everyone is grateful to others. Therefore family has this attribute is strongly built the base of the happiness. In addition getting higher education is another key People should use to reach the happiness. They should not waste the opportunity of getting higher education. In fact it has many advantages. For instance people who have higher level of education have always had what they need from life despite of people who did not get much education. Knowledge skills and awareness about what happen around are some of the benefits of higher education. Actually some people maybe argue about that. They consider low level of education is enough to sustain their life. However others believe that more education person gets more chance he she has of many aspects in life so the fact is more education will bring more chances to achieve happy life. Finally last but not least obtaining an appropriate job is one of the keys of happiness's gate. As a result of getting higher level of education you have a lot of chances to get a job and also some companies or institutes hope to work with them. Although people who have less education have difficulty to get jobs more than higher education people both of them looking for having appropriate career. They looking for work which they can be effective in. At the same time they have no trouble with it. Therefore the importance of acquiring an appropriate career emerged as the underlying reason towards the happiness. In conclusion the gate of the happiness is a great and strong gate and also it has many locks so one key can not open this gate all of the keys above will contribute to open it. Everyone should focus on how to catch all these keys for entering the happiness from a wide gate.
