The number of obesity continues to rise. We live in a world of convenience such as transport systems and fast food services. While this life style brought people considerable affluence and convenience the harm continues to increase the number of obese population. Reason for the increase in the number of obese people include the fact that people are eating out more frequently and a lack of exercise. Obesity is increasingly problematic and it has various complications. First obesity increases the risk of development of several diseases. Especially these are lifestyle related diseases like diabetes hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular diseases including high blood pressure myocardial infarction and brain stroke. For example obesity is associated with the development of arteriosclerosis and it would in turn lead to a heart attack. Because a lot of energy is required to move strain the heart when becoming obese. Adiposity means nothing other than illness. We need to perceive obesity as a health problem. Secondly obesity has caused serious social problems. Quite a few people confront a fat bias. In some company they do employment discrimination due to obesity. Some employer may view the obesity as an individual fault. On the other hand a few years ago the fast food industry has been criticized as one of the causes of obesity in the U. S. For instance McDonald's has received a lot of the criticisms. Fast food industry is devastated by epidemic of obesity. Therefore obesity may affect all aspects of the society. Finally obesity is closely related with economic issues. Generally overweight people cost much to live daily life compared with not obesity's. However in the extreme case of obesity it causes inactivity which decreases productivity and it damages health resulting in sharply rising health care costs. Moreover adult disease may go on for the whole of one's life and growth in medical spending. Obesity is seen as a major cause of swelling medical expenses. Consequently obesity could generate adverse economic effects in the future. As a conclusion obesity has become a serious in the world. Too much overweight does you no good and much harm. Being fit can help you live longer. When each of us can do self managing it can control the obesity epidemic. Obesity is easier to prevent than to cure. Without obesity life can be spent relax and appreciate life.
