Function vs. Form in Architecture Last week I visited two of the Nationality Rooms in the Cathedral of Learning in Pittsburgh. It was a guided tour with my writing class. These rooms are among many other rooms that represent diverse cultures. The two rooms were the Syria Lebanon room and the early American room. The two rooms represent two different purposes origins periods and cultures. One of the main differences that I have noticed between these two rooms was room function versus room form or appearance. I mean that the Syria Lebanon room looks very fancy and the early American room looks highly practical. The Syrian Lebanon room has very much decoration that mostly comes from the Islamic culture art. The room has a prayer niche and some cabinets. Its furniture consists mainly of built in sofa carpet mosque lamp and brass wooden coffee tray. The floor is made of marble. The ceiling and wall are made of painted wooden decorations. Almost every inch of the room is decorated in a fancy way. On the other hand the room has limited function since it represents mainly a small library of a wealthy citizen of Damascus. The early American room is very poor in decoration. The room represents an early American house made of wood. Originally the wood used was not painted or colored. There are no signs of decoration on the ceiling or on the walls. The room simply consists of dining and kitchen space in which people could cook and eat. It has an upper bedroom too in which people could have a rest or could sleep. On the other hand all the furniture and items of this room have practical functions. The room consists of all the necessary items and functions for a simple family to live in a complete small house. In conclusion the Syria Lebanon room is more decorated and much more colorful than the early American room. This is because the room designer concentrated more on architectural and art aspects than on functional aspects. On the other hand the early American room is much more practical and it has almost a complete house functions with less attractiveness features. Overall a balance between the purpose and the appearance depends on specific individual needs. References The Syria Lebanon room handout The early American room handout ANON URLPAGE
