What Are the Causes of Happiness People always run out their whole life to pursue their happiness. Some people feel that to earn a considerable amount of money is happiness some people ambitiously believe that to successfully achieve a greater goal is happiness some people think that to have a good relationship with families and others is happiness. Different people will have different perspective about happiness. In my point of view happiness is caused by the three main factors mental health satisfying and secure personal living conditions and moral values. The first important cause of happiness is to possess mental health. Beside hereditary reason there are a lot of people suffering mental trouble because of fierce competition high debt and high speed life in daily work and study nowadays. These can bring the greatest pressure and spirit misery and at last cause people's mental illness. The effects of mental illness can be disability and premature death and so on. So if you want to be happy you must have a good mental health. It's very necessary for you to acquire your happiness. Good mental health is above wealth. The second important cause of happiness is to have satisfying and secure personal living conditions. That means you should have a satisfying work a lovely private life and a secure community. In our work in our family and in our neighborhood we all hope that we can set up good and peaceful relationships with families colleagues friends and neighbors. These relatives are the best guarantee of our happiness. I think the three greatest disasters for people are unemployment marriage break up and unsafe living environment. We need a reasonable employment protection a stable relationships and a safe neighborhood which can bring us happiness. The last important cause of happiness is moral values. The moral values include the personal responsibility to families and society and professional ethic. The moral principles guide to raise our children and respect the elderly people to do charity to help poor people to set targets to reduce emissions and waste from our actions to contribute to local economies through the wages and taxes and to produce safety responsible and accessible product to customers and etc. Our moral values can made our society decrease cheating violation and crime and full of kindness and happiness. Everyone is eager for happiness. It's obvious possessing a mental health gaining satisfying and secure personal living conditions and having moral values are essential causes of happiness. We chase our happiness meanwhile we also should remember to help others to own it. The world will be ideal when most people feel happy.
