The entire world has the same pollution problem. This problem has currently affected the world. Dramatically it has been increasing in the last few years. Obviously this problem is dangerous on every thing around our environment animals and the humankind. Many countries have tried hard to reduce pollution but still the economy is the main factor that dominates a country. What are the sources of all this pollution and how did it start There are enormous reasons and I would exhibit only the primary three factories garbage and phenomenon. The first cause of pollution is factories. Initially pollution is made by the bad emissions that get out from the factories. In addition there are substances in these emissions that get from the factories. Moreover these emissions pollute the air and the water. After that the environment and the food we eat are polluted however every thing will be inappropriate for the humankind. Also there are other alternatives to use instead of gas or coal but it is difficult to get the alternatives that make the situation worse. All these have caused pollution in the air and the water. Secondly garbage is another cause of the pollution. People throw the trash with out consideration about the result from separating between recycle and non recycle which causes negative environment outcome that pollutes the air and the earth. The reason is the difficulty of separating the big number of trash between recycle and non recycle after the people throw them out which makes the begging of pollution. Also factories throw their trash in the environment seas oceans and river. Consequently these trashes pollute the global society. As result of throwing garbage it releases Methyl that affects the air and the water. Finally the cause of pollution is a natural phenomenon. Many phenomena have caused damages in the world such as earthquake volcanoes and fire forests. Earthquake destroys every thing in the area and stirs up the dust from the destruction. Volcanoes discharge many kinds of gases and smokes that pollute the air and destroy the area surrender a volcano. Also the stuffs get out from interior earth have effect on the surface of earth. Some fire forests are caused by natural reason such as lightning or friction some trees with each other. Although this fire makes smokes that pollute air and destroys a natural environment. Many phenomena are the cause of the pollution. In conclusion the reasons that I mentioned them previously are obvious to notice. All of those reasons cause pollution which causes disasters and affects for the human lives in both the present and the future. It's a terrible ignored these situation also the world will get worse and worse in air quality and dirty water which often cause many respiratory diseases and some other diseases that cost country much money than taking care of or reducing the pollution in the area. Recently pollution is an important problem that affects the global. Finally we should take care of our world before it be imposable to live on it.
