We had a great time when we visited the international rooms. We visited the Syria Lebanon Room and the Early American Room. We found some similarities between those rooms. And we also found a lot of differences. The international rooms located in the Cathedral for some years and there are some organizations paid for build those rooms. In addition there are some fees for visit the international rooms but we visited them without any fees. However the differences between the two rooms are obvious in size furniture and decorations. First of all the size of the Syria Room is smaller than the Early American Room and it shows the living room in the Syria's house in long time ago. But the American room shows a complete part of American house in around the same time of Syria room. In American Room there are a chicken the sitting around the fire place the bedroom and the closet. While in the Syria Room are sitting place and the place for prayed which called Prayer Niche or Miharab in Arabic language. Secondly the furniture is more different between them because their size. In the American Room are a 9 foot fireplace built of old hand made bricks handout and there are some iron cooking pots some chairs the spinning wheels two guns and a big table in the mid of this room on the first floor. In the second floor there are a bed old picture old bible and the cover of the bed. But in the Syria room there are sitting places which are not higher than normal seats and not lower like sitting on the floor. Lastly the decorations in those rooms are very different. In the Syria room is more decorated than the American room. There are a lot of colors in its walls the ceiling and the seats. There are some marble stones are used to cover the walls and the floor. But the American room is very wooden room and most of those woods were painted in the same color. In conclusion there are some others international rooms are located in the Cathedral. If you visit those rooms you will see some part of their cultures and how some nationality people lived in the past. However some rooms we have visited are more different in the spaces furniture and the decorations.
