I have three suggestions about your big confusion such as asking yourself about your decision of marriage again teaching him Japanese and taking your American boyfriend to Japan. First of all I think you should think about your marriage deeply again you need to think about your future plans more specifically with him such as the place to live communication way between your parents his parents and your boyfriend. You should make the firm plan for your future to convince your parents. This plan might also make you more relieve. Definitely you need the preparation very much for your international marriage because Jim and your cultures have many distinctions so you will have more difficulties than other girls who get married the same national guy. After that you still have the very strong thought to marry him the one thing you should do is just convincing your parents peacefully. In my perspective your boyfriend needs to learn Japanese to communicate with your parents by himself. The biggest thing your parents are concerned about is the language Jim and they cannot communicate each other without you. That is a serious problem. Marriage is not only your business your family members and his family members are also involved with your marriage. Especially many Japanese people think marriage is important for the couple's family members. Therefore Jim should learn Japanese language to make your marriage go well. At last you can bring Jim to Japan during the summer vacation to show that you think your relation very seriously. I think that your parents obviously need to meet him because if they will not meet him they cannot even imagine what kind of man Jim is. They won't agree with your marriage unless they do not know who he is by themselves. If Jim is a really nice guy your parents will be also able to notice he is a good man to marry you even though his nationality is different from you. In conclusion I give you three advice for you it includes thinking about your marriage one more time teach your boyfriend your own language letting him meet your parents in Japan.
