Comparing the Early American Room with the Syria Lebanon Room History is defined as the study of human behavior through time. It is also a study and interpretation of the old human life families and societies. When we need to study history we need to observe things or materials that our great parents left to us in order to generate a clear understanding about their life in that time. In the early American life and that in two Middle Eastern countries there are a lot of differences regarding their different cultures. We can observe these cultural issues through two rooms representing their cultures. The rooms have given us good ideas about how was the social life in both cultures in terms of the financial situation in that time. It is obvious that the rooms do not belong to people who have the same level of wealth. The Syria Lebanon room does really show us how wealthy the people were who used to live in that kind of house based on the decoration their room has. Also we can realize that from the kind of furniture that the room has. It has built in sofa with a foundation of a red and white marble. The lights of the room were made with glass cups represent to us a high quality kind of light. These kinds of materials I do not think would be affordable to the ordinary people who lived in that time. On the other hand the early American room does not reflect a wealthy American life for many reasons. For instance there was no special place for guests as what wealthy people would have. Also the kind of furniture that the room has its looks like the basic things that they could make or afford. The chairs and the tables were made of wood. The structure base was made of stones. There was not any kind of decoration that we can observe. Everything seems to be basic and simple. In general I think the function that each room has based on the situation they used to live in. In the Syria Lebanon room it is obvious that they lived in a good and secure community. We can infer that they used to have special artists to design their houses and to make the furniture. Unlike the early American room regarding their life they did not have much time for arts and decoration Because of wars they were in to establish their country. We can infer the insecure community they used to live in from the hidden bed room in their houses.
