Cause and effect essay The Problems from Obesity One of the unfair things is that some people are suffered from obesity when other people are suffered from starving. Of course eating food is one of the human wants and most people enjoy their meals. Unfortunately a human body is willing to store energy by fat even if it is too much to use for maintaining life because there was not enough food in the past. That is why people gain some weight when they eat much. However people should regulate their weight because obesity generates several problems being uncomfortable in life losing self confidence and causing disease. First of all the obesity makes people hard to move. Imagine that having some heavy things such as five pounds bracelets on your arms and legs. It makes your movement difficult so you don't want to exercise. As a consequence you will gain more weight because the fact that people barely exercise remains extra energy which can be converted to fat. Moreover because getting fat means the body size is bigger and bigger it can cause inconvenient situations. For example when a stout person gets on a crowded bus the person is having a hard time until he or she finds a suitable seat. Second the people who are fleshy can lose their self confidence because obesity makes people unattractive as well as uncomfortable. It doesn't mean only skinny people like most celebrities are beautiful. But if people are too fat other people think they are not attractive anymore. That is the reason that obesity makes people shy. Besides it's not easy to find suitable clothes especially in Korea. When I went to a mall to buy some clothes at first here I was surprised at so many big clothes. However in case of Korea we should find a special shop to buy big clothes. The worst problem is obesity can cause some disease such as arthritis diabetes and heart attack. As it was revealed before when people gain much weight it can give a burden on the knees. Consequently it occurs arthritis and makes the situation worth because when the arthritis happened once it's hard to start or continue to work out. Furthermore it's possible that fat people get diabetes because they have too much sugar to be controlled by insulin which is one of the hormones in our body. The diabetes makes blood sticky and makes be lost sugar by urine. One of serious disease is heart attack which can kill people in a short time. If a radius of the artery is getting smaller by some cholesterols and fat it's difficult for blood to go though there. Finally when the whole of the artery is blocked the heart couldn't keep beating because there is no more oxygen which is necessary for making the heart beat. It's obvious that obesity does more harm than good. But it doesn't mean that giving up all of delicious things. Even some people try to lose weight by eating disorder. It causes other disease though. Undoubtedly what people don't take over calories than they need is important but using extra calories up by exercise is more important. Nowadays people too busy to make a time to exercise but they should work out daily to prevent obesity.
