The Syria Lebanon room and the Early American room look totally different. The difference comes from the difference of the culture and period. Through the difference of the features we can experience a part of the culture of the period. Therefore characteristics of a house are a good way to guess the lifestyle of particular culture and period. First the Syria Lebanon room is so beautiful because it has elaborate decoration on the wall and ceiling. People can see at a glance that it was a room of a rich family. It has the features of 18th century houses but the decoration is so delicate elaborate and sophisticated that it does not give us an out of date impression at all. It has a luxurious atmosphere. Also it has a niche called a Mihrab that has a religious purpose to put the Koran on. Therefore although the room was used for a library it creates a special and sacred atmosphere. The furniture such as the sofas lamp and carpet looks antique but gives us a refined sense which offers an impression as if we are at a museum. The Syria Lebanon room is like a room to look at and not use for everyday life. Next the Early American room is completely different from the Syria Lebanon room. It was built in the 17th century. Although the Early American room could be also a house for the rich the look is quite simple. It has what the family needed it is practical. The wall and furniture are made from wood and do not have fine decoration. There is no doubt that they used the furniture and rooms everyday because there are many items for daily living like pots. The Early American room provides us a sense of real life not a sophisticated or luxurious one. However it has a secret room upstairs. This may be a proof that the Early American room was for the rich. Considering that it was built more than three hundred years ago it is an amazing work. The two rooms are so different but there is something that both of them needed at the time. Some features were designed because they were necessary based on their belief. For example the Mihrab was needed because of their religion. On the other hand the secret room was needed because they believed witches besides possible attack by Native Americans. The rooms have things they needed in their lives. The two rooms have very different features because they came from different cultures and periods. However they have something in common which is that they reflect their cultures like what they needed and believed. Therefore we can learn some of their culture from the the features of the houses.
