Different cultures have different room styles because of the various backgrounds life habits and so on. There are analogies between the Syria Lebanon Room and the Early American Room according to the cultures decorations and furniture. First the cultures of the Syria Lebanon Room and the Early American Room are totally different because they have different backgrounds and cultures. The Syria Lebanon Room was designed to be as the Middle Eastern style whereas the Early American Room shows the England homes style. Religion is very important for the Middle Eastern people. They designed a Mihrab altar which was built into the recessed wall in the Syria Lebanon Room handout . They also have the space to pray. On the other hand the Early American Room has a hiding loft because it could provide people from danger from Native Americans or witch baiters handout . Besides there are different decorations in these two rooms. The Syria Lebanon Room shows gorgeous style but the Early American Room displays homely style. The Syria Lebanon Room shows various colors such as red white gold and so on. The Early American Room shows the plain color. They used wood to build the room. There are just the wall sampler and coins in the Early American Room. Those are the only decorations in it. However in the Syria Lebanon Room it has a lot of painted decorations on the walls inscriptions on the cabinets and a carpet in the center of the room. In addition there is different furniture in these two rooms. For example there is a built in sofa which is red and white in the Syria Lebanon Room however in the center of the Early American Room is a pine table with pine benches around it handout . There is a firework in the Early American Room. Also there are a long handled shovel and paddles for baking various iron pots and so on. It is a typical kitchen living room. On the other hand we can find the Syria Lebanon Room provides people to take a rest because of their ornaments. These two rooms have totally different styles. They had the different cultural backgrounds. The life style affects people's structures. Also they have different decorations and furniture. As the characteristics of the Syria Lebanon Room show religion is quiet important for the Middle Western people. Also from the furniture and decorations we can know that they like the colorful ornaments and gorgeous style. However the Early American Room shows Americans emphasize their privacy because of the secret loft. It just has many simply decorations. And it is a kitchen living room style. As we know they are completely different styles.
