Health is one of the gifts that God gave to us. We need to be thankful by taking care of our health for example by eating a healthy food getting enough sleep. When some get an injury or get sick and it is consider as a serious emergency situation. What is the difference between the emergency and the medical treatment here and back home in Saudi Arabia In the beginning I would like to compare the emergency situation here and in Saudi Arabia by some general statements such as if someone has an emergency situation In the emergency here the will ask him to sing up his name first and then he should go by some rotten steps like how painful is his pain Has he done any surgery in the past and some other questions after that he can go to the room Sometime the time which the last steps take can reach to 4 to 8 hours. On the other hand the emergency situation in Saudi Arabia is a little bit different for example the patient doses not have to fill out any application or answering any question but he gets his treatment first and that is on of the reasons why it doesn't take as much time as the emergency situation here. Taking an appointment is one of the issue that where we need to stop and talk about it. Scheduling an appointment is not an easy thing to do even if you are in a hurry and why is that I think it is because the patient doesn't have many choices to where he can be treated medically. However in Saudi Arabia it is also hard to take an appointment but not as hard as here that because there are more the one choice to get the treatment there are two kind of hospital in Saudi Arabia the first one is the free hospital which run by government the other one is the private hospitals. The third thing is the price how expensive is the medical treatment here comparing with the one in Saudi Arabia. For the last reason that is why everyone should get his health insurance where we don't have to get it in Saudi Arabia because the medical treatment in Saudi Arabia is much cheaper than here. Finally I would like to mention that we compare the medical treatment here and in Saudi Arabia we are comparing three kinds of treatment the treatment here and the two other kinds in Saudi Arabia the private and the free medical treatment the free Saudi medical treatment kind of as busy as the medical treatment here and the private close to how expensive it is here.
