These days many people consider studying cultures which are usually based on the long time history of countries. Two interesting cultures are the American culture and the Arabic culture. Thus the University of Pittsburgh has designed two rooms which represent these two cultures. The first room is the Early American room which represents the culture and the lifestyle of early Americans or the English settlers in the 17th century. On the other hand the second room is the Syria Lebanon room which represents the lifestyle of Damascus' rich citizens. Each of these two rooms represents the lifestyle of these two cultures based on their skills and needs religion and cultural patterns. First of all if you visit the Syria Lebanon room you might be shocked because of its decoration and luxuries. These people cared a lot about luxury and beauty which might make us think that they lived in a period of time when the decorative art were superior. For instance if you look at the ceiling you will see an amazing decoration painting which is a style of gesso painting which was made of a fusion of chalk and glue by a special method. In contrast if you visit the Early American room you will not see any decoration but you will see an interesting room design that is a kitchen living room. Comparing with Damascus people these people did not care about art. However they seem to had advanced engineering techniques. Second these two cultures differ because of the religious aspect. If you visit the Syria Lebanon room you will see a lot of things about religion. First you will see the decoration in the wall has prayers which show these people have engaged with religion. In addition in that room there is a payer niche which is called in Arabic Miherab. The Miherab should face the holy city for Muslims which is Macca however it is not. It is the spot where Muslims pray five prayers a day. On the other hand when you go the Syria Lebanon room you will see nothing related to religion besides the Bible in the secret room which might make us think religion was not a big issue for these people. Finally Cultural pattern is an aspect which you might recognize when you visit these rooms. First in the Syria Lebanon room you will see a argela which is a kind of hookahs and you will see a coffee pitcher and coffee cups. The hookah is something which represents that culture's style of smoking and the coffee pitcher with its unique coffee cups represent the most popular beverage which is the strong Arabian coffee. On the other hand if you visit the Early American room you will see a toaster utensil and the fire place which represents the kind of food they mostly eat. Besides that is other cooking utensils which make the room is a kitchen living room. Overall the Early American room and the Syria Lebanon room which have built in the University of Pittsburgh represent these two cultures which should have needed a lot of studies about these two cultures to represent. Both of them are designed base on their needs skills and cultural patterns. However the Syria Lebanon room is also designed based on religious beliefs. In addition they cared a lot about decoration while Early Americans cared more about the Engineering techniques.
