Last winter my colleagues and I went to the Beijing Wild Zoo. I organized this outside activity and invited their families to come too. This photo was taken in front of the zoo entrance. The girl who is wearing scarf and standing near me is Nolen. She is working as a paper worker in my department. I still remember that she was very nervous when I interviewed her at the first time. Nolen who is from the south of China speaks very quickly. So I suggested her to slow down her speaking and chilled out in order to answer the questions more clearly. Later on she worked very hard and turned to be an outstanding team member. Iris and ANON_NAME_0 who are standing next to me are a new couple. They just got marriage one month before we took this photo. They invited me to attend their wedding ceremony which combined traditional Chinese culture with western culture. In China friends can make any jokes for the new couple at that time. One of our friends asked the groom to carry the bride to run around the dinning tables. Even more the groom was asked to drink the mixture drink which included soda beer and soy sauce. You know we made that terrible drink just for the groom because the more jokes we made on him the happier we enjoy their wedding party. The four young ladies who are squatting in the front are my team workers. They are easy going and very lovely. Cherry who is wearing glasses and show V had changed her job to work as a representative of an Australian's university. Jane who is wearing hat has been working as a manager of the department instead of me after I came to Pittsburgh. The reason that I suggested the boss to consider about her was because she had maintained the best sales record for two years. The girl who is holding the tick is Keke. The tall man who is standing behind her is her husbandRui. Rui who is a very shy man is working as a computer engineer. He has the same surname as mine. Therefore I asked him to call me big sister. Tom who is standing next to Rui is the oldest single man in our company. Tom is the manager of British department which is the most busies one in the company. The person who is standing in the middle of the photo is me. I enjoyed going out with my colleagues because they are the people I had worked with for two years. We were team workers and cooperated with each other very well. After work I tried to organize some entertainments such as having dinner singing karaoke and having one day trip. I believe the best way to lead a team is to the member of the team which is the method I discovered from my working experience.
