There are two nation rooms in the Cathedral of Learning named the Early American room and the Syria Lebanon room. Both are ancient and were owned by wealthy people in addition the University of Pittsburgh bought them the long time ago and has been cared of them for many years. In spite of these similarities there are lots of differences between them such as the purpose of rooms their decoration and furniture. These dissimilarities show us how different were these two cultures and customs. The first aspect is the purpose of these rooms. The Early American room is an example of New England kitchen living room in the 17th century with the hidden bedroom above the fireplace. This is an example of living space for wealthy Americans people of that period who needed to have warm home and protection from Indians. Unlike the Early American room The Syria Lebanon room represents a kind of living room for meeting people and also for the religious purposes. People who had owned this room before the University bought it did not need to warm it so we cannot see any heating system there. The second aspect is the decoration of these rooms which is in contrast based on the purposes of these rooms. Due to the Early American room's purposes are living in cold climate and protecting the family from negative events animals or Indians this room has very simple decoration. Everything is made from wood and handmade bricks. There is no fancy decoration in this room. In contrast the Syria Lebanon room has rich painted decoration. Walls and ceiling were painted with a special technique which made the room looks very beautiful colorful and rich. The third aspect is furniture in these rooms that also is different. The Early American room has simple furniture such as a big wood dinner table simple design wood chairs metal dishes in the fireplace for cooking and a bed with night table in the bedroom. In contrast to the Early American room the Syria Lebanon room has luxurious costly furniture. There is some furniture in that room such as a silk carpet on the floor sofas and small coffee table with coffee china set on it. The Cathedral of Learning has many nation rooms but these two rooms are very different from each other. There are differences in the purposes of these rooms decoration and furniture. Nevertheless these two rooms become interesting illustrations of living habits of the people who had been living in the 16th 17th centuries. Also they represent two different cultures and when we are looking at them we can imagine life in the past. Nowadays these different rooms have one bid similarity
