In the University of Pittsburgh one of the most special features is that there are many different nationality rooms in the Cathedral of Learning. Each of them represents their cultures. Last week we visited two of them the Syria Lebanon Room and the Early American Room. Their architectural styles are completely different especially in functions art style and decorations. First of all they have absolutely different functions. At the era which the Early American Room belongs to Americans were still pioneers discovering the western. While Indians was thought American's enemy and they fought with each other very often Americans needed a place to protect them. Thus besides a living room and a huge stove the most interesting feature is a secret door. When the door is opened a bedroom is right upstairs. On the other hand the Syria Lebanon Room is more like only a living room. Since Moslem need to pray everyday the room has a prayer niche called Mihrab which was also built to face to Mecca. The second difference is their art style. There are almost no artworks inside the Early American Room except a coin collection. As what is mentioned in the previous paragraph for pioneers the artworks seemed not necessary in their ordinary life. Instead the house should be built more practical. In contrast originally Middle Eastern is a cultural region. The whole Syria Lebanon Room is like a huge artwork. The wall painting is not only Arabic style but also influenced by many other kinds of art. Also religion plays an important role in Arabic life. Thus we can also find some religion words and sentences on the wall. Furthermore their decorations are also quite different. In the Early American Room the furniture is plain. Things on the wall are only implements such as hunting guns and iron cranes. Almost everything in the room has its purpose of usage. On the contrary everything in the Syria Lebanon Room seems well designed. The room has a green glass soft light book cabinets Middle Eastern sofa and carpet. All of them make the room luxury. To conclude each nationality room is unique. After comparing the functions art style and decorations of the Syria Lebanon Room with the Early American Room we can realize more about how different these two cultures are. If we have chance to visit other nationality rooms we may enlarge our view of several cultures in the world.
