THE POVERTY IS ONE OF THE MOST ENORMOUS PROBLEMS IN THE WORLD Historically the poverty has generated many problems to all the countries in the world. Always it has been a political issue very difficult to resolve since all the economic systems have had capitalist framework producing that our society have more affluent people but also more poor people. All the socialist system tries to give more opportunity to the poor people however the interest of these governments to invest much of their resources in the military infrastructures have produced that the economy of theses countries do not grow. Therefore the poverty is the main factor of many conflicts in the world such as the violence illiteracy and starvation. First one of the underlying reasons of the poverty is the violence that has caused murders and insecurity in the countries. A country cannot progress due to the high rate of mortality caused because of the crimes. Thereby it produces that the economy stop and cannot keep on growing more. For instance if a country has many crimes no company would think in investing its money in an insecure place since the company can be victim of that crude violence. Then it generates unemployment in the population. Finally the violence is generated because of the poverty that affects the stability of the economies of the countries. Second if people do not have money to pay the elementary school the high school or the college it would produce a surge in the illiteracy of the population of the countries. For example many parts of the world the elementary school and the high school have high costs for the families with low economic resources. Therefore it is very difficult to pay the education since they prefer to invest their few money in food and housing than education. They struggle everyday to earn money with the goal of covering all their needs. Third the starvation is a catastrophic factor of the poverty due to the huge amount of people that die because of scarcity of food. For example there are many places in where people live with malnutrition. That's why there are many illness or epidemics in the inhabitants and many people die. Some areas such as Africa or South America have this problem constantly and it is increasing every day. Many famous have done campaign to eliminate the starvation. In conclusion there are three principal effects of the poverty that have affected worldwide society such as violence illiteracy and starvation. The social conflicts involve the poverty that is the most enormous problem in the world. There are no forceful proposals to resolve this situation. Therefore if the governments do not help to figure out a soon answer the world will become more chaotic and will have more inhospitable places to live.
