Getting good grades It goes without saying that getting good grades has had three important effects on my life such as apply to the good school let parents be proud of me and get the good job. First of all if you can get good grades you have a lot of opportunities to apply to good schools such as Harvard and Yale. When you attend those schools you can compete with many excellent students which come from all places. I think that it will help you improve very quickly in this situation. Furthermore competing with many outstanding students will help you find your weak areas and compensate for them. By the way you can also apply for scholarships if you have good grades. In my opinion if you can get a scholarship it will help your parents save much money in recent economic recession years. In addition when you get good grades I think that your parents must be very proud of you. Because they work hard every day they give you all of resources such as money and time they can and do their best to cultivate you. They don't complain about anything they just hope you can attend the best school. Therefore if you can get good grades they must be proud of you and this well cheer them up. Finally I think that the most important reason is the final one you have to do your best to get good grades is . Because when you graduate from college you don't have any work experiences. You want to apply for the job the only thing your boss can use to judge whether you have ability to do this job is your grades. Moreover every year there are thousands of graduate students who compete for a few good jobs. The only thing you can do to leave the impression on your boss is your outstanding grades and convince your to boss give you high pay to prove your ability. When you get high pay your life will become much better and you will have comfortable living. You don't have to worry about your life and when you work a couple of years you can start to plan your retired life . When you retire you can travel everywhere you like. Consequently there are three reasons you have to get good grades. I think that they are very easy to get. Because being a student you don't worry about many things. The only thing you have to worry about is your test. But when you graduate from university you have to worry about many things such as salary your work and in the economy recession whether you will be laid off therefore you have to cherish your student life and get good grades.
