I think there are several steps to get over your parents disagreement. All you have to do right now is making your parents relief. These are three things to think very well to get your parents to be relief. These steps are thinking of your life in detail with your fianc l a am afraid whether you have already thought of those things or not because your letter does not include those information. Have you ever thought of them before If not you have to think of that with your future husband. It can make you more happily because talking about future is a great fun! I recommend you have discussions and solve the problems together and you may find the most comfortable way for both of you. I think those are one of the significant processes to get married. In addition to this you should think with your husband how to introduce him to your parents. It is reasonable that your parents don't agree with your marriage with whom they don't know very much. You have to prepare for your meeting with your parents. How can you explain that you think he is the best man for you Prepare for having a perfect lecture about your future husband. You can take his pictures with you and you give explanations how much you need him and he makes you happy. You can make a chance that your parents and your husband meet face to face. Thirdly you should think how to communicate with your parents in Japan after marriage. You can give explanations to your future husband about expected anxieties of your parents that are caused by culture difference. Generally speaking there is an enormous difference the things between Japanese parents expect their children to do and American parents do. For Americans it is reasonable for them that children go far away from them and they will see only once or twice in a year. However it is unreasonable for Japanese parents that their children goes far and they don't take care of their parents in the future because most of Japanese parents dream that their children will do that as a part of their culture it is a reasonable demand for them. Try to accept the parents' explanations as Japanese. Of course you will not able to live up to your parents' expectations perfectly however there are many things that you can do for your parents instead of living near them and taking care of them. In conclusion you can get married with him in your parents' blessing if you consider three things very well these things are regarding your life in detail with your fianc
