Know how well his wife gets paid or how much she saves. On the other hand neither does the wife. According to the perspective of the old generation in some ways these couples are already separated mentally. Although they still live in the same home they don't trust each other. I don't completely agree but instead this is a stimulator for the divorcing. For example once a couple has a gap they don't need to think over properties to worry about how to survive or to consider their kids' education after divorce. In addition their concept and life style changed. They don't like to repeat their parents' life that couples are always linked. The younger couples have their own friends and prefer to have personal secret. They sometimes separately hang out. Unfortunately day after day they got used to having their entertainment without their mates. Consequently there are more chances to meet someone who is more compatible as a soul mate. And they just go ahead don't deeply think about real family life and duty which is not only about the same interest but also about the responsibility. This is especially true with people younger than 40 years old as most of them are the only children of a family. They were raised with spoiling. They are selfish and arrogant. So first of all when something bad is happening in the family such as an argument they hardly understand and bear. Second cooking housekeeping laundry and childcare are routine things for the older generation. They realized a couple doing them together or sharing them could make people enjoy peace and family fun. But for most young couples they have parents who take care of these things or they hire a nanny to do them. Even if a few don't have these advantages they do them by themselves. But meanwhile they argue even fight because the environment surrounding them isn't the same. They may be contaminated or they are jealous of the others. When the problem exists it isn't only related to this couple. Some parents protect their own child and blame the other which worsens the conflict. And some cases are strange but they are true. After the son got married his mother felt she was loosing her son so the mother in law is strict to the daughter in law. Potential problem is there and piles up over time. Therefore sometimes a tiny thing can make big trouble. And the son often stands by his mother even finally chooses divorce to keep peace with his mother. Somewhat these unusual behaviors may come from Chinese specific society where a couple may have only one child. The special way of raising this one child may have produced some abnormal thoughts. Nothing is simple. Divorce is complicated too. Divorce is a result of a complex society. Overall the economy getting much better is a basic reason why a lot of people divorced and the couples do their duty poorly and add to that their parents' interference to facilitate it. Add Feedback disable this menu
