I came back to Japan temporally last April and May. I was supposed to leave Japan for the United States on United flight No. 886 At 5 p. M. On May 5th. However my flight was significantly delayed and finally cancelled and I had to stay in Japan for one more night. There were three main causes why that happened because they needed much longer time to finish the quarantine because Japanese government did not allow us to fly when we were ready to fly and because we could not fly after 11 00 p. M. In Japan. First my flight was delayed because there was a girl who could be infected with the swine influenza virus in the airplane that was from Las Vegas and was supposed to be switched into my flight in Tokyo. Therefore the doctors needed much longer time to finish the quarantine it took three hours because the doctors checked every passenger very carefully to prevent the outbreak. Secondly Japanese government did not allow us to leave Japan. For this reason my flight was delayed again. Actually United tried to fly. They finished the cleaning an hour and a half after the quarantine and the flight was supposed to leave Japan at 7 30 p. M. My plane left the gate at that time and we were waiting for the takeoff clearance from the airport control tower at the landing field. However finally we found that we could not leave Japan on that day and we had to go back to the gate again after we were waiting for three hours! According to the captain's announce we could not fly because the Japanese government did not allow us to leave Japan. The captain explained the reason in detail in English though I could not understand in details. Anyway we arrived at the gate at the airport again it was 11 00 p. M. Finally my flight was cancelled because we can't fly after 11 00 p. M. In Japan. As Japan is a very small country the airport is located near the town therefore we can't fly after 11 00 p. M because it is too noisy. For these reasons finally I could not come back to the United States on that day. As a result I had to stay at the hotel near the airport. I was very tired and disappointed when I got to the hotel because I could not fly though I was waiting for six hours to fly! In conclusion my flight was significantly delayed and then cancelled because there was a passenger who could be infected with swine influenza virus because Japanese government did not gave us an allowance to leave Japan and because it was after 11 00 p. M. So that we could not leave Japan on that day. Fortunately I came back the next day I was glad to come back to the United States safely.
