I think every country has several social problem such as population welfare annuities and secure systems. Especially in my country Korea there is a complex social problem about old maids. I mean working women without marriage. There are several effects of spinsters who have never been married they cause low birth numbers immigrant's women problems and prostitution at entertainment spots. The first effect is low birth problem. It means birthrates decline every year. According to research Korea's birthrate fell in 2004 to the lowest level on record all over the world. One of my friends also does not want to get married because she really enjoys her life without marriage. Not only she goes out with her friends anytime but also she does not have to care of her family. She has already earned enough money so she can travel anywhere go shopping for herself a lot. She does not need to get married or have children so in this case contributes to birthrates going down. The next effect is immigrant women problems. In the 1990s there are a few men to do farming in rural areas in Korea. They would like to get married but Korean women do not prefer to get married to farmers. Because they still live in country sides they should cultivate their land and do farm works forever. At length farmers have to get married with immigrant women such as Vietnamese Filipino Myanmar's and Chinese. Immigrant women reluctantly have to live in rural areas. They have a language problem and culture shock. If they have a baby the baby also endures teasing from other Korean kids because Korean people tend to exclude people of mixed blood. It also makes immigrant women suffer. The last effect is overrun prostitution of entertainment spots at night in the downtown area. It makes our society confusion. Actually In Korea we have followed Confucian ideas for a while In the past a woman must not sex another man but nowadays it has totally changed. For example a woman who has a lot of money she would like to buy male prostitute for fun. There are many host bars in the busiest quarters. I have heard a surprising news. If a handsome male model would be a host a rich spinster gives him a fancy car or luxury goods even an apartment. It causes moral decline in our society. Some women just enjoy being with guys they are not concerned about any morality or responsibility. In conclusion there are several negative effects of spinsters in Korean society including low birthrates immigrant womens' problems and prostitution. Hopefully many Korean women would get married with their partners as soon as possible. It makes our society be wholesome.
