Divorce was an unusual thing 20 years ago in my country. However it is quite common in many counties now. Nowadays people can choose many lifestyles so divorce is an option to get a better quality of life. Several decades ago people generally indicated divorce brought just negative effects for divorced couple's life. However people think that divorce has not always bad results for the life. They might have had several effects after divorce such as emotional changes impact on children and financial concerns. First of all people have dramatically emotional changes after the separation from their partner. It depends on people what emotional changes they have it might be a positive change for some people but it might be a very negative change for others. Many people think that people have more negative feelings than positive ones because of the divorce. However I think that divorce also gives people positive emotional changes because people feel released from unhappy married life people do not need to argue with their partner anymore. They regain a free life without suffering from stressful marriage. People can think their life will be more positive by being away from their partner. Divorce could be considered as the starting line for the new life. If the couple does not have children they can get a free life by divorce more easily. However if they have children the divorce will be more complex and difficult because the children have a lot of impacts of the divorce. Generally the influence on the children makes people hesitate to divorce. The couple has concerns that the children feel sad not to live with the other parent or children have to change the situation such as school and a house. However the children also might have positive effects. They might be more independent because children can think that they should help their mother or father they understand that their single parents have the difficulty to raise them. In addition if children feel awkward in the home because of parents' fight or argument before the divorce it will be very stressful and sad for them to see these situations. Children also might get more stable lives by parents' divorce. The last effect is the financial problem. Especially if they have children almost all people have a large concern to feed their children well they also consider about money for children's education. Single parents have to feed the children by themselves. It is not only their responsibility to earn money for the family when you have a partner. But they will have more pressures to make money for their family members if they lose the job or cannot earn enough money the family members lose their normal lives. In some cases you might need to work more than you did before divorce because the income will be almost half. They cannot get the income from your partner anymore. In addition single parents worry about educational fee for children it occupies the large part of house hold expenses. Even though both of parents are working they might feel hard to pay children's tuition. Therefore it is more serious for the single parents. From these reasons financial effect is definitely the negative aspect of the breaking up with the partner. In conclusion people's thoughts of the divorce have been changing a lot in Japan. Now it is not an unusual thing that children have just one parent. In general people think divorce will influence your life pessimistically but they can also take it optimistically. Consequences of divorce have lots of aspects. When people divorce consequently they have three special effects such as the change of feeling influences on the children and monetary concerns.
