Thailand had changed its political system from monarchy to democracy in 1932. However we still have political problems relevant to representation balance of power and the constitution that have negative influences on Thailand's social and economic health. The problem with representation is that sometimes people's voting is not reflected in government election and change in policy. According to the Thai constitution people can vote to change the prime minister and laws. Ours is not perfect democracy so it doesn't always work. The effect of insufficient representation is that people often protest against the government and demand a new election. However the government didn't do it so recently protesters turned violent and took control of the parliament and the airports. Another result of that is Thai people didn't want to go out and spend money because they feel unsafe to be in the public places. Also foreigners didn't want to visit Thailand so tourism suffers. Since then the government has spent a lot of money to advertise and improve Thailand's image. Another problem is the government has become more dictatorial. Thailand always has had a coalition government. However in the last eight years Taksin's party won the elections and got absolute majority so they passed Laws or Acts that gave benefits to them. As a consequence of unbalance of power the government always corrupt and the opposition parties can debate but don't have power to stop unfair laws and special privilege because their vote is not enough to do it. There is also a problem with an unstable constitution. Since 1932 Thailand has had 18 constitutions averaging a change every 4. 5 Years. The changes usually benefits the current government so modifying the constitution is always the topic of party policy when they have a new campaign. Recently there was a revolution by the military and then constitutional change to remove everything Taksinomic the name of the policies after the dictator Taksin . Another effect of the constitution frequently changing is it slows investment in the economy because people don't know if their investment will have a negative result in the future because of another constitutional change or not. In conclusion there are several political issues in Thailand that yet resolved such as insufficient representation of people unbalance of power and unstable constitution. Political issues such as these have direct influence on many aspect of Thai social life and economic health including peace and security and economic growth.
