There was the demise of the previous president of the Republic of Korea whose name is Moohyun No on May 23. He committed suicide all of a sudden. The nation has been in a shock and cherishing the memory of him. There are three main reasons that made him commit suicide they are irregularities and corruption of his family an attack of the media and an attack of the government. First of all his family had irregularities and corruption. He had been engaging in politics with the integrity and morality as his strong points but he learned from the media that his wife children and brother got much money inappropriately from some companies. By the abuse of power and graft people closest to him he could not endure so it might have been related to his demise. Furthermore the media attacked him. It said that the person who insists that he is honest cannot control his own family and the money the people took is in his responsibility. Of course there is no money he got directly. Because of it I am sure he felt a sense of shame and a guilty conscience. And the attack was becoming more insulting so his credit and fame from the citizen had the bottom dropped out. As the one of the presidents in Korea the media didn't deal with him respectfully so this may have been a reason for him to take his own life. The final reason is an attack of the government. After the new president took office Moohyun went to his hometown with official information about the list of what he did while he was the president. Taking formal information extended to the self respecting fight between him and the new president. Both of them did not want to lose against each other. Mohyun maintained that he has a right to see the information. The government claimed that he has the right to see it but does not have a right to take the copied information to his home. Additionally the government persisted that he is a suspect in the money. It said there is no reason he did not know about the money his family got from a commonsense standpoint. Of course there is no evidence that shows he knew. In the inauguration of the president the president said I will take care of him graciously. Consequently however he did not. He had two choices. The fact he was moral is the truth even though his family will be in jail. Or he accepts his guilt and gives up his fame and protects his family. I might be able to understand why he decided tragically. As he died the truth was revealed and he pitiable previous president got his honor and fame back after his death. His death and the reason of his death are going to be one of the historically significant events in Korea.
