Illiteracy Can you imagine you can not read and read Unfortunately many people have the disadvantage all over the world. This people are called illiterate people who are hard to live this society. For example they can not understand important documents make contracts in addition they can not find jobs. Why do many people have this problem There are several aspects that poverty old education system and war. However recently educated people focus on this issue. From my perspective popular solutions for this problem are using television internship program and acquiring volunteering. The first solution using television is broadcasting a TV program for illiterate people. In my country government has a TV channel and it broadcast many types of education programs. For example English French and Spanish even finger language. People buy text books at many book stores and online. I think it is easy to take this program in my country but I don't know the US situation because most of people have different types of cable TV and no government channel. If the US takes this method it would spend lots of money. Another solution is an internship program which is training of working at company. Their final achievement is a normal function in society. Working company is relevant to it because some illiterate people would need a job besides this is good opportunity to demonstrate their level of reading and writing. There are not school they are not student people have a responsibility. If they go to company as internship they might improve a lot. This way of solution has to involved many companies and government because it is big project. The best solution acquiring volunteering is most useful method to solve the problem. Because illiterate people don't need to spend money and can take free classes by educated people. For instance teachers or students teach them as a volunteer staff at churches or schools. My friend who teaches English at church for immigrant people enjoys teach them Illiterate people want to achieve their disability my friend want to be teacher. Both of them have a benefit. Establishing this program is not difficult because it works small community. This complex issue must solve immediately such as to use TV program internship and volunteer school. In this society everybody has a potential to live equality. People should encourage them to achieve their target. Those processes might involve many people. Let's think about if your relative has a disadvantage functioning. You can not ignore this problem.
