Have you ever thought about how people live without any food and water The population of the world keeps growing there are approximately 100 babies are born in every fifteen seconds. Experts predict that in the 2015 the population will become seven billion people in the world and in the end of the century there will be 10 billion people in the world. If the population keeps growing it will push people into a bad situation which is people don't have enough food and water to feed everyone. How can we solve this problem The three most commonly proposed solutions are education people growing more food and control the number of the baby be born. The first solution is to educate people about overpopulation. In many countries the education about overpopulation for people is not enough. There is three different things that people need to learn. Firstly people should change their perspective which is girls and boys are equal. Many people want to have a boy. If their first baby is a girl they will try to have another baby until they have a boy. Secondly people must to know that children can not be free labors. In many poor family they don't have enough money to hire labors to help them to do the farm work so they try to have more children to work in their farm for free. Thirdly people need to learn that money can not buy everything. For many rich people they think that they have enough money to pay for their children so they try to have more babies. They do not think that if the world do not have food their money will become meaningless. Another solution to the overpopulation is growing more food. The problem of overpopulation is do not have enough food so growing more food is very important for the people. There are two methods to solve this problem. The first method is people have their own garden so they can grow some food by themselves. The second method is government helps farmer to hire more labors. It can solve the problem which is farmers need more labors and it also can solve the problem which is people do not have enough food. The best solution then is control the number of the baby be born. The government has to be very serious about this problem. They need to establish the law such as each family can only has two children. If people have more children they will get some punishments such as pay many tax. In conclusion overpopulation is very serious problem in the world and people have to pay attention on it. If the overpopulation continue keeps growing people will go into the dangerous. Firstly they have to learn more about overpopulation. Secondly people need to grow more food. Thirdly government establishes some law for control the number of the baby be born. If people use these solutions the overpopulation problem will be better. Now Are you ready to help the world solve the overpopulation problem
