Most of the biggest cities over the world are facing the crime problems. This problem is increasing day by another day. Can we reduce this growing problem by building bigger prisons How can we as society coop with this phenomenon Can we find the gold key of success to solve these issues There most commonly proposed solutions free and convenient education cooperate as government and institutions of civil society and media. The first solution is free and convenient education. By this point we can reduce the range of crime. For example if we appropriate good matter in the subjects of study we can have good people. The next step offering free education may be help the students to stay in the school because if the student could not pay for studying may be he she will drop the school and stay in the street hopefully he she will start using drugs. That will push the student to steal thing or money to buy drugs. If we offer good education we maintain most of the young men and reduce the crime. Anther solution to reduce the crime is cooperation between governments and institutions of civil society. First key of success is offering enough jobs with good salary will help the people to have good life and they do not need to steal to live. Second the people should cooperate with the police to inform about the criminals. Although increasing the number of police force with high potential could help to reduce the crimes. In addition must contribute the association clubs mosques temples churches to help to reduce the crime. If the governments and institutions of civil society work together we will have a good consequence. The lest solution is the media. The media is one of the most important solutions to reduce the crime. However some time we found some movies encouraging the criminals by making them as heroes and some stories did badly affects that some of them made the crime as normal behavior. The media should focus on the way that help the people know how to coop with crime and let them know how they make their life more safety. Next the media especially TVs could show especial programs to help the criminals to be etiquette and get normal life. Last of all in this situation the media like sword could cut from two sides. In conclusion the crime is world issues. In fact it is impossible to stop the crime but we can cooperate as human to reduce or at least stop the increasing of crime. By reduce the causes of crime we can achieve our target that we can life with out crimes with out police with out weapons.
