There has been an argumentative issue between PCs and Macs both have lots of similarities. Basically the main structure in them is the same. Also both use a screen a keyboard and a mouse as their output devices. However some differences between PCs and Macs separate users to two sides such as software interface design and purpose. But it is though that PCs are much better than Macs in terms of changeable hardware cost and software especially gaming. When you want to buy a Mac you can barely select other hardware in a Mac which means there are not varieties of choices. It is a complete computer. All hardware in Mac is chosen by Apple which is Mac's manufacturer and each part of hardware is perfectly optimized for the Mac so that Mac's performance cannot be enhanced even if the users want. However when you want to have a PC you can build it. You can choose every part of hardware in the PC from CPU to case. Therefore you can build the PC that is faster than Mac and more tuned up for specific purpose. It is said that PC can also be cheaper than Mac. As it is mentioned above Macs are complete computers and it means Apple uses specific manufacturers' hardware so you need to pay a set price for the Mac. However you can adjust the amount of money that you are supposed to pay by choosing hardware for a PC. The fact that you can buy each part of hardware means that there are countless manufacturers for the PC market. They have been competing since the PC market opened so hardware prices are slightly cheaper than the hardware for the Mac. According to Tom Samiljan 2008 PC's performance and quality depend on what manufacturer you choose whereas Apple uses their own hardware for Macs Tom Samiljan 2000 para 14 . You can definitely reduce expenses by choosing the hardware. Most of all much software for Macs has recently been developed and released but software for PCs is still more diverse than for Macs. Game software which is especially related to a huge part of the PC market tends to be developed much more for PCs. Statistically PC users in the world are approximately 90 whereas Mac users are roughly lower than 10 . In addition games need to be converted into the Mac environment because the PC and the Mac has completely different software system which means that they are not compatible each other. Therefore it is not advantageous to convert games from the PC to the Mac in terms of the population for the Mac. According to Tom Samiljan 2008 Every major hit from the Unreal Tournament' and 'Quake' series to the 'Age of Empires' and 'Command and conquer' comes out to the PC first and most PC games never comes out for the Mac at all. Tom Samiljan 2008 para 22 . Finally it is certain that there is no choice except the PC for games. Although there are several different categories in comparison with the PC and the Mac possibility to change hardware cost and diversity in software can be main focus for people who want to buy a computer. Moreover many people tend to buy a Mac because its design is conspicuous and unique and it makes people pay attention to Mac users as luxury brand. If you are a person who is looking for extreme performance or inexpensive computer and also wants to experience diverse software PC will be the best choice. Samiljan T. 2008 . Mac vs PC Which is for you Retrieved Jun. 30 2009 From ANON URLPAGE
