A House or an Apartment Which Would You Prefer to Live into The article Easy Living Sherpa wrote Owning a home has been romanticized and called the dream of every American. Easy Living Sherpa Wednesday June 17 2009 . It's evident that everyone yearns to possess a house or an apartment. In people's whole life most people will spend half their time staying at home where we enjoy our families and we feel delightful in our private space. We feel free to do our favorite things. A satisfactory house or an apartment can cheer you up. However a house or an apartment where you prefer to live will depend on your economy your lifestyle and the housework you have. These three aspects will be the most important cause to affect your decision. One of reasons that people give for not owning a home is they feel that they don't have enough money for a down payment. Houses are too expensive or they don't feel they have good enough credit. Buying and owning a home takes more work than renting. Easy Living Sherpa Wednesday June 17 2009 . Usually buying a house will cost huge money. Even if you have bought a new house you have to think about yard decoration and new furniture. These also will cost a considerable amount of money. Compare to a house an apartment will be cheaper to buy. Because the area of an apartment is smaller than that of a house the spending on decoration and new furniture will be paid less as well as you do not have a yard you will pay nothing for it. If people pay great attention to the money problem they will prefer an apartment. So personal economic condition is one aspect that affects people's preference. Another aspect is personal lifestyle. People have varied personal lifestyles. Some like to be quiet some like to live with others. If you live in a house you will have a wide private living space a yard and a parking space. You will be free to do anything that you like. You don't need to worry about disturbing your neighbors when you sing or vacuum or have a party in your home. You also don't fear to be disturbed by your neighbor. On the contrary if living in an apartment you always worry about whether your action will annoy you neighbors. You also mind that you are annoyed. For example I am living in an apartment and my neighbor is a young lady. Sometimes she comes back home very late at night when I was falling asleep meanwhile I awaked to the sound of toilet flushing walking and washing. If you live in a house you certainly do not suffer this. If you like to be in quiet private living environment buying a house is a good choice. Final aspect is housework. It is obvious to live in a house will involve an amount of housework. You need to mow and water your grass to root out the weeds to trim trees to plant flower to paint the wall of house and so on. All these housework are hard and boring but you have to do. Otherwise If you live in an apartment you will be free from these chores. You will have a lot of personal leisure time entertain. If you are weary of that housework you would prefer an apartment. Anything has two side living in a house and living in an apartment both have advantages and disadvantages as well. Nevertheless when people consider buying a house or an apartment the economy the lifestyle and the housework will be the main aspects that determine their decision. Bibliography Easy Living Sherpa Wednesday June 17 2009.
