Illiteracy is a tremendous issue. Many people think it diminished after the massive technical development. While many people are suffering from this issue others not aware of it . The causes of illiteracy are different but the consequences are similar poverty unemployment crime and etc. The question now is how to solve this problem. The three most commonly proposed solutions are government support people volunteering and make people aware of this problem. First the big task of solving this problem is assigned to the government. Since illiteracy is a problem that affect society and not just individuals government should take a tough stand and come up with plans and spend a lot of money to combat illiteracy. It should establish litracy centers and organize several programs to educate illiterates. It also can provide the material such as books and learning programs free to those people. Furthermore government may broadcast TV learning programs to those litracy who live in urban areas and can't join literacy centers. Third volunteering people are required. In addition to the government support it is important for everybody in a society to help illiterates. No matter how someone educated he can still help workers students even children can contribute to solve this problem. All of those can save money for their society by donating some of time for others to learn. Starting from family volunteering person may teach his parents or neighbors or he might meet with other illiterate people on other places in his neighborhood such as churches and clubs. Finally awareness is an effective cure for illiteracy. Illiteracy is un seen disease in most societies and it doesn't only affect adults but also new generations. In order to avoid the increase of literates number in a society people should be educated and aware of the consequences of this problem. For example ware parents realize the importance of education and they encourage their children to read and write to secure their children future. On the other hand un ware parents thinks that going to school is not necessarily. This idea may pass to the children and they start thinking of quitting school early in order to work to asses their families. Such act will defiantly affect the rest of their lives. In conclusion Illiteracy as a considerable problem should be solve by making a lot of efficient effort for that goal. It threatens human future and comes with many consequences. Government and people play a substantial role to solve this problem
