Education in Saudi Arabia and the United States Education is considered to be one of the most important aspects in all countries civilizations. I am going to highlight some similarities and differences in the educational system between my country Saudi Arabia and the United States. According to Judah Stevenson 2008 The education in Saudi Arabia and the United States are similar in terms of government spending on education freedom to choose the school where they will attend to and education for people with special needs while diverse in terms of attitude towards education literacy rate religion in school gender roles grading scales and stages of education. Nowadays the Saudi students who came to the United States in order to complete their education can find some similarities in the educational attitudes between these two countries. For example both governments spend an enormous part of their economies in order to improve education. In addition there is an authority to select the school they will attend even in the United States or in Saudi Arabia. Moreover both of these countries are heedful in providing suitable tools for the education of people with special needs. According to Judah Stevenson 2008 both governments provide special schools for disabled people in order to stimulate them to participate in social activities and share the experience with their friends. However there are some differences in education between the United States and Saudi Arabia. For example in my country the percentage of literates is less than in the United States. In addition the curriculums in Saudi Arabia are related to religious concepts while they are not in the United States. Furthermore there are laws which are related to gender. For instance in my country there are schools for women and schools for men. In contrast the educational system in the United States is completely different because there is no differentiation between males and females in the schools. Moreover the education stage system in Saudi Arabia is different from the system in the United States. In conclusion there are many differences and similarities in the education system between the United States and Saudi Arabia. For example both governments seek to develop and enhance the cultural sectors by spending a lot of money to provide new technologies and new educational tools which can meet different types of students. However there are some aspects which make the education in Saudi Arabia differ from the education in the United States. For instance the educational systems related to religious issues genders differentiation roles and the education stages are different in both countries. In my opinion the education in Saudi Arabia can reach the same level in the United States in the next decade. Bibliography list Stevenson J Educational Differences Between Saudi Arabia and the United States of America. '' ANON_URLSPAGE_October 08 2008.
