Life with or without Children There are different opinions about having children. Some people choose a life with children and they can't imagine their life without a child while some people decide to live without children. Both have reasons for their decisions. Many people believe that life without children is happier than with. However the experience of having children many aspects revealed the opposite. Although many couples know that they came to life from their parents for making life continue they simply decide to live without children. In fact they always have different reasons. For instance the most important reason for their decision is saving money. They believe that having children requires spending a lot of money to meet their children's needs. Another reason is they will be less freedom after they had children. To illustrate they can't spend a lot of time outside. They also can't travel from place to place easily since they have to worry about the weather in any place they travel to whether it is appropriate for their children or not. They actually don't want to be worried about anything. They need their life to continue as same as the beginning of their marriage. Therefore people with these opinions have difficulty deciding having a child. Children free living life without children On the other hand some people think differently. They consider having a child will be the most exciting event in their life since having a baby will change their life from a cold life to an exciting life. Seeing their baby growing up everyday gives them a great feeling about their decision. They gave life to new person. Therefore their interests are about meeting their child's needs and they also don't consider the money that they spend on their child is wasted money. In addition they try to catch any chance to spend time with their child. They believe that they can make a balance between their special interests and time and the time which they spend with their child. Moreover they think that traveling is more enjoyable with their children. In contrast the life without child is more flexible but less exciting. People who have an ability to have a baby are not aware of the feeling that people who have disability to have a baby feel so they sometimes simply decide to live without children. However those people who are not able to have a baby for different reasons looking forward to have a baby after trying a lot of medicines and surgeries. Recently there has been a lot of research to help couples have a baby When Pamela Mahoney and Alex Tsigdinos were married they never thought they would have trouble having a baby. But after 11 years and many fertility treatments they are still only a family of two Barrow 2008 . According to Barrow it is not easy to have a baby even after a period of time of treatments. That should be obvious for those who prefer life without a child. They also should be aware that life with a child is stable and has plenty of happiness. In conclusion looking for an appropriate style of life depends on people's opinions. People are usually different in their frameworks about their style of life and about the future. Having a baby is one of them. Some have desire to have a baby and some not. In fact having a baby has many advantages on our life at present and in the future. Bibliography Barrow B. Tuesday June 10 2008. Facing life without children when it is not by choice from http ANON_URLSITE_2008 10 health 10iht 10 pati. 13598254. Html Child free living Life without children from ANON_URLSITE_fertility 31 child free Living life without children. Html
