The Difference between Macintosh and Windows Which operating system O S do you use now Why did you decide to use it Currently there are two kinds of O S for our personal computers. One is Macintosh O S and the other is Windows O S. When I bought my current computer which is the Macintosh O S I seriously worried about which O S was easily accessible for me. UltimatelyI chose Macintosh over Windows. Because of the penetration rate vulnerability to computer viruses designs and price. First according to Market Share 2009 May the market share of Windows was 87. 75 In May 2009 while that of Macintosh was only 9. 81 . Based on this data it is feasible to say that Windows has an apparently stronger share in the world. However once we focus on share trends interestingly Macintosh's share has been increasing and Windows's share has been decreasing over time. Macintosh's share was 4. 43 In 2006 6. 48 In 2007 7. 83 In 2008 and 9. 81 In this year. On the other hand Windows's share was 95. 07 In 2006 92. 90 In 2007 91. 08 In 2008 and 87. 75 This year. Second damages from computer viruses are seen as a threat to both types of computers. Once a virus attacks a computer the cost is high to retrieve the data. According to C. Andrea 2006 August 9 About one in four Internet users said a virus infected their computer in the past two years costing victims a median 109 to fix the problem with some consumers reporting losses in the thousands of dollars. About one third of those hit by viruses said the infection forced them to reformat their hard drives 16 said they lost important data and 8 had to replace hardware. Therefore vulnerability to computer viruses is one of the most important aspects for a computer. Based on this performance Macintosh has an advantage compared to Windows. Because the share of Macintosh is small viruses designed to attack Macintosh are rare. Thereby it is possible to conclude the Macintosh has less possibility to be attacked by viruses. In addition simple and sophisticated design is one of the fundamental features of the Macintosh machine. The weak point of the Macintosh machine is that only Apple Company can produce and assemble the Macintosh machine. However many companies of all over the world provide many varieties of Windows machines. Consequently we are able to choose our Windows machines from a large selection. It means that we can choose a Windows machine from a variety of them between low through high level design. Nevertheless Macintosh machine I think has more sophisticated design than Windows machine on an average. However this is purely subjective matter. Finally the consumer price of a computer is also one of the most important factors for consumers or end users. The prices of Macintosh machines are evidently higher than that of Windows machines with the same function. Though Macintosh has many advantages such as resistance to viruses and sophisticated design this higher price is an important disadvantage which cannot be passed over. We can easily find several Windows machine at a very cheap price. As a conclusion we have to put the advantage and disadvantage of both machines on a scale to decide which machine we will purchase. Windows machine has advantages in terms of a price and penetration rate. While Macintosh machine has advantages of viral resistance and sophisticated design. One has advantages which are the other's disadvantages. I eventually chosen Macintosh as my personal computer because of its viral resistance and sophisticated design.
