It is a huge issue between many people about what the best school is. However there are some similarities and differences between public and private schools. For instance the most important points that demonstrate these similarities and differences are Cost admission as well as curriculum. The first point that shows the difference between public and private school is cost. Public usually does not demand money or tuition for the students. The government is responsible for paying all of financial requirements that are relevant to the student's goals. On the other hand private schools cost money. Private schools do not receive tax revenues but instead are funded through tuition fundraising donations and private grants. According to the National Association of Independent Schools NAIS the median tuition for their member private day schools in 2005 2006 in the United States was close to 14 000 for grades 1 to 3 15 000 for grades 6 to 8 and 16 600 for grades 9 to 12. The median tuition for their member boarding schools was close to 29 000 for grades 1 to 3 32 000 for grades 6 to 12. Note that of the 28 384 private schools in the United States about 1 058 are affiliated with NAIS. The Digest of Education Statistics 2005 from the National Center for Education Statistics NCES reports that for the 1999 2000 school year the average private school tuition was about 4 700 . Great Schools Staff. Thursday 18 2009. Secondly Great Schools Staff. Thursday 18 2009 students in public school are always regular people who live in a normal community with some interests in some subjects. In contrast students in private schools are from high level community with interests in some subjects too. For example rich people prefer private school for their children rather than sending them to the public schools. They think that private schools have more facilities than the public schools that might encourage their children to accomplish their goals. Therefore the students have targets in both of these two schools but they are different in their financial level. Third curriculum in the public schools is generally similar to the curriculum in the private schools except in some situations. For instance private schools can modify their curriculum as much as they want. Moreover they can add some courses or even eliminate some classes but in the public schools the curriculum is constant from the government therefore they cannot make any changes or modifications in their curriculum due to discipline or restrictions from the government. Thus even though the curriculum is similar between all of them they still have some differences. In conclusion similarities and differences between both of them illustrate how they distinguish from each other. Great Schools Staff. Thursday 18 2009 from ANON URLPAGE
