Advantages and Disadvantages of the Single and Married Life Many young people desire to get married quickly and other married people want to return to their past life. The features between married and single life are related to the different types of responsibilities friends education children properties stability travel time space clothes freedom etc. There are many comparasions and contrasts between single people and married people. First the responsabilities of married life are very different from single life. Maried people must work to support their children to pay all the bills to buy food to pay all the needs of their children such as education health insuarance recreation clothes vaccine etc. Generally single life don't have children and it makes the possibilities to have a life easier. However according to Clyman the married life is easier than single life because they have more stability Clyman 2009 . Basically they only dedicate to study in the majority of the cases and do not need to be worried for the high expenses that are genereated in the married life. Second the friends of married people are more affected than single people because married people should share the majority of the activities since they are an unit. Generally married people are busier than single people. Therefore married people spend less time with their friends than single people. Nevetherless both married and single people can have lots friends to do some activities together. Perhaps these activities are less frecuents in the married life than single life. Third traveling is not easy for married people because of their duties. The expenses of the marriage are higher than the expenses of single people. According to Hampton For food the couple will pay 5. 6 Versus the 8. 3 Expenditure of the single person Hampton 2006 . Nonetheless there are many families that plan to travel at least once per year. On the other hand there are many single people that can travel frequently or at least they can travel close to the cities or town. In addition married people think to acquire more properties than single people because they want to find the stability for their families. In conclusion there are many differences between single people and married people. Perhaps married people have more limitations than single people because of enourmous responsabilities. However married people have more stability than single people. According to this analysis both married and single people have advantage and disadvantage. Simply married life is a stage very different from single life in some aspects of the life that include economic situation general resposanbilities travels and friends. References 1. Clyman R. D. Is married life the easy life . Retrieved July 2 2009 from ANON URLPAGE. 2. Hampton C. Marriege vs The single life. Retrieved December 21 2006 from ANON URLPAGE.
