Public Transportation in Pittsburgh and in Tokyo There are several types of public transportation that people usually use in big cities such as buses subways. However if you had an experience to live in different cities for a while you could notice the differences of public transportation in those cities. For example using the public transportation in Pittsburgh is not same as in Tokyo. First of all using public buses in Pittsburgh is the most common way for citizens. The bus system covers many areas of the city and nearby suburbs and it is especially extensive in downtown Pittsburgh. Although it is convenient for commuters to choose because there are a lot of bus routes connecting downtown to the North side the South side Oakland and other Pittsburgh neighborhoods ANON_URLSITE_ANON_URLSPAGE_the frequency of t at that taking any public transportation in Pittsburgh just for free. In Tokyo buses are also useful public transportation but usually people just using subway. Buses are often used by people who are living in local areas where the subway station is far from their houses. Because Tokyo is a very big and busy city the heavy traffic on the road delays commuters in the weekday commute time so most people use subways more often than people use buses. Next the subway system in Pittsburgh and in Tokyo are not same. As many people know Tokyo's railways and subways is very developed and it's punctual schedule is also famous. There are two subway operators in Tokyo the Tokyo Metro and the Toei Subway . At the entrance to each station you will see the subway sign and the name of the subway station. Even in the same subway system there are some reticulated and complicated lines with different colors you have to pay attention to. Therefore be sure to remember the station name and number and line color of the subway line you want to ride. It is very convenient because it's radiating in all directions around Tokyo. On the other hand during rush hours on weekdays it's extremely crowded. In Pittsburgh the 'T'25. 2 Mile subway is small but clean and safe and light rail system. It was built in 1984 and serves downtown Pittsburgh and several communities south of the city. Albrecht Powell Getting to Around Pittsburgh ANON_URLSITE_. This is the only subway in Pittsburgh and the carriage of the 'T' is not as long as the Tokyo Metro or the Toei Subway . Unlike the subway in Tokyo it has a really short simple route. In conclusion after comparing the public transportation of these two cities you may see which type of public transportation is more suitable for citizens to use should depend on the situation of that city. The composition of population the size of the city the geographical conditions and other physical reasons are important factors for the differences between Pittsburgh and Tokyo.
