Choosing between studying in universities sometimes is difficult and it is also different from person to person. There are many aspects that affect the way people choose. As we know some universities are better than others. Many people search for an important point that helps them to pick their decision. Comparison in this essay is between University of Pittsburgh and Miami University. University of Pittsburgh is better than Miami University in four factors are safety cost Course characteristics and administrative processes. First safety of living in a University City or area is important to the students. Safety always has an important effect on the studying concentration of the students. Many decisions about studying at university have been affected by the level of personal safety. For example The level of personal safety was found to contribute positively to Australia's overall attractiveness to overseas students Lawley Perry 1997 p 1188 . University of Pittsburgh's area is safer than Miami University's area. As we see many students go to study at University of Pittsburgh than students go to study at Miami University because Pittsburgh is safer than Miami. Secondly cost is always an important part of studying. What the people focusing on it now is the fact that the cost of studying in a university is important to them for choosing a university. Because the cost some people pay more attention to the cost for studying at a university. Yet some universities are a batter education than other universities that make the cost has no influence on people decisions. Therefore people try to balance between an education and the cost to get their needs. The cost in the University of Pittsburgh is less expensive than the cost at the Miami University. Thirdly good education is always followed by scientific researchers. A significant element of choosing university is the quality and sufficiency of the higher education. Clearly the market of higher education services is distinguished by quality and efficiency as same as other markets for goods and services Ridings 1998 . Therefore many students are looking for quality and efficiency in a university that has a good education in their major. Also some universities have prestige which is desired by many students to enter them. As we know the University of Pittsburgh has higher quality and efficiency in education than Miami University. Finally the administrative processes have made many students ignore some universities. However these universities are difficult to get. Also those processes make a person weary however he will stop doing the processes because the difficult and complicated in the processes. In addition the administrative processes have categorized many universities in different ranks. It can be clearly seen the administrative processes is a foundation of the university service that it shows the real favors in the university. Obviously the University of Pittsburgh has the same level of administrative processes as the Miami University. In conclusion every university has many factors and aspects that affect a person decision. Recently most people pay attention to the importance of reputation also quality in service and education at a university. These are considered by education seekers. Those people are looking for point that helping them to pick their universities. At this point The University of Pittsburgh is better than the Miami University in four factors that are used previously. Finally choosing university is erecting on peace price education quality and administrative services. Bibliography Lawley M Perry C. 1997 . Thai and Malaysian students' perceptions of overseas study destinations An exploratory study. Retrieved June 13 2009 from ANON URLPAGE. Ridings S. 1998 . Dreaming spires or dreary spivs Reputation in marketing Australian education abroad. Retrieved June 13 2009 from ANON URLPAGE
