It is difficult to choose between an urban side and a suburban side when people decide their living place because both of them have not only strong points but also weak points. The world is in many ways spiky with population opportunity innovation and money increasingly coalescing in metropolitan areas worldwide. When I was an elementary school student I lived in Ansan which is suburban side. When I entered middle school I moved to Seoul which is an urban side. As a result I know the life of both urban side and suburban side. There are some compared aspects of two cities to give a direction to people who will move to near Seoul. Even if the two cities have so many differences there are three points which is crucial for choosing a living place traffic crowdedness and housing costs. First of all traffic is important to a person who has a job in Seoul. Seoul has good public transportation such as subway buses and taxies. The subway system in Seoul has nine lines and is made very well so you can go everywhere you want by subway. In the case of buses they also have lots of lines and a road that is only for buses lets you arrive to your destination in time. A taxi is good transportation too. The cost of a taxi is very cheap compared with in the states and you can catch taxies anywhere and anytime. However if you do not use the public transportation but use your own car you will suffer from traffic jams on the road. Ansan's condition is different from Seoul. It has only one subway line and not so many bus lines but the roads are straight and wide. Consequently you don't need to be worried about traffic jams if you have a car. Second a lot of people care about crowdedness because some people don't like to go to a place where are too many people. You might know that a quarter of Korean population lives in Seoul although the size of Seoul is not so big. It is in the ranking that indicates the crowdedness of some cities in the world. You can see many people everywhere in especially at some famous places in Seoul. In the case of public transportation people describe that it's like they are in hell at the time of commuting. The reason is that people are packed in a bus or subway so it's hard to breathe as well as to move. Besides if you want to eat dinner at some popular spots you need to wait in line or reserve a seat. On the other hand Ansan is tranquil city. It has extensive land if its population is compared with Seoul's. Because of this there is lots of green space which could make you feel comfortable. Finally the most important fact of choosing a living place is housing costs because people want to find a house they can afford. As expected Seoul's housing cost is expensive because most people want to live in Seoul because Seoul has many companies good schools and cultural things to enjoy. However due to lots of people Seoul does not have enough room to live. That's why Seoul's housing cost is so high. But if you have the same amount of money you can buy much bigger house in Ansan. Like other suburban cities it has plenty lands to build houses. Moreover because it is new city most of the houses are cleaner and fancier than the houses in Seoul. I know it is still hard to choose one place. But in my case I like to live in Seoul instead of Ansan because I do not have a driver's license as well as a car. So the public transportation is the most important thing for me. In addition to this I do not need such a big house because I need room for only me. However if I get old and have a family Ansan will be better for me at that time because I will get a car and have some children. Florida R. 2008 . Who's your city New York Basic Books.
