My daughter who is three year old makes me happy everyday. One day she asked me to see her albums together. I have made one album for her every year since she was born. She has three albums up to now. We haven't seen them for almost a half year because I packed them in a cardboard box before we moved in the new our house last winter. I went down to the basement where many unpacked boxes were kept. My daughter couldn't wait for me so she also came down to help me out her helps usually make more work for me. She found all the albums we have including albums before she was born. And she asked me to bring to the upstairs all of them of course. We started to see photos from the oldest album at the living room. The first photo in the album was taken more than 10 years ago. Page by page my daughter's face was getting look sad. Finally she pointed one photo and said Mom. Where was me when you were there . It was the photo which had been taken during my travel to France with my friend who I worked in the same company. I even didn't meet my husband at that time. I said you were in my berry. She looked like very satisfied with my answer. When she found my wedding photos she said that she was there because she was in her mother's berry I was not pregnant at that time thought. We finished four to five albums like this. She was so happy when she found herself in photos. It was so funny that she made a story about how she felt when she was born. She said that it was very scary because she was out of her mother whose berry she lived peacefully for about 10 months. I don't believe she can remember the time she was a baby. I really enjoyed seeing her albums with her stories which she created the most of part. When we saw the albums together last time she didn't have any questions about where she was even she was not born nor she couldn't make any stories about photos. It was so much fun for me to see my daughter's growth. I will continue to make her albums every year and see them with her.
