Can you imagine you cannot read and write Unfortunately many people have the disadvantage all over the world. This people are called illiterate people who are hard to live this society. For example they cannot understand important documents make contracts in addition they cannot find jobs. Why do many people have this problem There are several aspects that poverty old education system and war. However recently educated people focus on this issue. From my perspective popular solutions for this problem are using television internship program and acquiring volunteering. The first solution is using television which broadcasting a TV program for illiterate people. In my country government has a TV channel and it broadcasts many types of education programs. For example English French and Spanish even sign language. People buy textbooks at many bookstores and online. I think it is easy to take this program in my country but I don't know the US situation because most of people have different types of cable TV and no government channel. If the US government takes this method it would spend lots of money. Another solution is an internship program which is training of working at companies. Their final target is to achieve normal functions in society. Working company is relevant to this purpose because some illiterate people would need a job in addition this is good opportunity to demonstrate their skills of reading and writing. Company is not school so they cannot make mistakes. This might be stressful but it helpful. If they go to company as an internship they might improve a lot. This way of solution has to involved many companies and government because it is a big project. The best solution acquiring volunteering is most useful method to solve the problem. Because illiterate people don't need to spend money and they can take free classes by educated people. For instance teachers or collage students teach them as a volunteer staff at churches or schools. My friend who teaches English at church for immigrant people enjoys teach them. Illiterate people want to improve their disability and my friend wants to be teacher. Both of them enjoy the benefits of learning and teaching. Establishing this program is not difficult because it works small community. This complex issue must be solved immediately such as to use TV program internship and volunteer school. In this society everybody has a potential to live equality. Those processes might involve many people but we should encourage them to achieve their target. Let's think about if your relative has a disadvantage functioning. You cannot ignore this problem.
