Recycling is a serious problem in this time. In fact the earth is approaching its full capacity because we are throwing non biodegradable things away and using earth's nonrenewable resources without control. That's dangerous for our children they are the ones who will live the consequences of our behavior. The three most obvious proposed solutions are People must pay more taxes if they use non recycled products government must promote recycle and develop educational programs about recycle. If people don't understand that recycling is important for humans being they will have to pay extra taxes. That means that if you want to use non recyclable products you must pay extra taxes because that product is not good for our environment. There are many ways to help such as using cloth bag for grocery store rechargeable batteries and you could have different trashcans for distinct kind of trash. The government encourage is important for recycling. Its support would help to make up new laws and to stimulate the formation of new Green Companies . Those two things can contribute to do our environment much better and they are associates both for example if the government can create green laws it could do that recycling companies doesn't pay taxes. That would help to make sense for the entrepreneur and the people who have economic power. Developing educational programs about recycling will make sense for the children. That is very important because they will be the ones who will live here and they will suffer the consequences of our present behaviors. Moreover doing T. V educational programs or making up new classes in the elementary middle and high school you can get many benefits in the future about recycling. In conclusion recycling is not a present problem but this problem will become soon to the present. That's why if you can make sense in the people government and the children. We will be able to live in a better world for everyone. Now the question is are we able to face the challenge
