Insomnia which is a sleep disorder is a common medical condition that affects many people. If you're having sleeping problems it is also possible that you might have a sleep disorder. Insomnia can take many different forms difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep waking up earlier than desired or waking up not feeling refreshed. Surveys show us many insomnia symptoms affect the daily activities at least a few days a week. Having trouble with falling or staying asleep affects human's mood concentration family relationships job performance. You might be surprised that many factors can cause insomnia and other sleep problems. Emotional stress your physical health lifestyle issues or even your sleep environment could all affect the quality of your sleep. The good news is insomnia can be overcome. Whatever the cause or causes of your insomnia there are effective solutions. Preparing for sleep and going to bed when you're sleepy following a schedule and improving your sleep environment and avoiding from some activities might help you. Preparing for sleep is one of the effective solution way . You should relax your body. To reduce muscular tension try relaxation techniques such as meditation or even taking a warm bath. You should unwind mentally. About a half hour before going to bed enjoy a low key activity such as reading or listening to soothing music. Once in bed you should try to stop worrying. Avoid solving your problems from your bed. Before going to bed make a list of problems and next steps for the following day. You can try a high carb snack. A light snack that is high in carbohydrates such as crackers pretzels or a plain bagel might help you relax. But be careful not to overeat indigestion can interrupt sleep. You can drink a glass of warm milk. Milk and other dairy foods contain tryptophan a chemical that may promote sleep in some people. You should go to bed when you're sleepy. Stay out of bed until you feel tired enough to go to sleep. If you've been lying in bed for 20 minutes and can't fall asleep go into another room and do something relaxing such as reading a book. Return to bed only when you're sleepy. Some activities can disrupt sleep especially if you engage in them too close to bedtime. So avoiding from these activities helps you to prevent insomnia. You should avoid exercising within three hours of bedtime. Exercising on a regular basis during the day ideally may help you sleep well at night. Nicotine is a stimulant that can keep you awake so avoid smoking six hours before your bedtime. Although alcohol may seem to help you fall asleep it can disrupt your normal sleep pattern during the second half of the night and leave you feeling unrest. It's best to avoid alcohol before bedtime. Caffeine can delay your sleep and cause you to wake up during the night. Avoid caffeinated drinks and foods coffee tea cola chocolate after noon. You may want to try avoiding caffeine entirely and see if your sleep improves. You should avoid drinking fluids before bedtime to decrease having the urge to go to the bathroom during the night. Avoid napping during the day as doing so may steal hours away from your regular sleep schedule. If you must nap at all try limiting it to no more than a half hour. And be aware the ingredients in some medications can also contribute to sleeplessness. Following a schedule and improving your sleep environment can be another alternative solution for insomnia. You should try to go to bed and get up at the same time every day even on weekends. Creating this routine can help condition your mind and body to expect sleep at a regular time. There are many ways you can make your bedroom more suitable to sleep including adjusting the temperature blocking out noise and light and moving or turning off distractions like clocks and TVs. Insomnia is a common medical condition that has varied symptoms. Symptoms of insomnia include difficulty falling asleep not staying asleep during the night difficulty returning to sleep waking up too early in the morning unrefreshing sleep. Consequences of insomnia include daytime sleepiness difficulty concentrating irritability feeling unrest and experiencing drowsiness during the day. The loss of sleep due to sleep disorders affects many aspects of one's life including work and social activities and can make driving dangerous. If your efforts aren't improving your sleep you might want to talk to a doctor about other ways to improve your sleep. Thus the doctor can help to realize the causes and propose solutions that can work for you.
