As the economy develops rapidly companies try to sell more products and consumers have a strong desire to buy products. At the same time the overuse of natural resources affects the environment seriously. Global warming will become more common. Hundreds of animals will disappear from Earth because of the industrial pollution all over the world. It is extremely necessary to put the option of recycling on the table. The government the society and scientists should cooperate and work on three proposed solutions which are establishing complete policies for industries providing public recycling activities for people and discovering new technologies for reuse of energy. First of all the government can play a very important role in recycling solutions. They can issue several policies to build efficient recycling systems. For example the government can set up a low tax rate for the recycling and composting companies. It can ask factories to add recycling equipments and control the emission of toxic waste. The whole society also needs to organize more practical activities to influence everybody to start recycling. Not only do the media need to provide recycling programs to teach people how to recycle but the community should also get involved in this campaign. The community can distribute free recycling bins to residents or give incentives to people who do recycle. Unfortunately it is a long term campaign to motivate everyone to reduce waste and keep recycling in mind. Scientists can put their efforts into discovering alternative ways to save natural resources. For instance using waste materials to produce power can save oil resources. Also using industrial water for cleaning purposes can preserve natural water. The way we use recycled paper can help save trees. By thinking of other ways to recycle scientists can help extend the life of Earth. We need to protect our environment not only for ourselves but also for plants and animals. If we continue modernizing society at such a rapid rate without thinking about the way we use natural resources our future generations will not have a green planet. If the government society and scientists all work together to improve our environment consider recycling seriously it will not be too difficult to maintain Earth.
