Can we find solutions for insomnia Insomnia is one of the problems that affects many people. This problem is obviously relevant to a trouble falling to sleep or in an adequate amount of time. Insomnia is a result of stress that comes from bad habits in our life. The solution is extremely crucial in the earliest stage to consider to avoid complication of the problem. Some commonly proposed solutions for insomnia are doing regular exercise seeing a doctor and choosing the exact time to sleep. The first solution doing regular exercise is the most common factor which is important typically in the beginning of the symptoms. For instance try to do regular training every week ranging from five to six times either in gym or exercising outdoors. Also try to do different kinds of exercise that keeps you enthusiastic to do a lot of activities. Exercise helps decrease insomnia for a lot of people and also helps to organize the time of a person. Thus we are able to modify our bad habits and do regular exercise such as stretching exercise or swimming which are the best for people who suffer from insomnia. Another solution to insomnia is to see a doctor and solve the problem either through treatment sessions or prescribing a medication. A doctor's decision depends on patient's case and if it is short term or long term. A specialist evaluates the patients and assess them in the first visit. Then you have to follow the instruction of the doctor gives you to get you a full recovery as a result of treatment. You have to follow the dosage if medication described and follow up your previous visit with a future appointment at the clinic. Many patients do not feel secure to go to the hospital and acquire alternative medicine. From my perspective the best solution is to choose an exact time to sleep at night that will help you to get accustomed with this habit of sleeping on time. Additionally do not try to read on the bed and use the bed in usual work. Choosing an exact time to sleep can help you to sleep normal hour of the day get eight hours a day and also is a better way to avoid waking up late at night. Also an exact time of sleeping will help you to go to the bed with a clear and relaxed mind. This solution is potentially the easiest method for a lot of people who suffer from insomnia and easy for them to apply it. In conclusion we have solutions for insomnia physically and mentally such as regular training following the instruction of the doctors after seeing them and determining the exact time of sleeping at night. If we ignore this problem what will happen to those who complain of insomnia What is the complication of insomnia for either the patient or their society in their future
