Most of the biggest cities over the world are facing crime problems. This problem is increasing day by day. Can we reduce this growing problem by building bigger prisons How can we as society coop with this phenomenon Can we find the gold key of success to solve these issues There are three solutions such as free and convenient education cooperate as government and institutions of civil society and media. The first solution is free and convenient education. By this point we can reduce crime. For example if we appropriate good matter in the subjects of study we can have good people. Next offering free education may help the students to stay in the school because if the student could not pay for studying may be he she will drop the school and stay in the street often he she will start using drugs. That will push the student to steal things or money to buy drugs. If we offer good education we save most of the young men and reduce the crime. Anther solution to reduce the crime is cooperation between governments and institutions of civil society. The first key of success is offering enough jobs with a good salary will help the people to have good life and they do not need to steal to live. Second the people should cooperate with the police to inform them about the criminals. Although increasing the number of police force with high potential could help to reduce the crimes. In addition must contribute to the association clubs mosques temples and churches to help to reduce the crime. If the governments and institutions of civil society work together we will have a good consequence. The last solution is a media. The media is one of the most important solutions to reduce the crime. However some time we find some moves encouraging the criminals by making them as heroes and some stories did badly affects that some of them made the crime as normal behavior. The media should focus on the way that help the people know how to cop with crime and let them know how they make their life more safety. Next the media especially TVs could show special programs to help the criminals to be etiquette and get an normal life. Last of all in this situation the media is like sword that could cut from two sides. In conclusion the crime is a world issue. In fact it is impossible to stop the crime but we can cooperate as human to reduce the crime. By reducing the causes of crime we can achieve our target that we can life with out crimes
