Recycling reducing and reusing are ways through which people can produce less waste and can also be economically profitable. Many people say that these ways are not a waste of time money and energy. Personally I have never recycled and to me the Earth's resources seem endless. Goofy thinking isn't it Of course we will run out of natural resources eventually which is scary. So the question is how do we get used to recycling to make our valuable resources last longer The three most commonly proposed solutions are to educate people for recycling make it easier to recycle and create more reasonable compensation system or rules to encourage people to recycle. As I said I never recycle. I had almost no acquisition about recycling until I came to the States. Truthfully in Mongolia nobody talks and cares about recycling. Most of us never even heard about this issue. Therefore it is obvious that people definitely need to learn the benefits of recycling and why we need to do it. People need to be aware of why it is crucial. Local governments should make it a community ordeal unify and indicate residents' perspectives through this issue. Also they should evaluate and encourage the public to recycle through television radio and newspapers. Good demonstration could modify the community's initial perspectives and could give people a chance to evaluate the crucial factors of limited natural resources or recycling. Recycling waste does not need to be a complex thing to do. The majority of people are always busy and for this reason people usually do not want to spend more time categorizing waste or finding the places where recycled waste is collected. Some say that it is a waste of time and money. It is evident that we definitely need an easier method to recycle in efficient way. Increasing the number of places where recycled waste is collected may help. On the other hand if these places are located close to residential areas or garbage pickup service would be helpful. The idea is people would not have to worry about driving around looking for places to drop the recycled waste. It might motivate people to recycle it could even increase the number of people who recycle. In today's society almost no one works for free even if it is in their best interest. Creating a compensation system could be the method to achieve a good consequence. My neighbor Mr. Santos always recycles his waste and he usually mentions recycling to me but his implications did not affect my philosophy. However if I heard that I would get paid to recycle maybe I would have done it a long time ago! Therefore compensation could trigger people like me to recycle. Although it is complex people need to transform their mind and habit to recycling. Today's global trend indicates that the availability of natural resources is getting less. That is why individuals local government and the community should involve themselves with this facing problem to sustain the Earth's potential. They should cooperate to enhance the range of people who recycle. Otherwise we could face serious issues such as lack of consumption in the future. It is time to distribute to the Earth our home.
