Recycling is a way to keep waste out of Earth. It is achieved by taking used items and remaking them into a new useful thing instead of throwing them away as waste. Unfortunately it is not easy to persuade people of the necessity of recycling. The three commonly proposed solutions for getting people to recycle are educating people putting more tax on non recycled products and paying people for recycling. The first solution educating people is one of the best ways to start recycling. This government must educate people about recycling. People don't know much about it. The government needs to establish a program that teaches people especially kids about pollution and recycling. Also there must be advertising that tells people the benefit of the recycling. In this way many people will start to recycle because they knew the importance of it. In fact educating people is the key factor to encourage them to recycle. Secondly the government should increase taxes for products which are non recycled products to encourage manufactures to produce less waste. In addition people will find non recycled items more expensive so they will turn to recycled items such as paper products cans bottles because they will be cheaper. From my perspective putting more taxes on non recycled products will have great effect to make people recycle. The best solution people should get paid for recycling as a way to encourage them to recycle. One of the easiest ways of making extra money is by collecting for example glass bottles aluminum cans and paper stuff and selling them to a recycling factory. You can develop a very good income by collecting and selling trash to the recycling centers. Making extra money is encouraging factor to attract people to recycle. Recycling is important to make the environment clean. There will be a lot of benefits if people recycle. But how to make them do so The three commonly proposed solutions for getting people to recycle are educating people putting more tax on non recycle products and People should be paid for recycling. That is a great solution to solve this problem.
