What Are the Causes of Happiness People always run their whole lives to pursue happiness. Some people feel that to earn a considerable amount of money is happiness some people ambitiously believe that to successfully achieve a greater goal is happiness some people think that to have a good relationship with families and others is happiness. Different people will have different perspective about happiness. In my point of view happiness is caused by three main factors mental health satisfying and secure personal living conditions and moral values. The first important cause of happiness is to possess mental health. Beside hereditary reasons nowadays there are a lot of people suffering mental trouble because of fierce competition high debt and high speed life in daily work and study. These can bring the greatest pressure and misery and finally cause mental illness. The effects of mental illness can be disability and premature death. So if you want to be happy you must have good mental health. That's very necessary for you to acquire happiness. As we know good mental health is above wealth. The second important cause of happiness is to have satisfying and secure personal living conditions. This means you should have satisfying work a lovely private life and a secure community. In our work in our family and in our neighborhood we all hope that we can set up good and peaceful relationships with families colleagues friends and neighbors. These people are the best guarantee of our happiness. It's well know that the three greatest disasters for people are unemployment marriage break up and an unsafe living environment. So We need reasonable employment protection stable relationships and a safe neighborhood to bring us happiness. The last important cause of happiness is moral values. Moral values include personal responsibility to families and society and professional ethics. Moral principles guide us to nurture our children and respect the elderly do charity to help poor people. Moral principles also help us set targets to reduce emissions and waste from our actions contribute to local economies through the wages and taxes and produces safety responsible and accessible product to customers etc. Our moral values can made our society decrease cheating violation and crime and full of kindness and happiness. Undoubtedly everyone is eager for happiness. Obviously possessing mental health is necessary condition to be a sane and well balanced person gaining satisfying and secure personal living conditions can build a steady life having moral values are essential causes of happiness. While we chase our happiness we also should remember to help others to own it. The world will be ideal when most people feel happy.
