Reasons of illiteracy There are amazing statistics about a proportion of illiterate people in recent years. According to UNESCO 2001 in the world today there are about 1 billion non literate adults and this 1 billion is approximately 26 percent of the world's adult population. Illiteracy not only brings about inconvenience of living but also can be a beginning of an accident related to death. Although some international organizations based on a nonprofit and volunteer for poor people try to do a crusade against illiteracy recently illiterate people still are in existence all over the world. There are three main reasons of illiteracy such as physical problem like disabled person cultural differences and lack of education derived from poverty. First from the position of the disabled people they can't learn how to read and write because they have physical problems such as using member of the body or defectives. Even though they might overcome their defect it's hard to be perfect differently than normal people did. Otherwise their desirable aim in life not to learn how to read and write but to live without pain or literally just to live. Although this reason is not relate to illiterate people's intention it is a part of illiteracy rate. As a result of cultural differences some people don't need to learn how to read and write for a living. For example some primitive tribes like the natives of non developed areas have been maintaining their native life. These tribes have been doing hunting and farming so far without the benefits of civilization. These kinds of people inherit the family business over and over. As learning skills for their work is more important than learning to read or write words they don't study how to use words. That's why the cultural differences can be the reason of illiteracy. Last but the most important reason of illiteracy is a lack of education derived from poverty. In current trend of developed country people who worry about making ends meet are decreasing. On the other hand some countries which are facing poverty due to war invasions form other country decease and lack of resources still have had people who perish with hunger. For them earning money to manage to their living is more important than learning a letter. A change of policy is bringing about chances of educations too. Many countries are becoming capitalist countries so education is not a duty of the government anymore. Poverty stricken people in these countries can't afford to pay an expensive tuition. Starting a life as a laborer from a young age isn't awkward to them instead of staring a life as a student. For this reason illiterate people still exist even though illiteracy rate is going down. In summary the three main reasons of illiteracy physical problem like disabled person cultural differences and lack of education derived from poverty have contributed to the illiteracy rate. It seems like a bit weird the fact that the illiteracy rate is still existing because we are living in a high standard of civilization compared to past. As I mentioned before the most serious cause is coming from lack of education because physical and cultural causes could be inevitable reasons. Although to live without a letter might be possible in the past we need a skill to read and write from passing an outline to the smallest detail. To prevent illiterate people from generating to encourage education circumstances is necessary part. Having shameful statistics about illiteracy in the 21st century has to vanish. International Literacy Day. 2001 Sep 7 . Facts about illiteracy. ANON URLPAGE
