Causes of Illiteracy The world's countries are competing to establish high quality schools and universities. Many of these countries are looking forward to having students not only from the same country but from other countries too. Taking this into consideration do you think that a lot of people are still in the shadow of illiteracy Does illiteracy exist in the current century The answer is yes. If you can read this article it means you are lucky. In the US According to Britt about 14 percent of the US adults can't read 2009 . Millions of people still illiterate all over the world. Illiteracy is caused by three main factors political situations financial status and social awareness. The most important cause is the political situation of a certain country. Counties which are politically unstable have higher illiteracy rates. For example in countries where local groups are fighting each other families and parents are afraid of sending their children to school to avoid kidnapping. In this situation the illiteracy rate will increase among the children in these countries. The same situation will exist in countries that underwent wars several times. Refugees from these countries move to another country where they are not allowed to study there. In Iraq for example Illiteracy is spreading rapidly among refugee children from Iraq with at least 300 000 young Iraqis not attending school in the countries where their families have sought safety. Allam 2007 . This shows how Illiteracy rate increases in countries where wars and other negative political situations exist. As the political situation financial status affects the illiteracy rate too. At the governmental level countries need to build and establish schools and universities. Insufficient budgets assigned by the government for education will have a negative impact on the illiteracy level. This is what happened in all countries which experienced the crisis and made cuts for education budget. According to MSNBC because of the financial crisis Board members from Virginia to Alaska attending the National School Boards Association's legislative conference said they were considering rolling back benefits to school employees reducing staff and limiting tutoring and extracurricular activities available to students 2008 . Consequently this will increase the illiteracy rate. At the family level many families can't afford sending their children to school due to the financial crisis. A lot of parents and students have lost their jobs and they have no income that they can spend for education. While the financial crisis is still prominent in the headlines the fact that 75 million children are out of school remains a silent emergency. Watkins 2008 . According to Lisa Schlein The ILO The International Labor Organization says that when forced to make a choice poor families will send their boys rather than their girls to school. So not only do girls lose out on education but they also are in danger of being forced into labor. 2009 . The financial crisis has activated the illiteracy alarm in both governmental and family aspects. The low social awareness about the education and how it is crucial for the society is another important factor that raises the illiteracy rate. Some people don't have an interest to learn because the majority of the society is illiterate. Some people can disappoint the illiterate persons when they are motivated about learning. Because they will feel shy illiterate people will keep themselves beyond the illiteracy darkness. Also absence of voluntary organizations which help elderly people to have basic learning increases the illiteracy rate. Society triggers the underlying causes for illiteracy. Education is a very important factor that affects nations' development. What will happen if the illiteracy problem was not solved How can people communicate How citizens can vote for a president in the election How can people learn and have job under the serious circumstances that happen nowadays Government family and the society should cooperate together and focus on illiteracy causes and find a solution for this problem. References Allam H 2007 December 12 . Posted on Wednesday December 12 2007 email print tool nameclose tool goes here Illiteracy increasing among Iraq's refugee children. Retrieved July 8 2009 from McClatchy Newspapers Web site ANON_URLSPAGE_Britt R 2009 January 10 . 14 Percent of U. S. Adults can't read. Retrieved July 8 2009 from Live Science Web site ANON_URLSPAGE_Schlein L 2009 June 10 . ILO Global financial crisis could lead to more child labor . Retrieved July 8 2009 from VOA News Web site ANON_URLSPAGE_Watkins K 2008 . Interview of the month. Retrieved July 8 2009 from UNESCO Education Web site ANON_URLSPAGE_2008 Feb. 11 . Schools expect budget cuts as economy sours. Retrieved July 8 2009 from MSNBC Web site ANON URLPAGE
