The Problems from Obesity One of the unfair things is that some people suffer from obesity when other people suffer from starving. Of course eating food is a human want and most people enjoy their meals. Unfortunately because there was not enough food in the past a human body is willing to store energy by fat even if it is too much to use for maintaining life. That is why people gain weight when they eat too much. However people should regulate their weight because obesity generates several problems being uncomfortable in life losing self confidence and causing disease. First of all obesity makes hard people move. Imagine having some heavy things such as five pound bracelets on your arms and legs. It makes your movement difficult so you don't want to exercise. As a consequence you will gain more weight because the fact that people barely exercise still have extra energy which can be converted to fat. Moreover because getting fat means the body size is bigger and bigger it can cause inconvenient situations. For example when a stout person gets on a crowded bus the person will have a hard time until he or she finds a suitable seat. Second people who are fleshy can lose their self confidence because obesity makes people unattractive as well as uncomfortable. This sentence doesn't mean only skinny people like most celebrities are beautiful. If people are too fat other people think they are not attractive anymore. That is the reason that obesity makes people shy. Besides it's not easy to find suitable clothes especially in Korea. When I first went to a mall to buy some clothes here I was surprised at so many shops that sell big cloth. However in case of Korea people need to find a special shop to buy big clothes. Third the worst problem is the obesity can cause diseases such as arthritis diabetes and heart attack. As was revealed before when people gain too much weight it can generate a burden on the knees. Consequently arthritis occurs and makes the situation worse because once arthritis happens starting or continuing to work out is hard. Furthermore it's possible that fat people get diabetes because they have too much sugar to be controlled by insulin which is one of the hormones in our body. Diabetes makes blood sticky and makes sugar be lost by urine. A serious disease is heart attack which can kill people in a short time. If the radius of the artery get smaller from cholesterol and fat blood will barely go through. Finally when the whole artery is blocked the heart cannot keep beating because there is no more oxygen which is necessary for making the heart beat. The fact that obesity does more harm than good is obvious. However the sentence doesn't mean giving up all delicious things. People even try to lose weight by an eating disorder which causes other disease though. Undoubtedly taking calories than they need causes obesity inevitably but using up extra calories by exercise can solve this problem. Nowadays people are too busy to make time to exercise but they should work out daily to prevent obesity.
