Obesity Children In The States There is a TV show which is about obese people in America. I saw this show one time and it impressed me a lot because I have never seen this obese people in Taiwan's TV shows. The story is that a boy can't go to the school due to his weight. He stays at the same couch every single moment and he is too big to walk around by himself. As a result of his mother he has food without buying or making by himself. His mother takes care of him very well therefore he depends on his mother a lot. What cause many obese people in America especially in children. There are several effects of obesity such as parents' care types of food in America and inactive investments. Nowadays some families only have a small one. Parents try their best to give their children everything they want. Somehow they spoil their children without teaching them just like the mother on the TV show. She feeds her son when he asks for food she doesn't have the common sense to know that being overweight is unhealthy. Even she has never thought her son is an overweight boy and stays at the same couch. Because of this reason he doesn't have any friends and can't have an education either. According to this example obese children are from parents they spoil their kids without teaching them. The second effect which causes American kids to become fat is fried food. McDonald's KFC and ANON_NAME_0's are all over in America. Children get this unhealthy food there easily and fast food is much cheaper than others. At the other reason there are not many differences of kinds of vegetables and fruit but meat. Seafood is too expensive in some states that are not close to coast. So types of food can affect American's eating habits and weight too. Due to some investments which are the television the computer and the video game influenced children are being to doing inactive activities. According to the Department of Nutrition Therapy at The Cleveland Clinic 2009 The average child spends approximately 4 hours each day watching television. As computers and video games become increasingly popular the number of hours of inactivity may increase. They may stop hanging out with friends instead of playing video games at home. Lack of physical activities also makes children gain weight easily. Obesity influences children's social events health and mentality. Some overweight children are not often confident to make friends and they get depressed and sad more often. In addition they are at risk for high cholesterol high blood pressure early heart disease and diabetes. If their parents pay more attention on their meals eat more vegetable and fruit do regular exercise more than one hour per day. They will come back the original track again and enjoy their own life. Retrieved July 9 2009 from WebMD Web site ANON URLPAGE
