Economy Recession Causes Consumer Behaviors Change Higher consumption volume brings greater wealth which was the principle of capitalism. Voracious shopping fosters businessmen raising more plants and producing more products to satisfy consumers' desires. However after the Bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers on September 15 2008 which was triggered by subprime mortgage problems this principle doesn't seem valid anymore. The recession of world economy has dramatically changed the consumer behaviors especially real estate and general merchandise. Consumers used to buy anything they wanted without further thought. But now they have to consider more aspects before making decisions such as renting rather than buying houses spending summer break by staycation not traveling abroad. First of all having a home rather than renting it is the old wisdom in the real estate market. In the bull market the rising trend seems never end which makes buyers only think about not their salaries but present and future housing price. Many economists have predicted the future world economic development curve could be L shape rather than V shape which is a sharp rebound happening in the transaction between the end of bear market and beginning of bull market. But how the economic change will change the consumer behaviors According to the latest Forbes Investment Guide 2009 Fitch and Woolsey the mutual authors remarked that in the L shape economy the increase of price follows the inflation rate with tiny additional profits. Moreover the property tax agent commission as well as occasional cleaning and regular maintenance outcomes are the total expenditures of purchasing a house. In contrast by renting an apartment consumers don't have to worry about these costs and can keep saving in liquid as well as invest in different markets. Therefore many new couples have decided to rent a house or apartment as their first home. Second the economic recession also hit the tourism industry. Before 2007 every summer and winter travelers usually planed abroad trips for relaxing or experiencing different food architectures beaches or living styles. However since the historical high oil price and the economy recession tourists have had a new alternative the staycation. According to Urban Dictionary 2008 the staycation is staying at home during the vacation instead of traveling to a pleasure destination which results from the high gas price or a shortage of money. This consumers' perception change has slashed the tourism industry indeed but is it a disaster of whole economy Like Peter F. Drucker said in his masterpiece Innovation and Entrepreneurship entrepreneurs can always use the innovation as a systematic tool to exploit the changes especially in the uncertain era. Having recognized this change of consumer behavior towards travel brilliant general merchandise nowadays released many tailored promotion for different types of consumer. In the interview with USAToday 2009 Wal Mart spokesman Mellisa O'brien mentioned that although consumers are showing their reluctance towards trips they still want have a great summer time. General merchandise and retailers therefore are promoting low cost outdoor activities such as inflatable pool BBQ and camping equipment or outdoor furniture. This move could raise the profit of discounters like Target or Wal Mart but will pushing the tourism industry to a severer situation and force it to change for surviving. Some financial experts predicted today's economic crash is like the Great Depression in 1929 but some scholars assumed that it is a shuffle of industry territories. Although this historical event has changed many industries which is closely related to our life it also created opportunities for businessmen to think outside the box and provide innovation to consumers. As consumers we should accept the change rethink about our consumption habits and find the most suitable way to expend our money. Reference Drucker Peter F. 1985 . Innovation and entrepreneurship. New York HapperCollins. P. 21 22 Fitch S. Woolsey M 2009 . To buy or rent. Forbes Investment Guide 86. Urban ANON_URLSITE_2008 May 23 . Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_USA ANON_URLSITE_2009 May 24 . Retailers promote staycation sales. USA Today 6 24. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
