Children Obesity. Obesity becomes a serious problem for American children. According to the article written by William and announced on CNN in 2006 17 percent of children in the USA aged 2 through 19 years old are overweighed. Actually this high percentage is considered as a warning sign and it encourages researchers to do more studies of children obesity. There are a few reasons that lead to the fast spread of children obesity insufficient information about the problem in mass media habits of bad eating and insufficient physical activity. Correct and full information about food that children can see in media is of first importance. More than two third of all advertising of meal which children can see on TV is of high calories and unhealthy food. Bridzhet Kelli an Australian specialist in the field reports the results of her research conducted in 11 countries on the European congress on obesity. Leadership in advertising of unhealthy food belongs to Germany and USA where these products occupy 90 percent of market of advertising of meal. Australia and Great Britain appeared on the last place in which harmful products are advertised in the half of all reels about food she said. Nowadays in the whole world about 177 million children and teenagers before 18 years of age suffer clinical obesity. 22 Millions of them are children before five years. As a result they are exposed to enhanced risk of origin of heart diseases and diabetes. Another reason why children are over weighted is eating too much food. A habit to have an overeating arises very quickly it is difficult to quit this habit and for a little child it is practically impossible. The point is that if too much food is consumed various hormonal species are accumulated in a duodenum and many of them have a structure and influence on an organism similar to those of Morphine. Abundant meal stimulates formation of this matter therefore resulting in a satisfied state. A child gets used to that thus obtaining substantial problems. The third important factor which results in development of obesity is low physical activity of children. In this case even if a normal amount of food and calories is consumed with a meal they are not burned in the process of the physical loadings thus turning into fat. Now it is very difficult to force a child to move! Most of parents are in blame in for watching video playing computer games and using internet by children for too much time. All these result in the sedentary way of life while parents would wish to see the children more active. Meanwhile children go to school after that return home at 16 00 and sit in front of TV or computer all evenings. The duty of parents is to change this situation. In conclusion solutions for the problem of children obesity should be found basing on understanding of the reasons of the problem. The government should initiate programs and increase financial support for local activity focused on reduction of excessive weight among children. In addition school should work with family to encourage children to participate in physical activities and to ensure that children are getting healthy food. Also further researches are needed from all responsible organizations to identify better the reasons and to find more solutions for the childhood obesity problem. This will help to reduce the incidence of obesity among children and will prevent its dangerous effects in the future.
