Obesity is defined as when you intake more calories than you expend in your daily activities. Obesity is one of the big problems that causes health crisis in society because it has backfired on our health and attributes to get chronic disease like diabetes hypertension and heart disease. Statistics show that a number of obese people it in increase from decade to decade and we cannot prevent these numbers till we can stop the main causes of it. Those three main causes of obesity are genetic and environmental issues bad eating habit and lack of exercises. Genetics are considered one of the main causes of being overweight. Some children are born with genes that make their bodies store of fat. Genes play a part in how the body balances calories and energy. Children whose parents are obese also tend to be overweight. A family history of obesity increases your chances of becoming obese. Heredity does not destine you to be overweight but by influencing the amount of body fat and fat distribution genes can make you more susceptible to gaining weight. In addition environmental or cultural causes help to become overweight for example being raise in family which use a lot of fat in their food like utilize butter in their cook and eat dessert after every meal can contribute to obesity. The second cause is bad eating habits. People these days trend to eat unhealthy food such as fast food and snacks. This kind of food has a high percent of fat and calories. A lot of people don't care about how many calories are in their food they just love how it tastes. We eat a lot of food even we don't feel hungry. Whenever we watch movie or read book we always eat snacks or drink soda which has a enormous amount of sugar. The third reason of obesity is lack of physical activities. It is becoming more common to see people especially the young watching TV or playing video games instead of doing an exercise or a sport they like. They don't play with a ball or with something that requires physical activity. The average American child spends several hours each day watching television time which in previous years might have been devoted to physical pursuits. Obesity is greater among children and adolescents who frequently watch television Dietz Gortmaker 1985 not only because little energy is expended while viewing but also because of concurrent consumption of high calorie snacks. Only about one third of elementary children have daily physical education and less than one fifth have extracurricular physical activity programs at their schools Ross Pate 1987 . In conclusion obesity is considered one of the epidemic diseases that has invaded our community and we should stop the spread of it. Therefore we must overcome the causes that enhance increasing the rate of it in the society like bad eating habits and lacking of doing exercise. Lifton R. P. 2006 . Causes of Obesity and Weight Gain. Retrieved July 10 2009 from ANON URLPAGE
