How the childhood experiences influence on their life From when we were a child to nowadays we try to adapt to the way that we learned from our experiences in our life. Before entering the school we learned fundamental or basic knowledge about life such as learning language or manners from parents or siblings in our home. After entering the school we learn not only school works but also interaction between our classmates for developing our personality. Instead of the school activities children participate in lots of activities which are camping private institutes and volunteer work. With these experiences we can accommodate ourselves to social circumstance not just in the school. So how do people's childhood experiences influence their lives Childhood experiences have an effect on achieving sociality through a community life possessing responsibility and overcoming a difficulty. First of all childhood experiences can have an effect on achieving sociality through a community life. A community life means that people communicate with each other. In that group a person plays a role for a member. People usually have a difficulty that they cannot do what they want. If someone pursues only his profit or gains when most people have different tastes and character he cannot afford to be in the community. According to circumstances a person can concede his convenience to other members for the goal of the community. Through the community life people can interact and make a relationship with regard and concession for other members of that group. For these reasons the childhood experiences afford an opportunity of getting into the society. Second the childhood experiences are helpful to learn about responsibility. It is obvious that people have to do their own work but it is difficult to keep this. If people do their best and finish their work they feel an overflowing accomplishment to themselves and give much value for what they do. If someone has responsibility for their work it means that he is patient. When we do our study or project there are lots of temptation from everywhere. However possessing responsibility can help to overcome those temptations because they already make priority for their works. So experiences and habits can affect on possessing responsibility. Last people can learn how to overcome difficulties. Sometimes people repeat routine works unaccountably. On the other hand people are embarrassed when they do something for the first time. People usually tend to do their work easily when it is familiar work because they find their own way to solve the problem. Likewise if people have lots of experiences and learn how to settle the matter these experiences can be helpful to live their lives. People apply the way just as they learned but sometimes they practically apply their own way. Through this tendency they can find out the other various ways to solve the problem. For these reasons accumulated people's childhood experiences influence on their life. We have made a lot of valuable experiences with people. Throughout learning basic knowledge from parents and living in a community in a school we develop our personality. These experiences contain more knowhow than any other textbooks and influence on people's life. So the people's childhood experiences effect on achieving sociality through a community life possessing responsibility and having an abilities to overcome a difficulty. What we remember from childhood we remember forever permanent ghosts stamped inked imprinted eternally seen. Cynthia Ozick Reference Cynthia Ozick Retrieved July 9 2009 from The Quote Garden Web site ANON URLPAGE
