The Effects of Global warming The tremendous serious environmental issue that affected the environment all over the world these days is global warming. Some scientists call it the greenhouse effect which is infrared radiation is trapped by greenhouse gases and particles in a planetary atmosphere and that the atmospheric CO2 level has increased by some 25 percent since 1850 because of fossil fuel combustion Schneider 1989 1 . The causes of global warming are still controversial however the effects are becoming obvious and threatened all the biodiversity on the earth . It has become the biggest concern to many scientists. Some of these effects are climate changes raising sea level and the extinction of some animals. First of all the climate has experienced many changes. Recently the temperature has increased gradually because of green house gasses precipitation also faced the same problem. These changes had an effect on people plants and animals. For example increasing the temperature might lead to an extreme increase in the heat and that contributes to some skin diseases. Also by increasing the temperature the level of precipitation has varied and is not stable as a result that might lead to wet or drier soil. In this case plants are exposed to undesirable conditions. The second effect of global warming is raising sea level. This is caused by ice melting as a result of increasing the earth's temperature. As the sheets of ice start to melt the water finds its way toward the ocean. Scientists found that the rate of melting ice is increasing gradually and it is more than it was before. As the sea level increases the coastal cities are threatened by flooding and destructions and will become soon or later under the water. For example state of Florida in the USA is expected to be covered gradually by water until it vanishes. The third effect is the extinction of some species. Human activities that affect nature and cause global warming contribute also in threatening some species. Climate changes destroyed many species's habitats. For example the ice melting destructed bears habitat which are adapted to live in such weather that hinders these bears from breeding or even survive. Also the level of salinity salt has started to change that lead some sea animals to leave their habitats in order to find places more appropriate for their nature. In conclusion global warming gradually will destroy the life on the planet and caused many problems. The biodiversity on the planet is threatened by global warming. Climate changes rising sea level and extinction of some animals and more all the effects of global warming. References 1. Schneider Stephen H. 1989 Feb 10 . The Greenhouse Effect Sience and policy. Retrieved July 7 2009 from Science Web site ANON URLSITE
