Effects Of Obesity On Our Body Obesity has become a major health problem during the past few decades especially in the developed countries such as the USA and Britain. In addition recent studies show that obesity is steadily increasing. Beside the aesthetic concerns being obese increases the risk of developing hypertension diabetes and osteoporosis. First of all being overweight is associated with abnormal accumulation harmful lipids in different parts of our body. These lipids most of which are cholesterol and triglyceride can be deposited in the lumen of our arteries resulting in their stiffness and narrowing. So as a compensatory mechanism the heart will pump more rapidly to push the blood against the resistant vessels. This will subsequently result in hypertension with its wide spectrum of complications. Secondly according to the American Obesity Association 2005 As many as 90 of individuals with type 2 diabetes are reported to be overweight or obese. . This can be explained because the pancreas is the only organ in our body that burns excessive fat though the secretion of insulin hormone. However once the rate of accumulation of lipids exceeds the capacity of insulin secretion the pancreas will eventually become exhausted and fail resulting in signs and symptoms of diabetes mellitus. Lastly obesity can affect any organ in our body and bones are no exception. Being overweight will add more stress on the bones of the lower limbs. This extra weight causes stress on the bones resulting in their weakness. In addition to bones the lower limb's joints also can be affected by this pathological condition and show degenerative changes. Both bone weakness and degenerative changes of the joints can result in a severe intolerable pain that requires medical intervention. To sum up obesity is a worldwide increasing health problem. It can affect our blood vessels pancreas and bones resulting in hypertension diabetes mellitus and bone problems respectively. Reference 2005 . Finally a cure for obesity. Retrieved June 28 2009 from American Obesity Association Web site ANON URLPAGE
