Effects of Beauty A lot of people really get wonderful opportunities in their life only because they are beautiful or handsome. On the other hand there are some people who didn't get such chances because they don't look good although they are qualified. There are some positives effects of being beautiful or handsome such as getting a better job or having a great social life. However there are some negatives like facing sexual harassment. Everybody feels comfortable or happy when seeing a good looking person especially from the opposite sex. There are some positives of being a good looking person. First of all handsome or beautiful people get good chances in their life. For example if two women applied for a job and they were both qualified for it the company would most likely hire the prettier one because people judge from the appearance. Secondly the social life of a good looking person is usually better because people want to know this person to date him her for example. According to Jane Brody 1981 attractiveness was an important factor in choosing a partner to date. However there are some negatives of being beautiful or handsome. One of the negatives for example is a company could hire unqualified people for important position because they are attractive. The company may not know that this specific person is not qualified but they judged the book by its cover. In the same article Jane wrote M INNEAPOLIS STUDIES of physical attractiveness show that people do in fact judge a book by its cover often with dramatic effects on those being judged . Another negative of being a good looking person is that beautiful people could face sexual harassment in their life especially at an early age and this could destroy the person's life. A big number of people who have Psychological Issues have suffered from sexual harassment when they were young. In conclusion being a good looking person has some positives like better chances in life and a good social life. However it has also some negatives such as facing sexual harassment. References BRODY J 1981 September 1 . Effects of beauty found to run surprisingly deep. Retrieved July 2 2009 from ANON URLPAGE
