What are the effects of sudden wealth We sometimes dream that we will be the one who wins the lottery out of millions of people. It must be a pretty sweet imagination. But are you sure that you will be happy when you won the lottery The results are completely different with our expectations. According to the Emory University researchers there is massive evidence that people who win the lottery become unhappy one year later. It additionally stems from the psychological literature that people obtain considerable satisfaction not by a bonus but by a reward as working. Lottery 2004 . What is the reason they cannot be happy We are going to think about three effects of sudden wealth money management social problems and personal problems. First of all if you suddenly get a lot of money you will encounter money management problems. For example when you ask someone what they will do after winning the lottery more than half of people will just say something to buy or plans to spend money. You can hardly find the person who has a systemic and specific money management plan. It clearly demonstrates that they will not be ready to manage that huge amount of money. In other words despite how much money you have the money will be gone unless you are ready to use it wisely. The easier we earn money the quicker money will be gone. How to spend money is a crucial issue for everyone especially the one who has sudden wealth. The lottery winners usually spend much more money than before. They may consider their lots of money as fountain which never will be dried. However thoughtful money management which is classified several categories such as spending saving and so on will be required at any time. Next social problems will often emerge to the lottery winners. As soon as you became a millionaire your relatives and friends will anticipate that they might get some money from you. Unfortunately in many cases they will get less money than they expect or gain nothing. It can be one of the reasons that lottery winners won't be able to get along with their neighbors or relatives. Moreover it is very difficult for someone who got sudden wealth to distinguish trustful friends from his current numerous neighbors. Money can make lots of friends. However how many people will stay with you when you lose all of your money People who get sudden wealth should remember the proverb A friend in need is a friend indeed Finally sudden wealth can cause personal problems. Lottery winners may get hundreds of phone calls from non profit organizations such as orphanages homes for the aged and so on. However lottery winners cannot help all those people. Thus they feel guilty and are afraid to get a phone call. They can no longer maintain a normal life. Furthermore lottery winners are more worried about their money than before. Too much concern about thieves makes their health get worse. Moreover the adoring of money is also a feature of sudden wealth. They may think that money is almighty and all the problems can be solved by money. In other words they become slaves of money. In short sudden wealth often doesn't make people happy rather than concerned and worried. It cannot guarantee a fabulous future. The life which has suddenly got millions of dollars can be worse than the previous life. It can be proved by many past lottery winners. They spent lots of money and even got tremendous debts. Some of them lost their family relatives and neighbors. Besides they had mental problems and biased point of view such as the almighty dollar principle. Therefore if you are not ready to manage sudden wealth it is useless to have considerable amount of money. 2004 May 13 . Are lottery winners really less happy . Retrieved July 7 2009 from msnbc Web site http ANON URLPAGE
