Claire Last Name Writing 5S 07 10 09 The effects of global overpopulation According to U. S. Census Bureau the current world's population is approximately 6. 7 Billion people and by 2050 the world population is expected to reach nine billion. An exceptional amount of people are living all on the same planet the Earth! People are becoming more crammed together. The global population is increasing annually. If this situation continues the earth will not have enough capacity to sustain life. Overpopulation is one of the biggest problems in the world today. Overpopulation has become a major crisis in the twenty first century and it has detrimental effects on our living. Environmental social and resources problems stem from the increasing population. First the boost of population threatens our environment. The more people grow the more waste increases. That waste contributes to air land and water pollution. Air pollution comes from a rapid growth of vehicles and industrialized population. Emissions of gas produced by many vehicles and factories make smog in the atmosphere. Besides increasing waste affects land and water pollution. Garbage thrown away carelessly or dumping of sewage pollutes land and water. The worst scenario for overpopulation according to Lawrence Smith president of the Population Institute is a lack of fresh clean water Hoevel 2007 . Also in the same article Doug Allen the dean of the school of Architecture at the Georgia Institute of Technology said that handling waste well is very important in the situation facing overpopulation. For example when London England faced a population boom in the 1850s its infrastructure was not prepared for the excess waste which resulted in Cholera outbreaks Hoevel 2007 . Second the largely expanded population brings about social problems. Overpopulation has led to underemployment poverty and crimes. While the population has become larger jobs are restricted within narrow limits. Especially if this situation would be engaged in economic crisis like these days looking for a job is much harder. Correspondingly competition among people to get a job is gradually intense and aggressive. Under this existing circumstances to get a good job one must be very qualified if not he or she could still be unemployed. For example New York City is one of the most excessive population cities. In this city unemployment is still on the rise McGeehan 2009 . It may be not this city alone that suffers from unemployment. What is more worse is that unemployment from a dramatic population growth inevitably yields rising poverty and crime rates. Because society's competition becomes more severe people who do not find a job or have an income would be poor and some people commit a crime to occupy limited resources such as jobs foods or houses. All of these problems endanger a society. Finally actually the earth does not contain enough resources to indefinitely sustain the current enormous population growth. As population density rises beyond some optimum level vital resources needed to survive are becoming more scarce. For example the demand for food has increased to feed the rapidly growing population. But in many areas there is not enough food to do that. For example countries such as Mexico have already experienced food riots over soaring prices ANON_NAME_0 Blanchard 2007 . The situations like this make many people feel unhappy over food shortage. In poorer countries such as parts of Africa too many people are starving or ill fed. Not only food but also land and natural resources including oil are short for holding excessive people. Land and oil also are confined. With continuing population growth the demands for land and oil have exceeded the supply for them. This pushes up land prices and oil prices. The shortage of basic resources for sustenance is a big problem. In short the effects of global overpopulation are multiple and ominous. All living things on this planet are threatened as a result of these effects. And the Earth will soon not be able to sustain life if the population continues to grow. The more we have to spread the pie the less we get each or the more we pay each to make the pie greater. Every individual needs to think about taking necessary measures to control the growth population at the current rate. Works Cited 1. Http ANON_URLSPAGE_2. Hoevel Ann 2007 09 25 . Overpopulation could be people planet problem Retrieved June 29 2009 from CNN. Com Web site ANON_URLSPAGE_3. McGeehan P. June 18 2009 . City Unemployment continues to rise Retrieved June 30 2009 from ANON_URLSPAGE_site ANON_URLSPAGE_4. ANON_NAME_0 E. G. Blanchard B Dec 4 2007 . World faces food shortages from Reuters Web Site ANON URLPAGE
