The Gate of Happiness Happiness is inherently an important goal. Everyone is looking forward to reaching it. People can remember a lot of moments from their childhood when they were crying to get something they needed. What it means is that crying was a method to acquire happiness for children. After that these methods have been developed according to people's desires of reaching a happy life. There are many keys to open happiness's gate a good relationship between the family members and their community getting a higher education obtaining an appropriate career with a good salary are some of them. Initially having a good relationship is the first key of happiness. Every couple should choose each other depending on the similarity in their interests and their perspective on life. Consequently the relationship between them will be very good which has good effects on their children. Moreover the impact of a successful marriage won't be just on the relationship between the parent and their children but it will influence their relationship with their community. As children grew up in a stable family which has no problems between the parents they will be well behaved children so they will not cause any problem with any neighbor. And also they will provide some help for any neighbor who needs that so everyone from the neighbor is grateful to their parents. Therefore family has this relationship has strongly built the base of happiness. In addition getting a higher education is another key People should use to reach the happiness. They should not waste the opportunity of getting a higher education. In fact that has many advantages. For instance people who have a higher level of education have always had what they need from life despite people who did not get much education. Knowledge skills and awareness about what happened around are some of the benefits of higher education. Actually some people may argue about that. They consider a low level of education enough to sustain their life. However others believe that more an educational person gets more chance to get a job and live in a high standard life so the fact is more education will bring more chances to achieve a happy life. Last but not least obtaining an appropriate job is a key to happiness's gate. As a result of getting a higher level of education a lot of chances for getting a job are available and some companies or institutes hope to work with. Both people who have less education and a higher education are looking to have an appropriate career. They are looking for work which they can be effective in. Therefore the importance of acquiring an appropriate career has emerged as an underlying reason of happiness. In conclusion the gate of happiness is a great and strong gate. It also has many locks so one key cannot open this gate. All of the above keys will contribute to open it. Finally everyone should focus on how to get all these keys for entering happiness from a wide gate.
