Global Obesity Epidemic We live in a world of convenience such as transport systems and fast food services. While this life style has been bringing people considerable affluence and convenience the harm has been continuing to increase the obese population. It is now a serious social problem in the world especially a developed nation. We cudgel our brains try to find the solutions. The reason for the increase in the number of obese people includes the fact that people are eating out more frequently lack of exercise and changing a way of life. In addition it may have relation to a gene. Anyhow obesity is increasingly problematic and it brings about various complications such as medical problems social problems and economic issues. First obesity increases the risk of developing from several diseases especially it is lifestyle related diseases such as diabetes hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular diseases including high blood pressure myocardial infarction and brain stroke. For example obesity is associated with the development of arteriosclerosis and lead it would in turn to a heart attack. Because a lot of energy is required to move it strains the heart when people become obese. Adiposity means nothing other than illness. Obesity may surpass smoking as the leading cause of preventable death. Therefore we need to perceive obesity as a health problem and realize that this disease is preventable for ourselves. Secondly obesity has caused serious social problems. Quite a few people confront a fat bias. In some companies they do employment discrimination due to obesity. Some employers may view the obesity as an individual fault. On the other hand a few years ago the fast food industry had been criticized as one of the causes of obesity in the U. S. For instance McDonald's has received a lot of the criticisms. In this way fast food industry has been devastated by the epidemic of obesity. Therefore obesity may affect all aspects of society. Finally obesity is closely related to economic issues. Generally overweight people spend too much money to live a daily life compared with not overweight people. However in extreme cases obesity causes inactivity which decreases productivity and damages to health resulting in sharply rising health care costs. Moreover adult disease may go on for the whole of one's life and increase medical spending. Obesity is seen as a major cause of swelling medical expenses. Consequently obesity could generate adverse economic effects in the future. In conclusion obesity has become a serious problem in the world. Being too overweight does you no good and much harm. In other words keeping physically fit can help you live longer. When each of us can do self managing we can control the obesity epidemic. Obesity is easier to prevent than to cure. Consequently we should live a simple and normal life. Another thing we do not exceed the limit which you decide your rule rationally. Without obesity we can live a full life.
