The entire world has the same pollution problem. This problem has currently affected the world. It has been increasing dramatically in the last few years. Obviously this problem is dangerous in every thing surround our environment animals and the humankind. Many countries have tried hard to reduce pollution but still the economy is the main factor that dominates a country. What are the sources of all this pollution and how did it start There are three primary factors factories garbage and natural phenomena. The first cause of pollution is factories. Initially pollution is done by the contaminated emissions that get out from factories. In addition in emissions some substances which contain lead and other kind of poison have opposite effect on the human. Also these emissions from the factories stay in the air and the water and difficult to remove or impossible. Because of these emissions pollute the air and the water then the environment and the food we eat are polluted. So the gas and coal are used as energy to move the factories. In addition there are other alternatives instead of gas or coal but they are difficult to get them which are expensive to extract or get them that make the situation worse. All these have caused pollution in the air and the water. Another cause of the pollution is garbage. People throw their trash with out separating recycled and non recycled which causes a negative outcome on the environment and pollutes the air and the earth. The reason is the difficulty of separating the large amount of trash between recycled and non recycled after people throws them out which makes of pollution. Also factories throw their trash in the seas oceans and rivers. Consequently this garbage pollutes the global society. As result of throwing the garbage released Methyl which affects the air and the water. Thirdly cause of pollution is natural phenomena. Many phenomena such as earthquakes volcanoes and forest fires have caused damages in the world. Earthquakes destroy everything in an area and stir up dust from the destruction. Volcanoes discharge many kinds of gases and smoke that pollute the air and destroy the area around a volcano. Also the materials release from earth's interior has opposite effect on the surface of earth. Some forest fires are caused by natural phenomena such as lightning or the friction of trees with each other. Those fires make smoke that pollutes air and destroys the natural environment. In conclusion the reasons that are mentioned previously are factories garbage and natural phenomena. All of those reasons cause pollution which causes disasters and affects human lives in both the present and the future. Ignoring those causing they will lead the world into worse situation with respiratory diseases air quality and dirty water. Other diseases cost the country much money than taking care of reducing the pollution in the area. Pollution is recent problem in the whole world also it has affected the world in a negative way.
