How people's childhood experiences influence their lives In this world every individual is unique. All people have their own personalities outlook on life and values. In a certain meaning all these are influenced by their different experiences and surrounding environments of childhood such as families school lives and social experiences. First of all family is the most effective factor to child's growth. Their parents are not only the parents but also the first teacher. What kind of good habits should children be able to get into depend on the family education from their parents. If the parents are traditional conservative on educating their children the children will get the basic manners easily and will get to learn how behave themselves better. This is very important thing for people's growth. Here is an example that about an American actor whose name is Wentworth Miller was interviewed as a guest in some talk show of Fenghuang TV Chinese TV department he talked about his childhood especially about his parents who were keeping a strict hand over him. He owes his ability in success to his parents. So it's obviously to see that the family is how constructive to child's growth. In addition when children start to study in school the school life will become a main part in their student's lives. The activities of school are not only for learning knowlege in classes but also for making friends and getting used to staying the social life of the school. These things are really rich and colorful for children to make experiences. Sometimes the teachers are also required fair treatment to offer opportunities for each student . Some of children are shy so if the teacher doesn't encourage them to join the group activities they probably would be isolated from others. Of course this is not just that teachers have to take the responsibility for children parents are also must cooperate with teachers in educating their children. Usually people who graduated from schools have their good or bad memories which affect them make the next or future decisions such as deciding to become a good teacher like their respected and beloved teachers. Therefor school life is a very important element for influencing people's life. Finally people even children can not live without any social work that means people always make the social experiences though living in reality and nature. For example children like to spend holidays with families or friends they could enjoy any small thing in naive way. By playing games with friends or doing activities with families they will build cognition to this world in other words a sense of justice a sense of commitment to society a view of natural science. According to a research report most Americans who attended religious services at some point during childhood look back on their experience in a positive way. 66 Percent believe their religious attendance before age 18 gave them a good moral foundation. Most adults who attended religious services as a child are glad they did Ellison Research ANON_URLSPAGE_On the other hand if children dislike to join those kinds of activities they maybe will lose some ability to live well with others. In conclusion whatever people recognize the importance about how their childhood experiences influence their lives. Though people live in different countries with different customs in fact those experiences have been exactly affecting their lives so far even the future.
