The effects of Poverty Nowadays poverty is deemed to be one of the dilemmas that the world has been struggling with. There are several impacts of poverty which threaten our societies. This can be seen mostly in Africa. Therefore it is obvious that poverty is an obstacle in the way of civilization. Moreover it is considered to be one of the main reasons of prevailing crimes. In addition it is a principle factor in circulating fetal diseases. Acoordingly this will be proven by analyzing these three effects. First of all a society which suffers from a shortage of food attires drinking water can be exposed to a lot of crimes. For example in Africa where people struggle from starvation the percentage of people who die every day has been increasing because they do impossible things in order to fill their stomach with food. People kill each other do whatever they want just to get something to let them survive. Consequently the proportion of crimes will increase as well as murders can easily prevail. Thus poverty is a huge hazard that threatens our society. Furthermore most diseases that cause by poverty reflect the dynamic relationship between poverty and poor health. Scarcity in life style is the principle reason behind spreading epidemics. For instance in some areas where starvation is high many diseases such as malaria and HIV AIDS are prevalent. In addition the shortage of providing efficient healthcare for poor people is a main reason in diffusing fetal diseases. Moreover increasing such these diseases is an enormous hazard which threatens the safety of the world. Finally the most effect of poverty on our societies is that poverty act as a barrier in progress and civilization. Those who are living in poverty in the developed world may suffer social isolation. Rates of suicide may increase in conditions of poverty. Low income levels and poor employment opportunities for adults in turn create the conditions where households depend on the income of child members. Lacking viable employment opportunities those living in poverty may also engage in the informal economy. Consequently it is believed that joblessness which came from the lack of infrastructures and the bad outcomes which are mentioned can be a harsh obstacle in the way of urbanization. In conclusion scarcity of life resources may cause starvation which has intrinsic impacts on our communities such as increasing crime rate propagation epidemics and acting as an obstacle in the way of the world civilization. Governments have to cooperate with each other to eliminate this sort of disaster in terms of creating private charitable organizations to support poor people and find out effective ways to reduce the terrible results of poverty.
