Name How I Met Your Mother Episode 2 Season 4 The best burger in New York Date July 12 09 Length almost half hour Summary The freshman year when Marshal who had lived in Minnesota got to New York he was scared of this stinky and chaos urban forest and stuck in his apartment every day. One day since he was convinced by Ted and went for a walk to look this big city his fear was gone and he found the most amazing burger place in the New York City and the burgers there are like made in heaven. He ran back to his apartment to tell Ted this news but they couldn't find the way back to that place. After that Marshal has tried a lot of burger in more than 21 restaurants but none of them have the same taste as the first one. Now Marshall is frustrated of starting his career in saving the environment and lives like a zombie after graduating from the law school. He is reluctant to work for multinational companies because they consume natural resources and make pollutions. So Lily Marshal's wife and other friends decided to help him getting rid of the mess by finding out that burger place. Finally they found out the corner which was the original spot of the burger place but it has turned into an ATM of Goliath National Bank where Barney works. Lily was extremely upset about the end of their journey and yelling the GNB but Marshall told them that he just got his job at the GNB. Because he thought over his dream and reality Marshall decided focus on nesting a sweet home for his wife and kids first. At the same time a newspaper salesman told them the burger place wasn't gone but moved to another place. But they had to pay him 100 bucks for the address. Since no one had enough cash and Lily was embarrassed of yelling her husband's company she paid the commission to the newspaper guy and they eventually ate the greatest burger in the New York City. Vocabulary Dingy reluctant to give or spend not generous Origin When I first moved to New York it was dingy disgusting . Stinky foul smell Origin When I first moved to New York it was dingy disgusting stinky and altogether Elbowroom space in which to move freely Origin The Elbow Room an old punk rock club became a drugstore. Compromise an agreement reached by adjustment of conflicting or opposing claims Origin You are flexible on salary you're willing to compromise you are not going to cry this time. Overhear to hear without speaker's intention Origin I couldn't help but overhear.
