POVERTY IS ONE OF THE MOST ENORMOUS PROBLEMS IN THE WORLD Historically poverty has generated many problems in all the countries in the world. Always it has been a political issue very difficult to resolve since all the economic systems have had a capitalist framework that produce a society not only more affluent people but also more poor people. On the other hend all the socialist systems try to give more opportunity to poor people. Thus the interest of these governments to invest much of their resources in military infrastructures has produced unstable economies. Therefore poverty is one of the main factors of many problems in the world such as violence illiteracy and starvation. First one of the consequences of poverty is the violence that has generated murders and insecurity in all the countries. A country cannot progress due to the high rate of mortality. In fact that it produces static economies is true. For instance if a country has many crimes no company would think to invest its money in an insecure place since the company can be a victim of that crude violence. Then violence generates unemployment in the population. Finally the violence is generated because of poverty that affects the stability of the economies in all the countries. Second if people do not have money to pay an elementary school a high school or a college the illiteracy of the population would increase. For example there are parts in the world where both elementary school and high school have high costs for families with low economic resources. Therefore it is very difficult to pay education since they prefer to invest their scant money in food and housing than education. They struggle everyday to earn money with the goal of covering all their needs. Prefering to eat they are not interested to acquire new knowledge or to go to the school. Third starvation is a catastrophic consequence of poverty due to the huge number of people that die because of the scarcity of food. For example there are many places in where people live with malnutrition. Hence there are many illness or epidemics in the inhabitants and many people die. Some areas such as Africa or South America have this problem constantly and it is increasing every day. Many famous have done campaign or concerts to make people conscious of this enormous problem called starvation. In conclusion there are three principal effects of poverty such as violence illiteracy and starvation which have affected worldwide society. The social conflicts involve poverty that is the most enormous problem in the world. There are no forceful proposals to resolve this situation. Therefore if governments do not help to figure out a answer soon the world will become more chaotic and will have much more inhospitable places to live.
