On the internet in the Steps to a healthier you USDA gave people recommendation about healthy way enough exercise and eating properly. USDA illustrated people need body movement to increase heart rate for at least 30 minutes per day. It can help people stay healthy emotionally and physically. Also we need nutrition from various foods. USDA divided foods into 6 categories and ordered them as a pyramid. From the base to the tip they are grains vegetables fruits milk meat beans and oils. Grains include whole grain and refined grain. Whole grain contains more fiber has more benefits for health. But refined grain may have better taste. Generally we need 6 8 servings of grain per day. It is the biggest part of what we eat all day. Grains mainly contain carbohydrate which gives us energy. The next group is vegetable. Vegetable can be classified into dark green orange starchy vegetables and other vegetables. The third group is fruits. Fruits may be fresh canned frozen dried and juiced. Vegetable and fruit mainly provide us fiber vitamins and minerals. Fiber helps a bowel movement prevents constipation and indirectly reduces the risk of colon rectum cancer control weight decrease the risk of coronary heart disease high blood pressure and diabetes. Vitamins and minerals increase our disease resistance. Generally we need 2 3 cups of vegetables 1 2 cups of fruits a day and prefer raw because vitamin c is easy to break down during cooking. The fourth and fifth groups are milk and meat beans. Milk group includes milk yogurt cheese and milk based dessert. Meat group includes poultry fish egg dry beans and nuts. These two groups are main sources of protein calcium iron and DHA. Proteins build and repair body tissue produce hormones Calcium makes teeth and bone strong DHA reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease and booster the brain. Iron is a tool for transporting oxygen in the blood. Generally we need 1 cup of milk 2 4 ounces of meat a day. The last group is oils. Oils are rich in calories but not much nutrition. Therefore we sparingly consume oils 1 3 teaspoons day . In conclusion the needs get smaller as the pyramid gets smaller. The needs also vary upon people's age gender and health condition. And USDA emphasized no single food offers all the nutrients no single method makes us well so we should combine exercise and diverse food in order to keep health.
