You can not eat one kind of food and receive all nutrients you need in one day so you have to eat many kinds of foods to be healthy. United State Department of Agriculture created the Guide Pyramid that was classified into seven groups Grain group Vegetable group Fruit group oil group Milk group Meat Beans group and Physical activity. The first group is Grain group this group includes grains wheat rice oats barley and cornmeal. They are composed of fiber vitamins and minerals. It has many benefits such as reduces the risk of some chronic disease coronary heart disease etc. The food pyramid suggests that you should eat it about seven ounce per day. The second group is Vegetable group. There are many nutrients including potassium vitamin A E and C. Potassium helps to maintain blood pressure and fiber is important for bowel function. It suggests you should have it two cups and half per day. Fruits include potassium dietary fiber and vitamin C. The third group is Fruit group. It also provides health profits. Pyramid food suggests that eating two cups per day. For example one cup of apple is one small 2. 5 Diameter . The fourth group is Oil group. Oils are come from many different plants and animals such as olive oil soybean oil chicken fat and pork fat. Consuming oil is need for health but it also has calories that you need to limit total intake. In adult need approximately six teaspoons per day. The fifth group is Milk group it includes milk yogurt and cheese. These foods are composed of calcium potassium vitamin D and protein. Benefits are building bone maintaining blood pressure and maintaining bone mass etc. The Food Pyramid suggests that you should have it three cup per day. The sixth group is Meat Beans. This group includes meat poultry fish dry beans or peas eggs nuts and seeds. These foods provide protein vitamin B vitamin E iron zinc and magnesium. They are important for health and maintenance of your body. You should have it about five ounce per day. The special group that was added into this pyramid and you can not skip is physical activity. It means movement of the body that uses energy such as walking jogging and swimming. If you do it in appropriate it is good for your health and reduce risk of some diseases. Eating variety of food in appropriate amount and having appropriate exercise is necessary to be healthy so using the Guide Pyramid is a good idea.
