I can divide the food pyramid to keep you healthy into seven parts. It includes the grain group the vegetable group the fruit group the milk group the meat group the oil group and exercise. But the intake of foods is quite different by food groups and ages. The effects for you body are also very distinct depending on the groups. The first part of this category is the grain group. We can consume six to eight serving amounts of grains per day. In addition grains have the positive aspect such as helping to reduce the risk of chronic diseases. The second group is the vegetable one. We are permitted to have two and half cups to three cups of vegetables daily. A benefit of eating vegetables is preventing us from being diabetes stroke and other cardiovascular diseases. Third category is the fruit. We can eat two to four teaspoons of fruit but the amount you will consume is based on what kind of fruits you eat and how much you exercise everyday. The health benefits of taking fruits are decreasing the possibility of chronic diseases. The fourth division of this classification is the milk group. We should have three cups of milk per day from the milk group. This group is very important for you body tissue bone structures and teeth because this group's foods provide you protein and calcium a lot. The fifth group is the meat. It includes meat fish and nuts. We are permitted to eat a piece of meat which is about five inches. We can get vitamin from them. The sixth category is the oil there are two types of oils such as animal oil and plant oil. Plant oil is healthier than animal one because plant oil excludes cholesterol. We can take six teaspoons of oil a day. The last factor of this pyramid is exercise. We need to do exercise 30 minutes everyday. But the daily physical activities such as climbing the stair walking to the bus stop are not counted as exercise. There are seven parts in the food pyramid to stay you healthy such as the grain group the vegetable group the fruit group the milk group the meat group the oil group and exercise. Every group has different health benefits for your body. The amounts which you need per day are also diverse depending on the ages and food categories.
