Your food and physical activity choices each day affect your health . That means what you eat and how many times you exercise will impinge on your feeling today and in the future. Therefore Mypyramid Food Plans are designed to advise you about base on your age and sex how much food and exercise your body needs. This pyramid segregates the foods to six categories such as grains vegetable fruits oils milk and the last category is meat and beans. The first category in MyPyramid is grains. Grains are Any food made from wheat rice oats cornmeal barley or another cereal grain is a grain product. Bread pasta oatmeal breakfast cereals tortillas and grits are examples of grain products . The daily body needed amount of grains is depends on age and sex. As an illustration men from 19 30 years old need 8 ounces of grain per day. But women in the same age they need only 6 ounces day. Also there are a lot of benefits of eating grain like reducing the risk of any heart diseases managing the weight and eating grains before and during pregnancy helps prevent neural tube defects during fetal development . Other categories are vegetables and fruits. Men from 19 50 years old need 3 cups of vegetable and 2 Eating a diet rich in fruits and vegetables as part of an overall healthy diet may reduce risk for stroke and perhaps other cardiovascular diseases. Eating a diet rich in fruits and vegetain potassium as part of an overall healthy diet may reduce the risk of developing kidney stones and may help to decrease bone loss. Eating foods such as vegetables that are low in calories per cup instead of some other higher calorie food may be useful in helping to lower calorie intake . Another category in MyPyramid is oils. Oils are fats that are liquid at room temperature like the vegetable oils used in cooking. Oils come from many different plants and from fish. Some common oils are canola oil corn oil cottonseed oil olive oil safflower oil soybean oil and sunflower oil . In addition there are some oils are used as flavorings like walnut oil and sesame oil. It's important to eat oils because Most of the fats you eat should be polyunsaturated PUFA or monounsaturated MUFA fats. Oils are the major source of MUFAs and PUFAs in the diet. PUFAs contain some fatty acids that are necessary for health called essential fatty acids. Milk is also a category in MyPyramid. It's necessary to drink milk every day because milk and milk products help build and maintain bone mass throughout the lifecycle. This may reduce the risk of osteoporosis. People men or women in any age above 2 years should drink 3 cups of milk or milk products per day. One cup of milk is equal to one cup of yogurt or 1 All foods made from meat poultry fish dry beans or peas eggs nuts and seeds are considered part of this group. Meat and beans supply many nutrients such as protein B vitamins vitamin E iron zinc and magnesium. Men and women need from 5 to 6 In generbove should exercise at least 30 minutes most days of the week. And Children and teenagers should exercise at least 60 minutes every day.
