The foods which we need to be healthy are categorized into 6 groups and physical activities are essential for health. The amounts of the foods we have to eat depend on our age sex and level of physical activities. The first group is Grains such as wheat past rice and cereals. Grains are divided into whole grains and refined grains. This group should be the biggest part of the foods we eat a day. We have to eat especially whole grains which are rich in fiber to reduce the risk of coronary diseases and chronic diseases. Whole grains are also helpful for weight management fetal development and reducing constipation. The second group is vegetables. Eating vegetables is helpful to reduce the risk of cardiovascular diseases coronary diseases certain cancers and diabetes. Vegetables have low calories and include important nutrients such as vitamin A C E dietary fibers folate and potassium. The third group is Fruits. They have similar benefits and nutrients as vegetables. The fourth group is oils which are liquid fats at room temperature. Oils from plants contain no cholesterol. Solid fats which contain more saturated fats increase the risk for heart disease. Though we need some oils for health consumption of oils need to be limited because of the high calories. The fifth group is milk such as milk yogurt and cheese. The milk products are important to reduce the risk of osteoporosis especially childhood and adolescence when bone mass is built. Milk products contain calcium potassium Vitamin D to maintain proper level of calcium and proteins. The last group is beans and meat such as meat poultry fish dry beans eggs and nuts. They contain proteins B vitamins vitamin E iron zinc and magnesium which are related to many functions of the body. Some foods of this group have saturated fats which raise cholesterol levels so we have to limit the amount. In addition we have to some food such as fish nuts and seeds with the essential fatty acid which we cannot create in our body. Besides these 6 groups of foods we have to do physical activity at least 30 minutes a day. The activities should increase our heart rate. It is important moving more and eating less to maintain energy balance and to be healthier.
