American government had changed the guide food pyramid to American people. The American pyramid nowadays consists of exercises group grains group vegetable groups fruit groups meat and beans group and oil group. A several years ago exercise group didn't make part of pyramid. The government included it on the pyramid because fiscal activity is one of the key to be healthy and happiness. The exercise group is classifying by two different areas which are moderate and vigorous. Moderate exercise should make your heart rare to be consider be classify by moderate. The second group is grains which are any food that come from wheat heat rice oats cornmeal barley or another cereal grain. The importance of including grains on the healthy diet daily is avoid some physical problems such as coronary heart disease difficult of weight management tube defects during fetal development. The recommendation depends on your age sex and level of physical activity where the information is available at ANON URLSITE. The third group is vegetable witch is any vegetable or 100 vegetable juice that is one the pyramid. People who include vegetables on the overall diet reduce the risk of have chronic diseases such as cardiovascular reduce risk for type 2 diabetes. The recommendation is choices should be select from among the vegetable subgroups. In addition it is depended on your age sex and level of physical activity where the information is available at ANON URLSITE. The fruit group is any fruit or 100 fruit juice that is classify by the pyramid. Eating fruit have the same benefit as eating vegetable. The milk group is all fluid milk or products and foods made from milk. The benefit of include milk group in you daily diet is reduce the risk of low bone mass. Also it is necessary for keep the body healthier because milk contains calcium potassium vitamin D and protein. It may reduce the risk of osteoporosis. The meat and beans group is any food made from meat poultry fish dry beans or peas eggs nuts and seed. It is a important group to keep the body health. The reason is the vitamins that are finding in this group such as vitamin B vitamin E iron zinc and magnesium. However it could imply on the body health if eating without moderation. Meat and bean have high saturated fat and cholesterol. The recommendation is also on age sex and level of physical activity where the information is available at ANON URLSITE. The last on is the oil group that come from many source such as plant and fish such as canola oil corn oil olive oil nuts and some fish. The oil is important to the body because of essential fatty acids. Be careful oils and solid fats both contain about 120 calories per tablespoon because of that it should be eating with moderation.
