Everyone wants to be healthy and tries to keep their weight properly. However we already know it is not easy for us to maintain our body healthy. People are struggling to make their body healthy by their own ways. Fortunately there is a trustful health planner Pyramid. According to the food pyramid there are two key factors to be healthy. One is nutrition and the other is a regular exercise. More specifically the food guide pyramid can be classified by seven groups grain vegetables fruits milk meat beans oils discretionary calories and physical activity. First any food made from wheat rice oats cornmeal etc is a grain product. It can be divided into two subgroups whole grains and refined grains. Whole grains contain the entire grain kernel such as the bran germ and endosperm. For example there are whole wheat flour bulgur oatmeal whole cornmeal and brown rice. On the other hand refined grains have been milled a process that removes the bran and germ. White flour white bread and white rice can be included by the refined grain products. Eating grain can prevent heart disease constipation and neural tube defects during fetal development. Second vegetables are organized into five groups based on their nutrient content dark green vegetables which are broccoli romaine lettuce spinach orange vegetables which are carrots sweet potatoes dry beans and peas which are black beans kidney beans pinto beans starchy vegetables which are corn potatoes and other vegetables which are cauliflower green beans iceberg lettuce and mushrooms. Eating vegetables can reduce risk for stroke and other cardiovascular diseases high blood pressure diabetes and cancer. Third Fruits are apples bananas strawberries grapes mangoes oranges peaches and so on. Eating fruits can reduce risk of stroke and perhaps other cardiovascular diseases and protect against certain cancer such as mouth stomach and colon rectum cancer. Fourth foods made milk are all fluid milk milk based desserts such as puddings frozen yogurt cheddar cheese Swiss cheese and all yogurts. Eating milk helps build and maintain bone mass throughout the lifecycle. This may reduce the risk of osteoporosis. Fifth all foods made from meat poultry fish dry beans or peas eggs nuts and seeds are considered part meat beans group. Most meat and poultry choices should be lean or low fat. Fish nuts and seeds contain healthy oils so choose these foods frequently instead of meat or poultry. These include protein B vitamins Vitamin E iron and magnesium. Sixth foods that Most of the fat you eat should be PUFA or MUFA fats oils are the major source of MUFAs or PUFAs in the diet. PUFAs contain some fatty acids that are necessary for health called essential fatty acids. Seventh discretionary calories mean that the rest of calories after you consume the calories for the essential nutrients out of one's calorie budget. Each person has an allowance for some discretionary calories. Most discretionary calorie allowances are very small between 100 and 300 calories especially for those who are not physically active. For many people the discretionary calorie allowance is totally used by the foods they choose in each food group such as higher fat meats cheeses whole milk or sweetened bakery products. Eighth Physical activity simply means movement of the body that uses energy. Walking gardening briskly pushing a baby stroller climbing the stairs playing soccer or dancing the night away are all good examples of being active. For health benefits physical activity should be moderate or vigorous and add up to at least 30 minutes a day. More specifically moderate physical include hiking gardening dancing golf and bicycling. Vigorous physical activities include running swimming aerobics and basketball. What it comes to how much physical activity we need at a minimum do moderate intensity activity for thirty minutes most days or preferably every day. This is in addition to your usual daily activities. Increasing the intensity or the amount of time of activity can have additional health benefits and may be needed to control body weight. In short to be healthy we have to know the nutrition of food pyramid which can be useful for our diet. In addition we also know the importance of regular exercise at least thirty minutes most days. It will make us healthier than before.
