Why Health Care Should be Provided by the Government What is Health Care According to Wikipedia Health Care refers to the treatment and management of illness and the preservation of health through services offered by the medical dental pharmaceutical clinical laboratory sciences nursing and allied health professions. Health care embraces all the goods and services designed to promote health including preventive curative and palliative interventions whether directed to individuals or to populations. 1 Obviously it is super important to everyone young and old because you never know when you are going to need it because of an accident a sudden illness or disease. On average we now spend more per person on health care than both food and housing and insurance premiums are multiplying much faster than inflation. In fact there are millions of people who cannot afford health care due to no job no health insurance low income and high medical costs. Who should supply health care to people Majority people believe health care should be provided by government. Health care should be a right for everyone not a privilege for those who can afford it. Everyone who has had suffered health trouble has had the same feeling that medical cost is too high to affordable. If only you have good health insurance you can afford the costs. In other words if you don't have any health insurance you had better avoid having any health trouble because you aren't able to pay the expensive medical costs. Medicare looks like a privilege and many people don't have right to get it due to not having enough money for the payment. Usually to get some sick is inevitable for majority people. Does government look on unconcerned about some people who give up the change of cure for no money Doubtlessly government ought to have responsibility to take care its country's every legal citizen and resident who needs national non profit health care not health insurance which is for profit model. Especially now health care has become more and more increasingly unaffordable for businesses and individuals. The effect is that businesses and individuals are more difficult to choose to keep their health insurance. On top of that we are tax payer we have right to get as much value as possible from every dollar of tax we put in. The tax should contribute for health care. So health care should be provided by government as a human right. The United States is the only wealthy industrialized nation that does not have a universal health care system. 2 This is doubtless that the U. S. Is one of the wealthiest countries but American do not share the same high honors when it comes to health. What is universal health care Wikipedia says Universal health care is health care coverage for all eligible residents of a political region and often covers medical dental and mental health care . Usually some costs are borne by the patient at the time of consumption but the bulk of costs come from a combination of compulsory insurance and tax revenues. 3 Wikipedia indicates that from Americas to Asia from Europe to Australia a lot of countries including developed and developing countries have implemented Universal Health Care. 3 From Universal Health Care system we can perceive and recognize in the world that is a trend which health care is provided by different country's governments. On the other hand this is also American people's claim. According to this year May 29 the poll of CNN there are 62 percent Americans consider the government should guarantee health care for all Americans. 4 If government provides health care medical professionals can concentrate on healing the patient rather than on insurance procedures and doctors don't have to identify and understand the classes of all the insurance plans. Usually doctors are often restricted by current health insurance classes such as doctor will think what tests can be ordered. The compare of the effect of a simplified Universal Health Care system is able to cause doctors nurses and other medical professions to simply focus on doing what's best for the patient and doctor doesn't need to deliberate whether the patient can afford the fee of treatment as well as patient can receive best treatments. It will be seen from this that having a government health care is very important for a patient because the government health care can have doctor and patient are both focus on what is best for patient. Government providing health care would encourage patients to practice medical cure early when treatment will be light. Currently patients often avoid physicals and other preventive measures because of the costs especially many people who are uninsured and those that do have insurance face high deductibles. So before they decide to go to see a doctor they will think about costs and postpone going to see a doctor or might give up seeing a doctor because of the costs. Sometimes those hesitating can lead to loss the opportunity of the right time of treatment or find some disease in time. Government health care can impel patients to go to see a doctor early as well as do regular physicals and other preventive measures without any personal economic pressure. Things always have two sides. Some people argue that government health care isn't really free since we must pay for it with taxes because the expenses for health care would have to be paid for with higher taxes. Comparing government health care with rising taxes which has more important effect on people Whatever how high taxes are health care is always a crucial thing in people's lives. People will feel secure due to having sustainable accessible and valuable health care. Otherwise high income people such as CEOs should have responsibility to pay higher taxes. For those that low income people no job and uninsured people higher taxes will not impact them or affect them less. On the contrary they can get great benefit from government health care. Raising taxes is not trouble thing that most people need to worry about. Because of these substantial reasons health care Should be Provided by the Government and all citizens and residents would be covered by this plan and would have equal access to high quality medical care regardless of income level or age. Certainly health care may be paid for with higher taxes but health care is an absolute moral necessity and a sustainable people health solution. In addition health care is provided by government is a great trend in the world. Now there are many countries have already implemented Universal Health Care system. Bibliography 1. Wikipedia. N. D. Haelth Care. From ANON_URLSPAGE_2. Insuring America's Health Principles and Recommendations. 2004 . Institute of Medicine at the National Academies of Science. 3. Wikipedia. N. D. Universal Health Care. From ANON_URLSPAGE_4. Paul S. 2009 May 29 . Poll Americans OK with more government health care influence. CNN Washington. From ANON URLPAGE
