Raising the Driving Age Every day the number of accidents and victims increase. Many statistics proved that one reason of the underlying reasons of that is driving at young age. In fact driving at young age is very dangerous. It usually ends up with victims who sometimes include the driver. Driving age should be raised from 16 to 18. Many scientists consider driving at 16 is very dangerous because at this age an area in the brain is not developed. According to ANON_NAME_0 David New findings from brain researchers at the National I institutes of Health explain for the first time why efforts to protect the youngest drivers usually fail. The weak link what's called the executive branch of the teen brain the part that weight risk makes judgments and controls impulsive behavior. Scientists at the NIH campus in Bethesda Md. Have found that this vital area develops through the teenage years and isn't fully mature until age 25. Therefore teenager at this age shouldn't be allowed to drive because they cannot control their behavior In addition the brain's response to the stress of driving in 18 age is more responsible than the response in 16 age which is more emotion. People at age 18 can get married. Giving them this right is evident that people in this age are adult enough to make decision in many aspects in their live so it dose make sense that driving age should be raised to 18. Another reason for raising the driving age is to save more lives. The number of states of death by accident increase every day and statists revealed that most of these accidents were caused by 16 age drivers On average two people die every day across the USA in vehicles driven by 16 year old drivers. One in five 16 year old will have a reportable car crash within the first year said ANON_NAME_1. Another point for raising the age of driving is reducing the bad impacts on parents. A lot of parents lost their children since driving at 16 year old. Gayle Bell whose her16 year old daughter Jessie rolled her small car into a Missouri ditch and died in July 2003 said that she used to happily be Jessie's ride. She would give anything to drive Jessie again. Losing children in a car accident affects their parents. Those parents live in a difficult situation they miss their children and also they regret about their decision of allowing them to drive early. Some people argue raising the driving age. They consider driving at 16 age is a good idea for two reasons one of them is because teenagers need to learn to drive when they still under watching their parents. In addition rising the age to 18 when teens have no supervision in their live make many events come together. At this age they in college and also in this age the desire of trying alcohol starts. The other reason of the argument is they feel inconvenienced when they have to take their children to school or any place they want which will decease participate children in many activities. Daniel Clark 2008 After the new research suggested that there is a natural problem in 16 teens' brain negates controlling their behavior observation of the parents has noting to do with that. Even thought they can control how many times their children can use their car and when they can't control their decision during driving especially when they drive alone. Therefore refusing raising the driving age for this reason is not a rationale In conclusion after reviewing these physical and social reasons which support the necessity of raising the driving age and after all the research that explain why 16 age too young to drive a car there is no reason to refute raising the minimum driving age. Also for saving lives and reducing the impacts on parents should be ruled that driving age is 18. Bibliography Clark D. And Mrs. Dachille 8 December r2008 Raising the Minimum of Driving Age CA III period 1 ANON_NAME_1 R. USA TODAY from http ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSITE_newsroom research USA 20 TODAY . PDF
