Military seems like tough work to everybody. Especially military has been a job for only men in Korea. Even though there are some women soldiers people who live in Korea don't think they work as men soldiers do. Most Korean guys serve in military from private second class to sergeant and it is inevitable for Korean men to serve in military. If men choose different courses such as ROTC and special school for commissioned officer then they can have higher rank than other men. However women can choose their serving which is 2. 3 In Korean military and their rank starts from staff sergeant which is not just a soldier. They can earn money usually their salary is higher than 1 200 because it is their job. Also they can get lots of benefits from government. However most men serve in military for 2 years as a soldier with considerably low pay which is less than 100 and they have so hard time such as violence and getting cursed. Therefore most Korean guys don't want to serve in military and some men try to avoid it because of its toughness. Also men think it is wasting time to serve in military because they can't sustain their jobs or studying as career. But after finishing the military service men don't have any benefits. So a man who had to serve in Korean army brought in a lawsuit against the unfairness between men and women in military service. There has been a debate about it since the lawsuit happened. Many aspects in military service such as modern weapon and strategy have been changed and now military needs a lot of office works. Moreover women's rights have improved than before with the ministry of gender equality in Korea. Therefore women should serve for alternative military work or government organization for a period of time. A spokesperson of the ministry of national defense said that women should not serve in military because women have different works called pregnancy and birth . According to the spokes person for the ministry of national defense 2009 We need to encourage women pregnant and give birth to babies because only women can be pregnant and give birth to babies and the birth rate has been too low recently . Logically it doesn't make any sense. Men can understand the pain that women get over but their opinion is inappropriate for the debate. Serving in military is constitutional duty. But pregnancy and birth are not a constitutional duty. It is a choice. Nobody forces women to be pregnant and make them give birth to babies. They have to declare constitutional ideas about military service. Furthermore Korea is one of the countries that have the lowest birth rate which is ironic. Many women in Korea tend not to be pregnant or have babies. If the ministry of national defense wants to compare pregnancy and birth with military service birth rate should be the highest in the world. So the point of the ministry of national defense is not logical. According to the spokesperson of the ministry of national defense 2009 military has to focus on its purpose. Military doesn't have to care about equality in democracy. The ministry of national defense's opinion is that men's serving in military is much better in terms of physical difference between men and women and effectiveness. That was true in 1960s. In 1960s in Korea which was right after the Korean War Korea and Korean military system was poor and Korea didn't have modern weapons. After Korea was industrialized and developed with some countries support especially the United States Korea has built lots of military organization everywhere. Also Korea has developed and imported innumerable modern weapons. Therefore aspects of battle have been completely different from 1960s whereas North Korea still has the same weapons and system that they had in 1960s. So women don't have to participate in a battle anymore because there are many works to do without personal weapons and it doesn't need considerable stamina. Women military officers usually say that A missile button doesn't discriminate against gender . In addition there are several industries that are related to military service. So women can work for the military industries as an alternative. Also working for a government organization can be an alternative. There is still discrimination in work. Our society has not achieved perfect practical equality. Even though the ministry of gender equality has suggested some policies for women and some of them have been accepted it is hard to get rid of all discrimination. Mostly men have higher position in an organization and their salaries are more than women's. According to Gender Empowerment Measures 2007 Korea is 64th out of 93rd. Also even if both husbands and wives have a job wives do more house work and taking care of babies is wives' work. Furthermore there are some stereotypes that are common Asian women. Women are supposed to be perfect morally and are supposed to behave carefully. If women make some mistakes that men can make and it is related to sexual issue women can get more cursed morally. So unless the discrimination is solved completely it is excessive demand for women to make them serve in military in terms of practical equality. In conclusion men have not gotten some benefits from serving in military. It seems like they just have volunteered for government and citizens. Now men are complaining about their duty. Nobody had thought that women should take the same duty as men do before women started to go into society. However women's characteristic has changed and they are actively participating in our society. So men and women's opinions about their characteristics have been modified through industrialization and globalization. We can easily see women leaders on TV and they work better than men. It inspires women in the world and there will be more women leader or worker in Korea in response to the world's changes. But some studies such as GEM tell us that women still don't have the same equality as men and it cannot be solved until all men quit their jobs. So it is unreasonable for women to serve in military. To get equality and solve the debate on unfairness in military women need to serve in public organizations or some companies that are related to military as an intern. So they can gain experience before they go into society. As Korea changes the solution might need to be changed. Whatever the solution is the solution should include and handle with both sides opinions. Kyeongki L. 2009 July 10th . Debate on women's alternative service for military. The Naeil News. Retrieved from NAVER News Yeongok K. 2008 Jan 16th . GEM and the ministry of gender equality. The Hangyoerae News. Retrieved from NAVER News ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON URLPAGE
