In the evolving debates about the future roles with risks of nuclear weapons is increasing every day. Eliminating nuclear weapons from the world has the most agreement. As we know nuclear weapons always are considered as lethal device in the world. Some countries have and others do not have them. From this point countries which do not have nuclear weapons work to have them relying on protecting themselves from here starts the problem. Nuclear weapons seem to be in almost everybody's bad book but the fact is that they are a powerful force for peace Mearsheimer 1990 p 4 . So nuclear is a good source for energy but it is used in bad way from many countries that make them looking as the bad tools. The prospects for peace the nuclear weapons have present damage and future damage on every thing in the global. Consequently of explosion they will cause of annihilation air bursts and surface bursts radiation damage of DNA and nuclear winter. Sometimes the nuclear weapons explosive without use them in the battle that from rust or did not maintain them well. Although to make nuclear weapons safe they require a lot of money to keep them safe. Dependably on the previous points we should get rid of the nuclear weapons from the entire world. Seriously the dangers of the nuclear weapons always the first considered when it start problem between countries. The important point that we have to consider there is no war bloodless. In fact more than we fear war we should fear bloodless wars and the bloodless war means either those in the war are not telling us the whole truth or they have devised something so ungodly that it kills without spilling blood Yankowski 2002 . Of course you know they have discovered something that kills without those troublesome bloodstains long ago it's called the nuclear bomb Yankowski 2002 . Also these weapons when they explosive finish all the people around the center in five minute not just bloodless. After that they will wipe out all the people in one hundred and fifty in half hour. They will be killed by the rays and all the animals and the trees also every thing creature in the explosive position. That means genocide. We still address the threat of nuclear wars. Not immediately but it's just a matter of time. If one weapon explosive it will kill people without a drop of blood. It seems the weapons we will develop won't be the awkward weapons which killed 350 000 in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in ten minutes Yankowski 2002 . Also they kill most of Earth's vegetation and animal life which would lead to starvation and diseases for the human population surviving the nuclear explosion itself Yankowski 2002 . Relying on what is mentioned previously the nuclear weapons must be removed from the world. Air bursts and surface bursts are other leaving of nuclear weapons explosion. When an explosion occurs it sends out a shock wave like an expanding soap bubble. If the explosion occurs on the ground the bubble expands and when it reaches the ground it is reflected the shock front bounces off the ground to form a second shock wave Sublette 1997 . This second shock wave travels faster than the first or direct shock wave since it is travelling through air already moving at high speed and burns every thing faces it Sublette 1997 . This is called the Mach Effect and produces a skirt around the base of the shock wave bubble where the two shock waves have combined Sublette 1997 . This skirt sweeps outward as an expanding circle along the ground with an amplified effect compared to the single shock wave produced by a ground burst Sublette 1997 . An additional effect of air bursts is that thermal waves are also distributed in many damaging ways above the earth. Since the fireball is formed above the earth the radiation arrives at a steeper angle and is less likely to be blocked by intervening obstacles and low altitude haze Sublette 1997 . These are the ways that burn the area surrounds the explosion and every thing will be as charcoal. Subsequently many effects will release after the explosion and the effects of the explosion are immediate. The radiation that is released by the explosions however caused the deaths of many people weeks months and even years later Cheung 2000 . This radiation brings forth biological damage that can demand eventually more lives than those lost in the blast of a nuclear weapon Cheung 2000 . The nuclear explosion releases radiation that cause for breaking the DNA in the human also this damage can't be healed completely. Examples for radiation it includes x rays gamma rays beta radiation and alpha radiation. Also the ultraviolet radiation that causes cancer and my kind of skin disease is difficult to remove from the body. Different types of radiation have different energies and so have different effects. The alpha radiation produces an intense damage also it is more superficial and localized on the out side of the tissues. The energy of x rays and gamma radiation settle deeper in the tissues and paralyze the organs Cheung 2000 . This penetration leads to more crippled in the body. These are extremely reasons against humanity also it should be the point to eliminate the nuclear weapons. Nuclear winter is a term that describes the climatic effects of nuclear explosion. Nuclear winter estimates the global climatic consequences of a nuclear explosion prolonged and worldwide cooling and darkening caused by sunlight blocking smoke and soot entering the atmosphere Durakovic 2003 . At the same time the upper troposphere temperatures would rise because the smoke would absorb sunlight and warm it up creating a temperature inversion which would keep smog at the lower levels. Another predicted consequence is that nuclear explosions would produce nitrogen oxides which would damage the protective ozone layer in the stratosphere thus allowing more ultraviolet radiation to reach Earth's surface Durakovic 2003 . Furthermore nuclear weapons threaten global climate change even with arsenals that are much less than 1 of the current global arsenal. Some people say nuclear weapon for energy. However these weapons are dangerous. If they need energy from nuclear then it is not in weapon form. Also the cost for saving the weapons is expensive. In addition the energy from nuclear is not like missile or bomb but as transformer or butter. Nuclear weapons require other chemical substance. Yet nuclear energy uses just the nuclear as source of energy. Conclusion there is controversy about owning nuclear weapons in other countries that not from the seven biggest countries which have them. The USA has tried to eliminate them from the world even the biggest seven countries but it looks Obama idea did not accept. In addition nuclear weapons must be finished even the seven biggest countries that have them by establishing a big community. Also in this community are members from the entire world. Moreover any country if it tries to have nuclear weapon after that it will face the entire world. Consequently the damage of these weapons is difficult to imagine. It can be clearly seen nuclear is a good source of energy but we should get rid of the weapon. Bibliography Cheung K. 1998 . Radiation biological damage. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON URLPAGE. Durakovic A. 2003 . Undiagnosed illnesses and radioactive warfare. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON_URLSPAGE_J. 1990 . Why we will soon miss the cold war. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON URLPAGE. Sublette C. 1997 . Nuclear weapons frequently asked questions. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON_URLSPAGE_Yankowski D. 2002 . Introducing Once Again the Threat of Nuclear Annihilation. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON URLPAGE. .
