Pros and Cons of Stem Cell Research The stem cell research has produced many ethical controversies by some scientists Politicians religious humanists and activists. Every opinion is based on beliefs thinkings or particular interests. The debate has been open from many years ago. As a result the governments of many countries have restricted with their decrees or laws the researches in this specific area. For instance the Bush's administration had prohibited to provide federal funds for research. President Bush had not banned the private researches. Thereby many pharmaceutical companies were researching in this area Debora 2009 . According to experiments resources the stems cells are unspecialized cells which have the potential to create other types of specific cells such as blood brain tissue or muscle cells . These traits have generated several blanks of research with differents aims that has been addressed toward to the study of diseases such as cancer or Alzaheimer. Thus finantional entities have been pouring billones of dollars into this field. There are two concepts that are controversy related to stem cell research which have been topic of discussion for many people as the use of the knowledge and the method used to acquire theses stem cells. According to experiments resources many scientists justify the stem cell research since the stem cells can be a solution for many diseases such as Parkinson's disease Alzameimer diseases heart diseases stroke diabetes type I birth defect spinal cord injury replace or repair damage organs reduce risk of transplantation. In the future humanity could defeat these metabolic disorders or cellular stress with the support of the stem cell research. It could seem like a good strategy to find the correct pathway in the field of the biomedical sciences to resolve the enormous problems in public health and to avoid the surge of the mortality in the population for these illnesses. Albeit there are many risks in this field because if the results are positives for theses diseases many people would want to try the humans cloning. Thereby it would become in a conflict moral social and ethic. Perhaps the stem cell research would be a point to start both civil and worldwide wars. As a result the destruction of the humanity would be very closer and the world would be socially more chaotic. A second argument of the scientists is the method to obtain these stem cells. According to Cowan there are three mechanisms to extract these cells as adult cells cord cells and embryonic cells. The area of extraction for adult cells is from bone marrow for cord cells is from umbilical cord and embryonic cells are extracted from an embryo before of the differentiation of the embryo called blasticyst. According to experiment resources the advantages of this method are the followings The benefits of stem cell research have such a great outcome that it outweighs the ethical issues. Cost benefit analysis If someone is going to have an abortion isn't it better that we use it for something useful Adult stem cells would not be that interesting because they do not have the same properties as stem cells from a fetus. Another often mentioned advantage is that this research would give great insights about basics of the body. However there are many aspects ethics against this specific method that we can consider as immoral as to kill a whatever human being. The life starts when the embryo is done and insight of this embryo there is a living organism. If scientists want to rescue lives they cannot kill the life of other people embryo . They cannot kill the life to rescue other lifes it does not make sense. Hence the use of the embryonic stem cells for research implies the destruction of the blastocysts which was formed from the laboratory. As Phyllips argue many American scientists think that the United States has been losing money and to find new revenues with this restrictions that were imposed from Bush administration. In contrast the president Obama abolish the Bush's ruling authorizing use the federal fund in the stem cell research. Many American scientists exerted pressure to the current administration to allow the participation in these researches and to be more competitive compared with other European groups. Albeit many viewpoints think that stem cell research is a good strategy to find new incomes for the United States it isn t justification to slay new living being with this propose. In conclusion the stem cell research is a good alternative method to resolve many problems in health since stem cell provide an enormous potential to find effective treatments and the cure for many diseases including cancers diabetes spinal cord injuries Alzheimers MS Huntingtons Parkinsons and more. In addition the stem cell is a good area for the scientists to learn more about the human growth and cell development. However there are many moral and ethical implications with this sort of research. Sciences cannot pretend to rescue humans with the sacrifice of other living humans. It is against whatever rational thinking and humanity should not forget the respect for the life. All the living being has the right to live and we cannot acknowledge that one sector of the humanity wants to violate theses principles. References Cowan C. A. And others. Derivation of Human Stem Cell Lines from Human Blastocysts . March 25 2004 New England Journal of Medicine p. 1355 With secondary reference to footnotes 13 17 p. 1356. Experiment Resources 2008 . Stem Cell Research Pros and Cons. Retrieved Date of Retrieval from Experiment Resources ANON_URLSPAGE_Phyllips T. 2009 . Pros and Cons of Stem Cell Research. Retrieved July 8 2009 from ANON_URLSPAGE_White D. 2009 . Pros and Cons of Embrionic Stem Cell Research. Retrieved July 16 2009 from ANON URLPAGE
