Title The Dark Knight Date July 15 09 Length 2 31H Summary The sequels are always not as good as first one. However the director and scenarist put a lot of stuffs such as sacrifice justice jealousness and the virtue of human nature into this movie. For instance joker's moves and sayings also challenge the meaning of integrity. He proved that even an upright person could transform himself into an insane gangster as well as the space between good guy and bad one is tiny and vague. Combining the contrasts and similarities of main characters this movie is definitely not only an exciting action movie but also a deep and meaningful one which represents an opposite side for us to rethink of our behaviors solidified by social rules couldn't totally suitable for everyone in every situation. Vigilante any person who takes the law into his or her own hands as by avenging a crime. You'd rather protect an outlaw vigilante than the lives of citizens. The batman is an outlaw. That's not why we demand him turn himself in. We are doing it because we are scared. Mob a disorderly crowd of people Schemer someone who always plan something to achieve his goals Do I really look like a guy with plan You know what I am I am a dog chasing cars. I wouldn't know what to do if I caught it. You know I just do things. The mob has plans the cops have plans Gordon's got plans. They schemers. Schemers trying to control their little worlds. I am not a schemer. I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are. Immovable incapable of being moved Incorruptible not corruptible Righteousness the quality or state of being righteous Oh you. You just could let me go could you This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets immovable object. You truly are incorruptible aren't you Hun You won't kill me out of some misplaced sense of self righteousness. And I won't kill because you are just too much fun. Prosecution legal proceedings against a person Harvey's prosecution everything he fought for. Undone whatever chance you gave us at fixing our city dies with Harvey's reputation Villain a cruelly malicious person who is involved in or devoted to wickedness or crime scoundrel You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become a villain Condemn to express an unfavorable or adverse judgment on You will hunt me. You will condemn me. Set the dogs on me. Because that's what need to happen. Because sometimes the truth isn't good enough Sometimes people deserve more. Sometime people deserve to have their faith rewarded. Guardian a person who guards protects or preserves Why he's running He didn't do anything wrong. Because he is the hero Gotham deserves but not the one it needs right now. So we will hunt him. Because he can take it. Because he is not our hero he is a silent guardian a watchful protector a dark knight.
