Men should share housework For many house wives life is an endless cycle of household chores. No matter how much they do everyday there is still a lot to do for the next day. Though the situation are improving with man's helping out at home today some studies show that women continue to do the major household chores and many men still consciously or unconsciously look on housework as woman's work . However more and more women become active self supporting in the society some of them have to have jobs or run businesses for earn a living that means they have to spend more time on work less time at home to do housework. A man as a husband e t of the work then spend more time to do other things or play with their children. When a man does housework it feels to the woman like an expression of caring and concern which then physically reduces her stress says Joshua Coleman a San Francisco area psychologist Dr. Coleman Joshua. The Lazy Husband. London Piaktus Books Ltd 2005. On the other hand if husbands don't help their wives who are busy and have to take care of babies too to do a little housework highly stressed wives often suffer from fatigue frustration and anger all ill feelings that can affect their relationships with their spouses and kids. Overall men who help around the house are happier have successful marriages. In addition women can make money and raise a family now why shouldn't men share their wives' housework Actually women are becoming active working class members of society which means they are out of home for longer hours than they used to. This leads to an automatic sharing of household chores between men and women. Because the economic situation today has affected families significantly women also earn a crust still give birth and carry out household chores. Men have to accept these husband and wife work outside the home time management might become an issue. If men cooperate with wives at home then they will discover they make a great team and they are not just roles as husbands are real supporters of their wives. So chores can be completed quicker when the husband involve in sharing housewor ramatically. Also husbands that do housework can provide quality modeling to their children. Parents often want their children to be involved in housework themselves and it is easier to expect from children when the work is actually performed by both spouses. It can also communicate to children that on some level housework is just work and everyone needs to get involved. As Todd Pheifer says. They will be a good example to the children by doing more housework especially to the boys who will also learn how to keep a house tidy and organized. This should be called kind of education. They should show their children what the a . Depending on woman's work. Even some men say We are men made to hunt made from sterner stuff. Ours is the job of protecting surviving and of course ruling aristocratically. In some countries the traditional concepts are still obstinate that men make houses women make homes or Men tend to work more outside the home while women take on more of the household labor. Science Daily Apr. 8 2008 These kinds of views probably are not very wrong but according to above reasons Obviously that the husband has responsibility to do housework is not just for his wife sharing housework is also an important element to maintain a love family. In conclusion marriage is a matter of cooperation. Housework is something that a man and a woman should take pride in. It is the general upkeep of the house that they call home. It is a laudability for educating children at home. Cleaning is a great way for a couple to express their happiness with their family that they have built together. Therefore men should help their wives to do housework today. University of Michigan 2008 April 8 . Exactly How Much Housework Does A Husband Create . Science Daily. Retrieved July 17 2009 from ANON URLSITE
