There are a lot of people who smoke every day even they are aware of tobacco's harmfulness. Government imposed many taxes on tobacco to make people stop smoking but people still buy tobacco as many as they bought before even though tobacco became so expensive. Although our government gets lots of money from tobacco's taxes tobacco must be banned for personal and public health. First of all tobacco can be serious causes of diseases. Specifically the diseases can be a cancer on lung and throat Countless people are died by smoking tobacco. Doctors attribute the cause of dieing to smoking tobacco and they encourage people to stop smoking but it is extremely hard to stop it after people start to smoke it. Unless government makes smoke tobacco banned people will persist in smoking it. In connection with personal health tobacco threats public health. People used to smoke in public places such as restaurants and park. People are not allowed to smoke in certain places but they can still smoke in different places that are public. People can smoke in bars even though there are many non smokers. Also some restaurants allow guests to smoke. Furthermore if there are some people who are older than others and smokers older people ask younger people if they can smoke. Koreans really care about their age so if someone who is old wants to do something younger people socially need to accept it. Non smokers' health should be more considered than smoker's desire. Freedom that threats other's life cannot be accepted as freedom. Recently women smokers have increased in Korea. Women's smoking became a trend in Korea because they want to express their equality though smoking which was men's thing. However smoking can influence on baby's health. There are diverse effects on smoking tobacco which are negative. Many chemical substances stay in women's body and I will be not go out for many years. Therefore babies could get some diseases. Tobacco should be banned for future generation. In conclusion tobacco doesn't have any positive effects on human's health. There is no reason to smoke tobacco because it is not inevitable. Smoking is not inherent part in human beings so if tobacco is banned legally people cannot start to smoke it and they will not persist in it. Most of all people's health must be the important thing. Tobacco must be banned in terms of all people's health.
