Making tobacco sales illegal. The majority of the countries have allowed the sale of cigarettes cigars and tobacco. These products have an enormous amount of buyers and every day this number of buyers is enhancing due to the implicit messages of all the commercials of television related to companies of tobacco. The advertisements have provoked that many young people start to smoke and the numbers of smokers has been growing in every country. The sale of this products are not outlaw however tobacco has been generated many illness and deaths in the worldwide. Basically there are many reasons in public health to be against cigar smoking such as the Lung's cancer psychological addiction and pollution. Therefore all the governments should ban the sale and use of these products because it has been causing many troubles in the population. That the first argue to be against tobacco smoking is the lung's cancer is obvious. Technically there are many people in the world that die of Lung's cancer by these products tobacco cigarettes and cigars . These products produce the deterioration of the lungs and the death of people. Before that people with this sort of deterioration in the lungs suffer of a cancer that degrades the quality of life. Many people consider that this horrific sickness is not justification to prohibit the legal consumption since most of them think that the Lung's cancer is as dangerous as whatever type of cancer. Thus it is very difficult to manipulate the causes that produce this illness and the cigarettes are not the only cause for this mortal disease. A second argue is the psychological dependence or addiction that is produced by the sensation of welfare that generate the nicotine. This compound stimuli the production of an excess of neurotransmitters in the organism. These molecules generate not only calmly but also addiction. Nowadays worldwide societies live in circumstances of stress or internal conflicts including the violence produce by war or criminals that keep on increase every day. As a result people smoke cigars to find a way of escape that allow them to live or be relaxed. Some people say that the power of decision to smoke depends on every person. Finally a third argue is related to pollution since the consumption of cigars cigarettes and tobacco maximize the environmental contamination. When smokers are smoking cigars they are a source of CO2 and not only they would be transforming their lungs but also they would be getting worse a huge problem in the world called global warming. All the companies of cigars cigarettes and tobacco produce enormous amount of chemical residues. If people consume these products they would be supporting these companies. Thereby smokers would be part of the problem and they would not be part of the solution. On the other hand many smokers think that the global warming is an issue of everybody and they are not only cause of the global warming. In addition they do not contribute with a huge amount of CO2 to atmosphere. In conclusion there are many reasons such as lungs cancer pollution and addiction to consider that all the countries ought to ban the production of cigarettes cigar or tobacco. However these reasons are not strong arguments for theses governments to impose a law against these companies. Perhaps governments consider that people have the right to decide if they want to destroy their lungs or not. Nonetheless all the governments are against traffic of drugs such as cocaine and marihuana that destroy as people families and societies as the cigars tobacco or cigarettes. This viewpoint would be a cause to think that all the governments ought to consider a crime to sell these products and punish sellers. Daniel Last Name .
