ANON_NAME_0 Last Name Making Tobacco Sales Illegal Nowadays an issue that has created tension in our societies is whether the cigarettes cigars and other tobacco products be banned. There is nowhere more evident than in Saudi Arabia where people are argued that tobacco products must be prohibited by the government. It has been shown and after careful considerations that Saudi Arabian government ought to make selling tobacco products a crime and punish sellers. In addition that can be proven by analyzing hygienic and social reasons. First of all as most people are aware about danger of tobacco products on our societies it is believed that they have to be eliminated by governments in terms of imposing dealers to stop import and sell tobacco products. Moreover generate a punishment law against a person who sell any product of tobacco. Accordingly a society which is free of tobacco products is healthful. Therefore if a government banned selling the tobacco products and make them illegal it ensured that diseases which are caused by the tobacco products such as Alzheimer lung cancer and heart attack will be reduced or perhaps eliminated. For example in Abha Saudi Arabia where most of the people are conservative a person who buys or sells any kind of tobacco is liable to pay 5000 Riyals fine and 3 months in prison. Hence the proportion of diseases which are caused by tobacco is low and the people are more healthful than people who live in other cities. Furthermore a society that makes tobacco sales illegal will avoid unfair competition which might cause a frustration for honest businesses. Moreover businesses that seek to maximize their incomes by selling the tobacco often serve criminal organizations which have bad effects on our societies. In addition they encourage young people to some cigarettes in low cost. For instance in Dubai where tobacco sales are legal the government revealed that most of the crimes were managed by tobacco dealers. Hence governments should persist to ban selling tobacco which can be a rationale reason in prevalence of crimes by imposing a hard penalty against a merchant or dealer who buys sells and is in possession of illegal tobacco. Therefore our societies can be more peaceful and safe. However others believed that the sale of tobacco products should not be banned. There are personal and economic reasons. For example smoke cigarettes or other kinds of tobacco refer to personal aspects because a person who smokes has knowledge of effects of smoking on his health. Moreover a merchant or dealer who sells tobacco products wants to increase his income as well as a government will reinforce its economy by getting taxes from consumers and sellers as well. However when looking to previous reasons about making tobacco sales legal they do not make sense to make them allowed because majority of governments have alternative methods to enhance their economies less than selling tobacco. In addition not all people aware about hazards of tobacco particularly young people so they are not liable to smoke and then hurt themselves. All in all selling tobacco products is a controversial issue. Some go with that governments should ban the sale of tobacco products because the negative effects on healthful and social aspects. Others opposed to ban selling tobacco because positive impacts on economy. Thus because inherent hazards of tobacco it is recommended to make tobacco sales illegal.
