Hanan Last Name Making Tobacco Sales Illegal There are a lot of impacts of drugs and cigarettes. These compounds have emerged as the underlying reasons for many crimes. People who take these products have unstable personality. Their decisions also are not rational so it is important to impose strong rules on the generation of cigarettes. Tobacco is the gateway to drug so the sales of cigars and tobacco products should be banned. Tobacco products and cigarettes are addictive substances. People who take them is more likely to involve in drugs habits which drive them to be criminal since being addicted means that this person can make any thing to get this substance. In addition taking such as these substances is easy to become a trend especially in teenager age. Therefore make tobacco sales illegal is a good idea to reduce the possibility of being involved in drugs activity. Another reason for make tobacco sales illegal is the series of diseases which are caused by these products. For instance lung cancer which is inevitably separates to the other organs in the body and as a result many people die at young age. For saving lives making the sales of tobacco products illegal and consider the sellers criminals is very helpful. Moreover saving money is one of the reasons for banning tobacco sales and cigarettes since people spend a lot of money on buying these products. In fact setting strong rules on sale tobacco and make it a crime will decrease the ease of selling these products and because of that the number of sellers will decrease. Therefore the chance of buying will also decrease. If so the goal of saving money will be achieved. Despite these reasons some people might argue that no obvious evidence that there is connection between smoking cigarettes and the involvement in criminal behavior. However they should consider that tobacco products caused a lot of critical disease or develop to serious drugs habits. In conclusion after reviewing these social and physical reasons which support the necessity of banning tobacco sales there is no reason to argue this idea which will accomplish many goals such as saving lives saving money and reducing crimes.
