Cigarette is considered as poison in my country. Yet there are many teenagers and adults smoking. Also there is no benefit from smoking. It can be clearly seen smoking is bad habit. My country has to ban and the capital in my country enhance it. Tobacco has many negative consequences such as cancer lunge disease and a blood pressure. Even the smokers acknowledge that smoking is a bad habit but they can not quit. The rationale for banning smoking is to protect people from the dangerous effects and second hand smoker which include an increased risk of heart disease cancer emphysema and other diseases. Indoor smoking have been introduced by many countries in various forms over the years. The most common points that ought may country ban the tobacco are losing money health problem and second person smoking. First losing money is an important point to forbid. Banning tobacco has been found that it has no negative economic impact associated with bans cigarette and many findings that there may be a positive effect on the business in the country. Because many families have financial problem in this time and they maximize their problem with spend money on the cigarettes. With spending money on the cigarette it continues wasting without any benefits. All that makes smoking a bad decision that is made by a person. In addition inevitable consequence for smoking is health disease. Any one smoking does have kind of disease. In addition such laws may lower health care costs and improve work productivity and lower the overall cost of labor in a community thus making a community more attractive for employers. It is implication that smoking is a big problem from all the institutions in the world. Even though many people still smoking because no one persists the people to quit smoking. Reinforcing the people stop smoking the government makes law to forbid it. Finally smoking does not have bad effects on the smoker just but it has dangerous effects on the people surround him her. Especially The children follow the older in their steps. Because they are still growing and they get any habit from the others. Also adult gets part of the smoke that gets out from the cigarette. Today most people have heard the statement second hand smoke kills. But without knowing how second hand smoke is a health danger. Because second hand smoker has been getting many kind of disease from other person. However my countries have to forbid the tobacco from my country. Conclusion my country ought to forbid smoking and eliminate tobacco completely. Due to the diseases that caused by the tobacco to the teenager and the older from smoking my government should ban the tobacco. Many countries have started programs for banning smoking. Finally smoking should forbid completely in the world because it has a lot of problem caused by it.
