Government Ought to Make Tobacco Sales Illegal That is inevitable to concern tobacco with a considerable amount of health problems and diseases because tobacco contains some harmful substances like as arsenic nicotine soot etc and commonly cause a wide variety of diseases especially cancer. On the other hand the majority of tobacco users become hopelessly addicted due to the nicotine. Also breathing second hand smoke can be as dangerous as smoking. However to sell tobacco products such as cigarettes cigars etc pervade very where in my country. Some businessmen get great interest from it without any thinking about other health. So government should acknowledge the hazard and make tobacco sales illegal. Tobacco use is one of the biggest public health threats my country has ever faced. There are hundreds and thousands smokers are killed a year. For example the risk of developing lung cancer is 10 times greater for smokers than for non smokers. All these health troubles are attributed to tobacco use. If government doesn't think this is a crucial situation and let current trends continue there will be more and more people suffer and more and more deaths in the future. Considering people's health government has responsibility to generate a serial of laws to make tobacco sales illegal. Tobacco use not only serious threats smokers but also harms non smokers. Because people who breath second hand smoke can be as dangerous as smoking. A huge of the children are breathing air polluted by tobacco smoke their health suffer when they are very young. It is doubtless tobacco use is public environmental disruption. More and more people including smoker and non smoker are involving in with the increase of tobacco products. Tobacco use is an obstacle to limit enhancing health's level. So government ought to ban tobacco products. It is obvious that some people can earn great interest from tobacco and tobacco products sales. They try to provided that tobacco and tobacco products sales can contribute a number of tax income to country evidently they are rationalizing. A lot of health products we can plant and make for example we can plant fruit vegetable and grain for people daily food and snack we also can plant flower and tree for making our beautiful living environment. These can both make taxes and people health. Why do we agree to do the harm thing to make taxes So that is justified to make tobacco sales illegal. Because of these important reasons our government ought to legislate against tobacco plant and tobacco as well as tobacco products sales. That is crucial thing dealing with whole people's health. Otherwise people will deep in health trouble. Our government will spend countless money to cure them Comparing the costs that will be spent by people health trouble with the money that our government will get from the taxes which from tobacco sales it is evident to see which is good for people and our government. So our government ought to make tobacco sales illegal and maximize helping people keep in health living environment.
