Making Tobacco Sales Illegal Nowadays tobacco sales are legal in many countries. Japan that is my country is not an exception. Japanese government bans sales tobacco to only minors by law. In fact adults can buy tobacco as much as they want to. Tobacco itself however lead to loss of one's health cause surrounding people trouble with smoke and mess up the streets with mindlessly threw cigarette butts down on the streets. Especially morbidity related with tobacco is fairly crucial and inevitable. Therefore because of several rational reasons tobacco sales should be banned and illegal. First needless to say it is well scientifically proven that cigarettes smoking increase the risk of diverse diseases including brain stroke myocardial infarction lung emphysema lung cancer and peripheral arterial obstruction. Actually large scale prospective studies have revealed those high morbidity statistical results. Many people die annually of tobacco related diseases. It would be attributed a part of huge cost of medical care overall. In addition tobacco has strong addiction which is stronger than marijuana for example. It is fairly and perfectly natural that the government eliminates such harmful goods from the country to protect national health and lives. Second tobacco has big influence towards surrounding person. Secondhand smoke contains a toxic soup of chemicals linked to cancer heart disease diabetes and other health conditions as well as mainstream smoke. Because secondary tobacco smoke is not filtered it is generally said that it contains much toxic substance than mainstream cigarette smoke. Someone may say that separation of smoking areas would diminish such harmful influence. However major victims who exposed to tobacco smoke are children at home. They cannot be protected by the separation of smoking areas. As tobacco has a harmful influence towards other people smoking should be prohibited by law. Third cigarette butts often mess up streets. There is a law in operation in Japan in which smoking is prohibited in most of all urban streets and the violators can be imposed with a fine of up to 3 000 yen equal to 30 dollars roughly . Nevertheless some smokers throw their cigarette butts down on the streets. The government should allocate the budget on the cleaning the streets. What should be done to eliminate cigarette butts from the streets is not to fine smoking on the streets but to erase tobacco itself in the country. It is easily expected that someone may say that the lives of people who are in tobacco industries should be protected and ensured. It is easy to imagine that many people are earning their living in tobacco industries. It is hard to say that but we should think about which has a priority earning in tobacco industries or national lives. In other words protecting the earning in tobacco industries cannot be a rational reason to harm national health. As mentioned above tobacco has harmful influent towards our physical bodies towards surrounding persons and leading to streets pollution. When we stand upon a view of legislative intent of the anti narcotics drugs laws and the stimulants control laws it does not make much difference between these materials and tobacco. Especially harmful health influence is negligible and well proven scientifically based on huge clinical data. Furthermore tobacco may be worse than narcotics drugs in terms of its harmful influence towards other people who does not smoke. The governments of all over the country should make tobacco sales illegal and crack down on this type of activity.
