Men Should Share Housework For many housewives life is an endless cycle of household chores. No matter how much they do everyday there is still a lot to do for the next day. Though the situation is improving with man's helping out at home today some studies show that women continue to do the major household chores and many men still consciously or unconsciously look on housework as woman's work . However more and more women are becoming active self supporting in society. Some of them have to have jobs or run businesses to earn a living this means they have to spend more time at work then less time at home to do housework. As a husband a man has the duty to help his wife sharing housework and taking care of children. This kind of participation is really necessary and important to make a good marriage relationship. First husbands should do more housework because it is a way to show appreciation for their wives. Times are changing the modern man is not shy for doing woman's work and in fact these days men can cook and clean as well as any woman can. There is no line of demarcation anymore between a man's work and a woman's work. Men will have much happier healthier and content wives if they join in the housework. Through sharing the housework they not only will understand how woman's housework is hard like outside work but also they will both be able to relax in the evenings together with all the housework out of work and spend more time on doing other things or playing with their children. When a man does housework it feels to the woman like an expression of caring and concern which then physically reduces her stress says Joshua Coleman a San Francisco area psychologist Coleman 2005. On the other hand if husbands don't help their wives who are busy and have to take care of babies too to do a little housework highly stressed wives often suffer from fatigue frustration and anger all ill feelings that can affect their relationships with their spouses and kids. Overall men who help around the house are happier and have successful marriages. In addition the women can make money and raise a family now why shouldn't men share their wives' housework Actually women are becoming active working class members of society which means they are out of the home for longer hours than they used to. So this is leading to an automatic sharing of household chores between men and women. Because the economic situation today has affected families significantly women should also earn their living still give birth and carry out household chores. Men have to accept these facts! In a situation of both husband and wife work outside the home time management might become an issue. If men cooperate with wives at home then they will discover they make a great team. So chores can be completed quicker when the husband involves in sharing the housework. Since many couples are both working or have careers it is only fair that both would help each other with the household chores and the kids. For example if the husband is not expected to be the only or even the primary breadwinner for the family his wife has a full time job. It is not reasonable to expect her to do all of the child care grocery shopping cooking laundry and cleaning in the home. With more and more women entering the workforce to build careers husbands now need to step up and help with the general housework which is required to keep most homes operating efficiently. Thus today many women actually are the larger wage earner in the home. The role of the husband is changing dramatically. Also husbands that do housework can provide quality modeling to their children. Parents often want their children to be involved in housework themselves and it is easier to expect that from children when the work is actually performed by both spouses. It can also communicate to children that on some level housework is just work and everyone needs to get involved. As Todd Pheifer Science Daily Apr 2009 says. Men do housework will be a good example to the children by doing more housework especially to the boys who will also learn how to keep a house tidy and organized. This should be called a kind of education. The fathers should show their children what harmonious family is within helping each other so children would learn somewhat they shall do at home if they were married. This is especially significant if couples have sons. Otherwise if they see their mothers doing everything they will likely expect the same things from their wives. Some women don't pay attention to offer chances to their husband and children. Remember that there will also be unexpected and emergency times during the marriage that the husband actually must take over all household tasks such as an arrival of a new baby the wife's illness or the wife must be away from home for a while moving to a new family home and other circumstances. The emergency often requires the husband to share or completely take over housework until things settle down . Depending on the father's expression in those cases the children will have good or bad experiences about how to handle housework without mom's helping hands. Moreover men can learn house chores quite easily. The only problem is that many men have been conditioned not to do woman's work. Some men even say We are men made to hunt made from sterner stuff. Ours is the job of protecting surviving and of course ruling aristocratically. In some countries the traditional concepts are still inflexible that men make houses women make homes or Men tend to work more outside the home while women take on more of the household labor. Science Daily Apr. 8 2008 These kinds of views probably are not very wrong but according to these above reasons it is obvious that the husband has the responsibility to do housework and what he does is not just for his wife. Sharing housework is also an important element for maintaining a loved family. In conclusion marriage is a matter of cooperation. Housework is something that a man and a woman should take pride in. It is the general upkeep of the house that they call home. It is a admiration for educating children at home. Cleaning is a great way for a couple to express their happiness with the family that they have built together. Therefore men today should help their wives to do housework. George Mason University 2007 August 28 . Married Men Really Do Do Less Housework Than Live in Boyfriends. Science Daily. Retrieved July 17 2009 from ANON_URLSITE_m University of Michigan 2008 April 8 . Exactly How Much Housework Does A Husband C
