The debates of nuclear weapons risk increase every day. Eliminating nuclear weapons from the world has the most agreement in all countries. As we know nuclear weapons are always considered as lethal device. Some countries have them and others do not. From this point countries which do not have nuclear weapons work to have them relying on protected themselves from other countries from here starts the problem. Nuclear weapons seem to be in almost everybody's bad book but the fact is that they are a powerful force for peace Mearsheimer 1990 p 4 . So nuclear weapons are a good source for energy. On the other hand nuclear weapons are used in bad way by some countries that make nuclear weapons looking as the bad things. The nuclear weapons have present damage and future damage on every thing in the world. As result of the explosion they will cause of annihilation air bursts and surface bursts radiation damage for DNA and nuclear winter. Sometimes nuclear weapons explosives without using them in battle from rust or not maintaining them well. Making the nuclear weapons safe require a lot of money to keep them safe. From the points that mentioned previously we should get rid of nuclear weapons from the entire world. The dangers nuclear weapons are always considered first when problems start between countries. The important point that we have to consider that no war bloodless. In fact more than we fear war we should fear bloodless wars and the bloodless war means either those in the war are not telling us the whole truth or they have devised something so ungodly that it kills without spilling blood Yankowski 2002 . Of course you know they have discovered something that kills without those troublesome bloodstains long ago it's called the nuclear bomb Yankowski 2002 . When these weapons they explosion they will finish all the people around the center in five minute they are not bloodless. After that they will wipe out all the people who live in a hundred and fifty kilometers in half an hour. All the animals and the trees will die and every creature in the explosive position. That means genocide. We still address the threat of nuclear wars. Not immediately but it's just a matter of time. If one weapon explosion it will kill people without a drop of blood. It seems the weapons we will develop won't be the awkward weapons which killed 350 000 in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in ten minutes Yankowski 2002 . Moreover they killed most of Earth's vegetation and animal life which would lead to starvation and diseases for the human population surviving the nuclear explosion itself Yankowski 2002 . Based on the pervious information nuclear weapons must be removed from the world. In addition air bursts and surface bursts are other leaved of the nuclear weapons explosion. When an explosion occurs it sends out a shock wave like an expanding soap bubble. If the explosion occurs on the ground the bubble expands and when it reaches the ground it is reflected and the shock front bounces off the ground to form a second shock wave Sublette 1997 . These shock waves travel very fast and they are very hot. Also they are moving high speed and burns every thing face it. This is the way that burns the areas surround the explosion and every thing will be as charcoal. From this point these weapons are really annihilative things. In addition these effects of air bursts are that thermal waves are also distributed in many damaging ways above the earth and they have future effects. Based on the pervious information nuclear weapons must be removed from the world. Thirdly many effects will be released after the explosion and the effects of the explosion are immediate. The radiation that is released by the explosions however caused the deaths of many people weeks months and even years later Cheung 2000 . This radiation brings forth biological damage that can demand eventually more lives than those lost in the blast of a nuclear weapon Cheung 2000 . The nuclear explosion releases causes of radiation that will break the DNA in the human also this damage can't be healed completely. Examples of radiation include x rays gamma rays beta radiation and alpha radiation. Also the ultraviolet radiation that causes cancer and many kind of skin disease is difficult to remove from the body. Different types of radiation have different energies and so have different effects. Alpha radiation produces an intense damage that is more superficial and localized on the out side of the tissues. The energy of x rays and gamma radiation settle deeper on the tissues and paralyze the organs Cheung 2000 . This penetration leads to more paralyzed in the body. These are extremely causes against humanity and should be reasons to eliminate the nuclear weapons. Nuclear winter is a term that describes the climatic effects of the nuclear explosion. Nuclear winter estimates the global climatic consequences of a nuclear explosion prolonged and worldwide cooling and darkening caused by sunlight blocking smoke and soot entering the atmosphere Durakovic 2003 . At the same time the upper troposphere temperatures would rise because the smoke would absorb sunlight and warm up creating a temperature inversion which would keep smog at the lower levels. Another predicted consequence is that nuclear explosions would produce nitrogen oxides which would damage the protective ozone layer in the stratosphere thus allowing more ultraviolet radiation to reach Earth's surface Durakovic 2003 . Furthermore nuclear weapons threaten global climate change even with arsenals that are much less than 1 of the current global arsenal. Some people say nuclear weapons are for energy. However these weapons are dangerous. If we need energy from nuclear however it is not in weapon form. Also the cost of saving the weapons is expensive. In addition the energy from nuclear that is not like missiles or bombs. In addition nuclear weapons require other chemical substances. Yet nuclear energy uses just nuclear energy as a source of energy. Finally there is a controversy about owning nuclear weapons in countries that do not have. The USA has tried to eliminate them from the world even from the biggest seven countries but it looks that Obama idea is not accepted. In addition nuclear weapons must be finished from the entire world by establishing a big community. This community has members from the entire world. In addition the community oversees finishing the weapons from the world and follow all the country that use nuclear as energy to forbid them using it in bad way. Moreover if any country tries to have nuclear weapon after that it will face the entire world and punish it. At last the damage from weapons is difficult to imagine. Although nuclear energy is a good source of energy but we should get rid of nuclear weapons from the entire world. Bibliography Cheung K. 1998 . Radiation biological damage. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON URLPAGE. Durakovic A. 2003 . Undiagnosed illnesses and radioactive warfare. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON_URLSPAGE_J. 1990 . Why we will soon miss the cold war. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON URLPAGE. Sublette C. 1997 . Nuclear weapons frequently asked questions. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON_URLSPAGE_Yankowski D. 2002 . Introducing once again the threat of nuclear annihilation. Retrieved July 14 2009 from ANON_URLSPAGE_.
