Equality in the military service in Korea Writing 5S ANON_NAME_0 The military seems like tough work to everybody. Especially the military has been a job for only men in Korea. Even though there are some women soldiers people who live in Korea don't think they work as men soldiers do. It is inevitable for Korean men to serve in the military from private second class to sergeant if they don't have serious bodily illness. If men choose different courses such as ROTC and special schools for commissioned officers then they can have a higher rank than other men. Women however can decide whether they serve in the military or not and their rank starts from staff sergeant which is not just a soldier. They can earn money usually their salary is higher than 1 200 because it is their job. They can also get lots of benefits from the government. However most men serve in the military for 2 years as a soldier with considerably small salary which is less than 100 and they have so hard time such as violence and getting cursed. Therefore most Korean men don't want to serve in military and some men try to avoid it because of its toughness. Also men think that it wastes time to serve in the military because they can't sustain their jobs or studying as career during serving in the military most men are students or have jobs before they start serving in the military. Moreover after finishing the military service men don't have any benefits. As a result a man who had to serve in the Korean army brought in a lawsuit against the unfairness between men and women in the military service. There has been a debate about the unfairness since the lawsuit happened. Many aspects of the military service such as modern weapons and strategies have been changed and now the military needs a lot of works that don't require battle. Most of all women's rights have improved than before with the Ministry of Gender Equality in Korea. Therefore women should serve for alternative military work or government organization for a period of time. A spokesperson of the ministry of national defense said that women should not serve in the military because women have different work called pregnancy and birth . According to the spokes person for the Ministry of National Defense 2009 We need to encourage women's to be pregnant and give birth to babies because only women can be pregnant and give birth to babies and the birth rate has been too low recently . Logically it doesn't make any sense. Men can understand the pain that women get through but their opinion is inappropriate for the debate. Serving in the military is the constitutional duty but pregnancy and birth are not a constitutional duty. It is a choice. Nobody forces women to be pregnant and makes them give birth to babies. A constitutional duty should be compared with another constitutional duty. Furthermore Korea is one of the countries that has the lowest birth rate which is ironic. Many women in Korea tend not to be pregnant or have babies. If the Ministry of National Defense wants to compare pregnancy and birth with military service the birth rate should be the highest in the world. So the point of the Ministry of National Defense is not logical. According to the spokesperson of the Ministry of National Defense 2009 the military has to focus on its purpose. Military doesn't have to care about equality in democracy. The Ministry of National Defense's opinion is that men's serving in military is much better in terms of effectiveness and physical difference between men and women. That was true in the 1960s. In the 1960s in Korea which was right after the Korean War Korea and the Korean military system was extremely poor and Korea didn't have modern weapons. After Korea was industrialized and developed with some countries' support especially the United States Korea built lots of military organization everywhere. Also Korea has developed and imported innumerable modern weapons. Therefore aspects of battle have been completely different from 1960s whereas North Korea still has the same weapons and system that they had in the 1960s. Eventually women don't have to participate in a battle anymore because there are abundant assignments to do without personal weapons and the assignments don't require considerable stamina. In connection with the aspects women military officers usually say that A missile button doesn't discriminate against gender . In addition there are several industries that are related to military service so women can work for the military industries as an alternative. Working for a government organization can be an alternative as well. In addition to the equality in the military service it is thought that gender equality in the Korean society has much improved than the past but there is still discrimination in work because our society has not yet achieved perfect practical equality. Even though the Ministry of Gender Equality has suggested some policies for women and some of them have been accepted it is hard to get rid of all discrimination. Mostly men have higher positions in organizations and their salaries are more than women's. According to Gender Empowerment Measures 2007 Korea is 64th out of 93rd. Also even if both husbands and wives have a job wives do more house work and taking care of babies is wives' work. Furthermore there are some stereotypes that are common about Asian women. Women are supposed to be morally perfect and behave carefully. It tells us that Korea is socially more conservative than other western countries. Therefore unless discrimination is solved completely it is an excessive demand for women to make them serve in the military in terms of practical equality. In conclusion men have not gotten particular benefits from serving in the military. It seems like they just have volunteered for the government. Now men are complaining about their duty. Although nobody had thought that women should take the same duty as men before women started to go into society women's roles have changed and they are actively participating in our society. As a result men and women's opinions about their roles have been modified through industrialization and globalization. We can easily see women leaders on TV and they work better than men. It inspires women in the world and there will be more women leaders or workers in Korea in response to the world's changes. But some studies such as GEM tell us that women still don't have the same equality as men and it cannot be solved until all men quit their jobs. Consequently it is unreasonable that women serve in the military. To get equality and solve the debate on unfairness in the military women need to serve as an intern in public organizations or some companies that are related to the military and hence they can gain experience before they go into society. As Korea changes the solution might need to be changed. Whatever the solution is the solution should include and deal with both sides' opinions. Kyeongki L. 2009 July 10th . Debate on women's alternative service for military. The Naeil News. Retrieved from NAVER News Yeongok K. 2008 Jan 16th . GEM and the ministry of gender equality. The Hangyoerae News. Retrieved from NAVER News ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON URLPAGE
