Why Health Care Should be Provided by the Government What is Health Care According to Wikipedia Health Care refers to the treatment and management of illness and the preservation of health through services offered by the medical dental pharmaceutical clinical laboratory sciences nursing and allied health professions. Health care embraces all the goods and services designed to promote health including preventive curative and palliative interventions whether directed to individuals or to populations. 1 Obviously it is very important to everyone young and old because you never know when you are going to need it because of an accident a sudden illness or disease. On average we now spend more per person on health care than both food and housing and insurance premiums are multiplying much faster than inflation. In fact there are millions of people who cannot afford health care due to no job no health insurance low income and high medical costs. Who should supply health care to people's health Majority of people believe health care should be provided by our government. Obviously health care should be a right for everyone not a privilege for those who can afford it. Everyone who has had suffered health trouble has had the same feeling that medical costs are too high to be affordable. Only if you have good health insurance can you afford the costs In other words if you don't have any health insurance you had better avoid having any health trouble because you aren't able to pay the expensive medical costs. Health care looks like a privilege and many people don't have the right to get it due to not having enough money for the payment. Usually to get sick is inevitable for the majority of people. Does our government look on unconcerned about some people who give up the chance of cure because of no money Doubtlessly government ought to have responsibility to take care its country's every legal citizen and resident who needs national non profit health care not health insurance which are insurance companies for profit model. Especially now health care has become increasingly unaffordable for businesses and individuals. The effect is that it is more difficult for businesses and individuals to choose to keep their health insurance. On top of that Majority of people are tax payers they have the right to get as much value as possible from every dollar of taxes we put in. Taxes should contribute to health care. Certainly health care should be provided by our government as a human right. The United States is the only wealthy industrialized nation that does not have a universal health care system. 2 It is doubtless that the U. S. Is one of the wealthiest countries but American do not share the same high honors when it comes to health. What is universal health care Wikipedia says Universal health care is health care coverage for all eligible residents of a political region and often covers medical dental and mental health care. Usually some costs are borne by the patient at the time of consumption but the bulk of costs come from a combination of compulsory insurance and tax revenues. 3 Wikipedia indicates that from the Americas to Asia from Europe to Australia a lot of countries including developed and developing countries have implemented Universal Health Care. 3 In the world we can perceive and recognize that the universal health care system is a trend which health care is provided by different country's governments. On the other hand this is also the American people's claim. According to this year May 29 the poll of CNN 62 percent of the Americans consider that the government should guarantee health care for all Americans. 4 Otherwise if government provides health care medical professionals can concentrate on healing the patient rather than on insurance procedures and doctors don't have to identify and understand the classes of all the insurance plans. Doctors are often restricted by current health insurance classes like as doctor will think what tests can be ordered. Comparing the effect of the simplified universal health care system can let doctors nurses and other medical professions simply focus on doing what's best for the patient. As well as doctors don't need to deliberate whether the patient can afford the fee of treatment and the patients can receive best treatments. It will be seen from this that having a government health care is very important for a patient because the government health care can have the doctor and patient are both focus on what will be best for the patient. On the other hand the government providing health care would encourage patients to seek medical diagnosis early when treatment will be light. Currently patients often avoid physicals and other preventive measures because of the costs especially people who are uninsured and those that do have insurance face high deductibles. Due to these before they decide to go to see a doctor they will think about costs and postpone or might give up seeing a doctor. Sometimes hesitating can lead to the loss of an opportunity at the right treatment or the loss of diagnosing a disease in time. Government health care can impel patients to go to see a doctor early as well as do regular physicals and other preventive measures without any personal economic pressure. Nevertheless things always have two sides. Some people argue that government health care isn't really free since we must pay for it with taxes. Comparing government health care with rising taxes which has the more important effect on people However high taxes are health care is always a crucial thing in people's lives. People will feel secure due to having sustainable accessible and valuable health care. On the other hand high income people such as CEOs should have responsibility to pay higher taxes. For those low income people which are no job and uninsured people higher taxes will not impact them or affect them less. On the contrary they can get great benefit from government health care. Raising taxes is not the thing that most people need to worry about. Because of these substantial reasons health care should be provided by the government and all citizens and residents should be covered by this plan and have equal access to high quality medical care regardless of income level or age. Certainly health care may be paid for with higher taxes but health care is an absolute moral necessity and a sustainable solution of people's health. In addition health care provided by the government is a great trend in the world. Now there are many country governments have already implemented the universal health care system. Bibliography 1. Wikipedia. N. D. Haelth Care. From ANON_URLSPAGE_2. Insuring America's Health Principles and Recommendations. 2004 . Institute of Medicine at the National Academies of Science. 3. Wikipedia. N. D. Universal Health Care. From ANON_URLSPAGE_4. Paul S. 2009 May 29 . Poll Americans OK with more government health care influence. CNN Washington. From ANON URLPAGE
