Abolition of the Death Penalty Currently About 60 countries provide a capital punishment system. In other words more than two thirds of the countries in the world have now abolished the death penalty in law or practice. Furthermore this latter figure has been increasing each year partly due to efforts by the European Union which has been trying to persuade countries to show greater respect for human rights. Many people think that the death penalty should be abolished in the world. Capital punishment should not be justified for any criminals. In addition the Japanese government has conducted an opinion poll on the country's criminal law system. The research focused on capital punishment. More than 80 percent of the respondents accepted capital punishment. This is a 2 point rise from the last poll. It is the first time the number has exceeded 80 percent. These people said criminals should sacrifice their lives in return for the crimes they committed. On the other hand only 6 percent disagreed with the system saying criminals should continue to live and make reparations for their crimes. Many Japanese need to shake off conventional wisdom. The first point our faith in fundamental human rights should be reaffirmed. Every human has fundamental human rights. According to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 1948 Everyone has the right to life liberty and security of person Article 3 . It should not be allowed for anybody to deprive us of our right to live. In addition the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 1948 found No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Article 5 . Consequently capital punishment must be regarded as homicide. How can you sentence a suspect to death There are no perfect people. Therefore the ruling handed down on the defendant is not always correct. It may be a false accusation unless there is a 100 guarantee or God needs to judge instead of humankind. No one can pronouncement of a perfect judgment. According to Burnett 2002 p. 19 Some adjudication might be determined by police misleading investigational results and judges may have bad judgments. Capital punishment should not be administered even if there is a 1 in 100 chance of a false accusation. There is no mending after someone was killed. This means that it is impossible to recover lives taken away by executions resulting from a miscarriage of justice. Moreover some people have assumed that the death penalty has a deterrent effect on a crime. In contrast some people have claimed that abolishing capital punishment will not necessarily increase the number of serious crimes. Up to now many experimental studies have been accomplished about capital punishment and the change in the crime rate in the U. S. A. However the relation has not been established between the capital punishment system and the crime rate. In short although retentionists argue that capital punishment is meaningful as a criminal policy due to its threatening power and deterrent effects on crime there has been no scientific evidence for this argument. Moreover according to Goertzel 2004 The value of this research is shown by its success in demonstrating that capital punishment has not deterred homicide. Furthermore someone may commit a crime for the purposes of the death penalty. Therefore if the death penalty is intended to prevent crime it should be abolished immediately. In another point capital punishment definitely and inevitably takes away human life and dignity. No matter how it may be carried out capital punishment itself can be said to be cruel. Everyone should have respect for human dignity. That means nobody can play God with other people's lives. However people are gone forever by use of government power. According to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 1948 Everyone has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law Article 6 . Even the most hardened criminal must be endowed with inalienable rights. It is impermissible to kill someone who is categorized as a devil. No one has the right to kill anybody for any reason. Moreover some do a revision when they cannot grow worse. We do not deprive someone of a chance to go straight. Therefore all countries should not allow the death penalty. Finally if a government abolishes the death penalty they may fall short of satisfying the victim's emotional request for a harsh penalty. In addition it may not understand the pains of the victims. However according to Bingham 2009 Living by the motto an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth makes people less happy and successful. The death penalty will trigger never ending cycle of retribution and offer no solutions. Ultimately the death penalty may leave the family of the victim in immeasurable grief. According to Japan Federation of Bar Associations 2002 efforts to prevent recurrences by studying the causes and background of crimes and preventive measures as well as supporting victims by giving economic assistance mental care and appropriate involvement in criminal justice procedures will possibly mitigate the sufferings of the bereaved and open a way to ease their feelings including retributive and revengeful feelings p. 386 . In conclusion capital punishment should be abolished in the world. Everyone has to think about the morality of capital punishment. Humans do not allow the life of humans to claim. The capital punishment is not the answer to solving problems. Therefore everyone must discuss alternatives to capital punishment. Capital punishment system constitutes a violation of fundamental human rights. The use of the death penalty must not be authorized in any situation.
