Raising the Driving Age Every day the number of accidents and victims increase. Many statistics have proved that one of the underlying reasons is driving at a young age. In fact driving at a young age is very dangerous. It usually ends up with victims which sometimes include the driver. Therefore the driving age should be raised from 16 to 18. Many scientists consider driving at 16 very dangerous 2because at this age the area of the brain called the executive branch is not developed. According to ANON_NAME_0 David New findings from brain researchers at the National Institutes of Health explain for the first time why efforts to protect the youngest drivers usually fail. The weak link what's called the executive branch of the teen brain the part that weighs risk makes judgments and controls impulsive behavior. Scientists at the NIH campus in Bethesda Md. Have found that this vital area develops through the teenage years and isn't fully mature until age 25. Therefore teenagers at this age shouldn't be allowed to drive because they cannot control their behavior. In addition the brain's response to the stress of driving at age 18 is more responsible than the response at age 16 which is more emotion. People at age 18 can get married. Giving them this right is evidence that people at this age are adult enough to make decisions in many aspects in their lives so it makes sense that the driving age should be raised to18. Another reason for raising the driving age is to save more lives. The number of cases of death by accident increase every day and statistics reveal that most of these accidents were caused by age 16 drivers On average two people die every day across the USA in vehicles driven by 16 year old drivers. One in five 16 year olds will have a reportable car crash within the first year said ANON_NAME_1. USA TODAY Another point for raising the driving age is reducing the terrible impact on parents. Many parents have lost their children because of driving at 16 years old. Gayle Bell whose 16 year old daughter Jessie rolled her small car into a Missouri ditch and died in July 2003 said that she used to happily be Jessie's ride. She would give anything to drive Jessie again. Losing children in a car accident affects their parents. Those parents live in a difficult situation they miss their children and they regret their decision that allows them to drive early. Despite these reasons some people argue about raising the driving age. They consider driving at 16 ages a good idea for two reasons one is because teenagers need to learn to drive when they are still under observation their parents. In addition raising the age to 18 when teens have no supervision makes many events come together. At this age they are in college and at this age the desire to try alcohol starts. The other reason for an argument is parents feel inconvenienced when they have to take their children to school or any place their children want which will decrease the participation of children in many activities. Clark 2008 However after new research has suggested that there is a natural problem in 16 year old's brains negates control their behavior parents care has nothing to do with that. Even though they can control how many times their children can use their car and when they cannot control their decisions during driving especially when they drive alone. Therefore refusing to raise the driving age for this reason is not a rationale. In conclusion after reviewing these physical and social reasons which support the necessity of raising the driving age. After all the research also that explain why age16 too young to drive a car there is no reason to refuse to raise the minimum driving age. To save lives and reduce the impact on parents should be ruled that the driving age is 18. Bibliography Clark D. December 2008 raising the minimum of driving age from http ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_NAME_1 R. USA TODAY from http ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSITE_newsroom Research USA 20 TODAY . PDF
