Dear Sally After this semester I will take some trips. At first I want to go to Chicago and visit my cousin he is like my brother. He invites me to visit him and shares his living experience with you. Then I will go to New York and visit my college classmate. According my plan we will go to see Yankees game and see the pitcher who comes from Taiwan but he has gotten hurt and we don't have the chance to see him. After New York's trip I will visit my senior high school classmate who is studying in Penn State University now. Actually I want to contact more people and practice speaking my English. In the school the teacher usually speaks slowly and lets us adapt English speaking. I want to give myself the big challenge confronting the real English living. I think it's good for me. Besides I want to visit all my friends it's miracle that I can meet them in the U. S. A. I will come back Pittsburgh in September and start my new semester. I hope I will have a good trip. Best regard Shih hsien Last Name It's the essay which was written last Friday I don't know I need to write on O. S. S. Or not. The most important thing I learned the semester From perspective the most important thing I learned was using the different writing methods to write the essay. Sometimes our national language affects our thinking it restricts our style of writing and it was the neck of the bottle of my writing. Due to this semester I learned so many English writing methods it helps us to write the correct and reasonable structure essay. Sometimes writing something isn't hard but how to make your essay more convinced is not easy. That's why I think it helps me so much. Actually I think writing not only teaches me to write a good essay but also it helps us improve our English. When we study English we can't present my studying right away so writing something on the paper can help us to practice using these new vocabulary or new grammar. For example writing something on your paper and then you can talk over with your teacher or think over by yourself. Finally writing is a very important factor for your English studying and it's the most important I learned the semester.
