Dear ANON_NAME_0 Hello how are you Have you decide your vacation plan after this semester I have several plans in my vacation. I will visit two places and search information for my job hunting before the fall semester will start. The first thing I will do is traveling. And the first place is San Francisco. I will go there with my friend for about two weeks. Actually I do not why I chose San Francisco exactly but I would like to go to California. I had visited southern California once and I love it. Especially I like the scenery such as palm threes the beautiful blue sky and sea and scarlet sunset. Therefore I want to see another part of California. My many friends told me San Francisco is very interesting and unique city and I would love it. I am excited to go there and find something interesting or new for me. We will stay in the youth hostel to save our money. We might be going to share a room with other two people who we do not know. This is the first experience to use the hostel for me. I hope I will have new friends there. Now we are planning where we will visit in San Francisco. But one thing I am really sure is going to the beach. My friend and I want to see the spectacular Pacific Ocean. After exploring San Francisco we will have a big move. We are going to travel from the west coast to the east coast. The next destination is Orland in Florida. We will go there to meet Mickey Mouse. We are going to stay there about five days. If we had a car we would also want to Miami and other cities. But unfortunately we do not have it so we decided to enjoy our time with Mickey Mouse. The last thing I will do in this summer is searching information about the job during the trip because I will go to the career forum in Boston. This forum is very good opportunity for Japanese students in America to find a job many Japanese or international companies come to Boston and they provide us their companies' information and a chance to get a job. Therefore I have to prepare for this forum before my busy next semester will begin. I have mainly three big plans in this summer vacation. My trip plans include going to San Francisco visiting the Disney world in Florida and preparing for the career forum. I hope I get many an unforgettable memories in this summer vacation. I also hope you will have the enjoyable summer break after this semester. Sincerely Yurika
