How to Land a Job You are about to finish you studies or you finished your studies already and you are looking for a job. Finding the right job is not an easy task. I'm sure you want to burst into a challenging and meaningful career and in order to that you need to find the right job for you. The recent recession made it even harder the market is not stable corporate are downsizing and lots of them are not hiring any new employees. But you don't need to give up there are still a lot of good offers out there. You just need to improve your job hunting skills. It has been known that most job seekers suffer more from poor job hunting skills than from lack of opportunity. In this assay I will give tips that will improve your odds of landing a job. My tips are steps that you need to do in order to maximize your opportunity to get a job interview and even pass it. First thing you need to do before even looking for a job is to decide what is your direction. You need to make a rational decision what do you want to do For example if you studied MBA you have to decide what are the subjects in your field of studies that you are more connected to and want to gain work experience in this field. Once you decided what is the field you want to work in it is crucial that you will study about this field what are the job opportunities in this field What kind of jobs Are there a lot of companies that are hiring in this field If you still didn't finish your studies it is recommended that you will take more courses in this field. After deciding about the area of expertise it is important for you to see what are the companies that interests you and which companies have a job opening that interest you. You have to study about them. You must know everything you can about these companies. At the same time you are doing all of the above you should start working on your resume. Resume will be your next step. Resume is a self promotional document that presents you in the best possible light for the purpose of getting invited to a job interview. Good Resumes should include past jobs how you performed and what you accomplished in those past jobs. If you don't have any work experience it is important to write about your field of study the courses you took especially those that are most relevant to the work you want to do and of course your grads and what are your best qualities. When you write resume it's important to be focus on the job you are going to send your resume too you should be flexible and change it accordingly. A good resume is the most important thing because it is almost the only factor that will determine if the company will get back to you for an interview. Before you send out your resume it is important get feedback on your resume. Send it to your friends your professor family members to see what they have to say about your resume and change it accordingly there feedback will help you make your resume look better. Immediately after you finish working on your resume you should start creating network of people that can help you find a job. It is very important to create a network of friendly contacts that can hire you or recommend you to others who can. You can find this people through alumni list at your school I am sure you can find there lots of alumni that are working in a company that interest you or working in a job that you want to learn more about. Another way to enlarge your network is to ask friends and family members if they know people that can help you. One more thing that you can do is to find people through the social networks on the internet like Facebook Linkedin etc' you should send them an email telling them about your self and detailing your interest in the field and your respect for the person's position within it. Some of them will get back to you. The next step will be to write a cover letter. You will need a cover letter whenever you send a resume or application form to a potential employer. The letter should capture the employer's attention it should show in the best way who you are what have you done what can you do and what a benefit to the company you will be and of course you should ask for an interview. You have to write a different cover letter for each job you send your resume to because cover letter has specific information. O. K. Now you are ready to move to the next step. You sent out resumes you wrote great cover letters you made a great network of people that can help you and you are focus on your direction the phone calls from the companies should start coming by now and you should be ready for that as well. When you send out a lot of resumes it can be confusing sometimes a company calls you and it take you a while to understand who they are and what the job offer was. This is a bad mistake that can damage your chances. You have to make a list of every company you send resume too and in this list you should write the company name details about the company if you have someone you know that work in this company and of course the job offer. This will make you search more organize and will prevent mistakes when the companies will call you. Before you will be invited to come to an interview in the company you need to pass the phone interview. Phone interviews are often used to screen candidates in order to narrow the pool of applicants who will be invited for in person interviews. It's important to be prepared for a phone interview on a moment's notice. You never know when a recruiter might call and ask if you have a few minutes to talk Prepare for a phone interview just as you would for a regular interview. Plan on being asked about your background and skills. As well as list of question about all kinds of work related situation. It's important that your resume will be in front of you when you are doing a phone interview. Finally you are about to take the last step the interview itself before you are doing your interview it will be good for you to prefer your self to the interview. It will help you a lot if you let friend ask you questions and make you a mock interview. Practice make different and you will be more confident when you came to the interview. In the beginning of the interview it's important that you shake hands make eye contact and smile. Show that you are friendly and at ease with yourself and the situation. During the interview try to remain as calm as possible. Answer the question ask for clarification if you're not sure. You need to explain your skills abilities accomplishments and ambitions. Before the interview is over don't forget to thanks the interviewer and tall him again about your interest in the position and the company. Then follow up with a personal Thank you note. I hope this assay will help you in finding a job or trigger you to find a better job. Good lock.
