Learning a new language is a tough challenging because that is different grammar structures vocabularies and pronunciation our native tongue however do you know how many people are learning second languages. The answer is obviously so numerous. Currently are people asked for more than one language to get a job Is it needful I think it is not necessary but it will be a one of vantage. I'm one of the people who study a second language which is English . Still now I'm not good at English speaker but as my experience I will introduce you the steps that how to study a new language. It is not difficult ways. First of all I will tell a crucial point that is you have to have interest or purpose in languages which you want to learn. I have a rational reason that if you are not interested in that language of course you would not study or give up learning. For example I will tell the people who study English in Japan. Nowadays the English business is becoming a big industry in my country. Why do they want to speak English There are several reasons ' If I go abroad English is necessary all of the world even France' or ' If I have a ability of conversation I can earn good salary'. ' English is cool language'. The other example now a lot of middle age women learning Korean because they are crazy about Korean actors. They want to understand TV drama in Korean without the subtitles. It is sounds funny but this also reasonable reason to learn the language. As you know everybody has own purposes or motivations. This is the important thing because achieving the second tongue takes long time therefore before starting to learn a new language you have to think about your target or have a motivation. The second step I am going to tell about what people should do after starting the study. You should make native speakers friends in the social life this way is the most efficient method to improve the language. Form my experience even if you live in your country you can find native speakers. Now the world is becoming the melting pot everywhere you can see foreigner. But this is a point you ought to go specific places such as bars in which foreigners come. This is a real example which is comparison of two my foreigner friends. One of them he had been Japan for 5years as a business man. During he stayed in there he didn't go to school but he spoke very well. The reason was that he met so many native speakers friends at the social life. He acquired Japanese from his friends. He did not have a hesitation to mistake the Japanese. On the other hand the other one she had been there for 6yeaes as a elementary school English teacher. She went to the language school as much as possible and studied hard when she lived in there but she didn't have many friends compare to the other guy. At the weekend she hanged out same language speakers friends. My evaluation was the guy spoke well than her. Even though she stayed 1year more than he the skill of conversation lesser. This example is merely one case but meeting native speakers is a wonderful way. Not only can you learn the language but also you can acquire many culture local information. In addition your interest is going to increase. Some of native tongue might want to learn your language. You have to take advantage of this situation. The third step I recommend to go to abroad where your second language spoken. This way is probably the most successful to learn the language. If you go foreign country of course you have to speak and read that language every day. You might disagree this method because some people get a second language in their country just go to the school and daily work. However almost all people don't have a opportunity to use that. Surely going the overseas is not cheap way you spend a lot of money but you might learn a lot of things. Why do I recommend this way This is the reason that I used to go to the English school once a week when I was in japan. During the class I spoke just English but as soon as the class finished I started talk in Japanese. Then I asked my self 'do I improve my English ' ' is the school is a worthwhile ' I was just improve my reluctance to speak in English. Now I am in the US the first time I wanted to go back my country because I could not understand what people say or what sentence talk about so even if these were not important things I could not discriminate. Now I have accustomed to this environment but at first I felt daunted. Usually people go through the hard situations or hard experiences they build up a self confidence. Going the abroad is sort of hard for foreigners but people gain experience by practices. Those three steps are my suggestion to study a new language but there are several ways to learn that. You can find your own way to acquire a knowledge. This time I introduced efficient ways such as having a purpose or motivation making native speaker's friends and going to the abroad form my experience. Studying a new field is hard work but one thing you have to keep in your mind which is having a fun. If you enjoy studying you would be achieve your subject fast. If you concern about learning a new language let's follow this steps you might take pleasure in studying it. At the beginning I mentioned that recently a bilingual or multilingual is good benefit for your carrier also it is excited to communicate with foreigner. The world is going to be small if you obtain the second language.
