Recently the economy is not stable and that affects our life negatively such as unemployment and wage cut. In this situation we have to rethink our cost of living to eliminate waste of money in our daily life and get over this depression. There are many possible ways to eliminate waste such as walking or taking a bus instead of using a car saving electricity and trying not to buy expensive stuff. One of these possible factors is the cost of foods. The budget for foods is essential to live but from my perspective as a homemaker it includes an inherent possibility to save money. For example I sometimes go grocery shopping without planning what to buy exactly and decide a meal at that day or purchase the foods just because they are on sale. If I buy foods such an impulsive way it consequently causes the waste of money with many spoiled foods in the refrigerator and the shelf in my kitchen. Thus it is needed to reconsider the way to buy and manage foods of household and eliminate unnecessary cost of foods. There are important three steps to manage foods of household economically these are divided into checking foods in stock planning the menus weekly and buying foods reasonably. As the first step it is crucial to realize what kinds of foods you have as leftover and to stock foods properly in the kitchen. We have to check the food in a refrigerator and a kitchen shelf. At the same time we need to check the expiration dates of the foods or how fresh the foods are. Therefore it is important to acquire the way to discriminate between fresh foods and less fresh foods. For example fresh tomato has a green stem and tense skin and meat with gloss are fresher. Also we have to stock foods in a proper place to keep the freshness of foods. When we freeze foods we should freeze earlier as they are fresh. It is helpful to write memos to clarify best before dates when we stock subdivided foods in freezer. There are various useful containers and plastic bags such as Ziploc to stock food with dates. Such a little idea helps to manage foods efficiently. It is also helpful to make the list of the food not to forget what we have now. First of all we should never get any food spoiled. We have to finish all of the foods we have in freshly. The next step is planning the weekly menus of meals. In this step we have to frame the menus so that we finish cooking foods earlier which are the less fresh and with earlier expiration to cook fresh and delicious food as possible. By planning the menus we can decide what and how much foods we need to buy before we go grocery shopping and that prevent from buying excess of foods. In addition we can reduce the frequency to go grocery shopping. More often and more impulsive we go shopping more foods we tend to buy. This step may be difficult but includes attractive parts especially if we can enjoy cooking. It is enjoyable to generate our own idea of menus and coordinate a table without wasting foods. Even if using the same kinds of meat and vegetables we can arrange the way to use the foods and cook a various kinds of meals without having same meals repeatedly. Also this step would be helpful to prepare balanced and healthier meals by the planning menus in advance. Accordingly planning weekly menus is important not only from financial reasons but also health aspects in our daily life. Getting foods with reasonable prices is the final step. For this step we have to be careful about the information of various stores. In other words we have to check advertisements and coupons of different markets frequently. It is a useful way to get information by internet and we often can get coupons through just free online participation. Comparing the price of products is also the key to find great deal. Even if they are the totally same products many stores offer different prices. Also we should be careful the price per unit rather than prices of the products themselves. Sometimes rational ability is needed when we buy something. It is usual that we can get more reasonable deals if we buy a large amount of food. In this case buying a large amount of foods might be economical as long as we can keep the food for a long period of time. If we find a great deal at the point we make the weekly menus incorporating the sale products in the menu can generate more economical effect. However we should not buy foods just because they are on sale. It is necessary to shop wisely based on weekly meal plans. In addition we need to get foods with high quality as possible with reasonable price. We should not equate buying cheap food of low quality with getting reasonable foods. It is ideal that we can parallel the cooking delicious meals with better materials and saving some amount money by buying food well. Practicing these steps might be simple but quite difficult because it takes a plenty of time and work. We have busy life style today. However we have to make any efforts to get over difficulty of financial situation. Eating is everyday thing so the saving from these steps would not be small. Once we acquire these skills as our habit practicing these could become easier than we imagine and foresight of our economical situation of household becomes a little bit bright. Furthermore these skills help us when the economy is better too. We can save much more money and have a stable state financially. We could have money for emergency such as illness and dismiss or spend the money on a vacation. The profit from these efforts would be huge. However if we feel too much pressure to save money we could not continue these efforts of saving. Therefore one thing we have to put in our mind is trying to enjoy these steps to save budget of food without feeling too much stress.
