Who doesn't want to have a vacation Especially after a long and tough year. Taking a vacation helps us to feel refreshed rested and energetic. Everyone's vacation attitude is different. The word 'vacation' reminds of some people sun and sand others of exploring a new country or city others of snow and ski. Before planing a vacation we need to decide what kind of vacation we want to have and at what season we want to travel. For me these century's best invention internet makes more easy planing a trip in an every single details. Sun sand beach and getting a tan is an indispensable choice for most people. Having a vacation at a beautiful resort waking up early and having a breakfast at an open buffet going to beach and getting tan having watersports and swimming having a siesta on lunch time than again going to beach and also doing these aktivities whole week or more than a week make us more alive refresh happy and fit. After having a savory open buffet dinner going to a club or disco with friends is another option for the people who prefer this kind of vacation. It's not suprise having a little bid bad feeling after going to back home and work. Exploring a country or city is always more fun than everything for some. Seeing a new culture native dance and music feeling the very past history by walking into the old buildings and eating native cuisine give people a new aspect to the real life. Think about a person who lives only in home country or city and has never gone abroad before. Reading and watching can be also pleased to learn more for some people but not much as seeing. There is a word Veni vidi vici it's a classical and famous Latin sentence reportedly written by Julius Caesar. Only this word tells us what does it mean visiting a new country and city and what it teachs us. Cold weather keeps us alive. This kind of vocation is not fine for every people as the other options. By reason of extreme cold weather's disadvantages some people doesn't prefer going vacation to cold areas. Wearing winter and heavy clothes which makes movements slower than anytime and taking a risk to catch a cold or flu cause to lose people's desire. However this kind can give lots of fun and unforgetable moments like having winter sports having a talk in front of fireplace and drinking hot beverages. Being cautious before taking this kind of vacation like having a shot or vitamin can be more helpful. Whoever hear whenever there is a holiday or vacation it makes people's faces smiley. Everybody loves having a rest spare time for personal need but different ways. For some people staying at a resort helps them feel more energetic and refresh for some exploring a new country and cities gives them more vision and self confidence for some having winter sports and cold weather keeps them more alive. A common idea is this. Taking a vacation is fun !
