Do you remember the terror which occured on 9. Llth Because of this tragic disaster it is more harder for international students to immigrate into the U. S. Despite of this obstruction the number of international students is increasingly multiplying. They are trying to adapt to a new life but the students who are not native have a lot of problems. There are three main reasons why they feel pressure in the new country money cultural shock and loneliness. First of all most of the international students don't have enough money. In other words they can't afford to buy something they want. Someone thinks that it is natural international student is poor because they don't have the resources of revenue but they can feel relative deprivation in some special situations. Let's assume that there is a fabulous winter coat at the clothing store in America. When students see that coat they will think that the coat is more expensive than their home country's. Maybe they don't buy it To their disappointment a friend of them can buy it without hesitation. In this situation they become very humble. The second problem is the cultural shock. The differences of culture cause the students to feel indistinct fear. Because most international students aren't good at native language they are embarrassed when meeting a foreigner who is just asking for the way to restroom. Needless to say eating some exotic food at the foreign restaurant can be also pressure to the students. In short most students are very sensitive because they are staying in a strange place. The last pressure is loneliness. It is very hard for international students to make a new native friend. When I was in my home country there was a japanese student who lived alone in front of the university. Initially many korean students are interested in the foreigner. At the end of the semester however a number of korean students are reluctant to take care of the only one foreigner outsider. As long as all of the transportations aren't vanished the problems can't be completely solved. Then what should we do to alleviate these chronic symptoms The most effective solution I think is win win strategy . First if the native have the intention to help the students they can live more comfortably. Then the students given some affection by the native must try to make a good relationship with the native. By making this affectionate relationship we can take some burdens from international students.
