Pressures of being an international student Prewriting 1. Language communication fear to speak example 2. Money cost of living tuition hospitality 3. University admission evaluate Toefl other requirements for apply Write an essay Nowadays pressures are a part of every people's life. Most pressures come from problems of their life during that period. In my point of view if we talk about studying aboard there are three main pressures of being an international student. Those are language money and university admission. Language is the biggest pressure or problem for few weeks that all students have to face with. Those problems are about communication. Some students cannot speak because they never use other language all the time before. Although some students have a good grade in that language such as English they still have a problem with pronunciation. For example the first time I came to the United States. My friend and I went to Robison Mall. When we wanted to come back to Holiday Inn hotel I called the shutter bus of the hotel and said Can you send a shutter bus to pick me up at lo bin sion mall . Then the front desk hotel answered me sorry where . I said again lo bin sion mall . The front desk hotel answered me again sorry I don't understand. Where . Therefore I gave the phone to my friend. And he said Can you send a shutter bus to pick me up at Rob bin sion mall . Surprise! The front desk hotel understood what my friend had said and told back Wait about 15 minutes . Money is the second pressure. You should have a good plan about your money budget. The reason is certain countries have high in cost of living tuition fee and hospitality if you compare with your country's money. For example Dinner normally in the U. S. Cost about 15 but in Thailand cost about 2. 50. The last one is university admission. In this case I will mention on the university system in the U. S. Because it is the place that I plan to study. Most universities in the U. S. Use Toefl test to evaluate international students about their English skills. Therefore All international students have to pass the minimum requirement of Toefl score of university that they want to apply. The higher university rank you want to get in the higher Toefl score you have to get. In addition some universities want other requirement such as good in GPA or work experience. In conclusion sometimes language money and university admission pressures may make you feel upset sick or desperate. Moreover those feeling can also make your life collapse because you will stay in those feeling all the time and cannot do anything good. Therefore if you want a good grade for getting a good job in the future you should prepare yourself and a solution for those problems before you go to study aboard.
