No matter a person whose age is young or old the person always have to code with the challenges from the environment and tries to overcome. What a kind of situation will make you feel anxious if you are a student who study and live in a foreign country lonely above three months From my point of view the challenges which may make most of the international student feel pressures include 3 factors language culture difference and time. First the challenge is how to fluently communicate with native talkers in English. Even though English grades of some international students are assessed to a certain extent however English is not the native language for international students and the habits of native talkers are different from the life and academic aspects especially pronunciation and phrases. It often happens that the international students feel frustrated when they find that it is very hard to understand lecture or conversation of the teachers students and other native talkers Second the challenge is how to adjust one person's attitude and behavior with culture difference. There are 194 countries on the earth and each country has unique value customs and belief. For example Americans are used to say no directly because they think that it can save and show respect to other persons' time however it may be rude for Japanese or Greeks. Therefore international students will be forced to understand that culture difference and struggle to modify their behavior if they acquire good relationship and cooperation with people who are from the United States and other countries. Finally the third challenge for international students is how to manage their time. There are many unusual scenes and interesting place which international students want to discover and experience so people often spend too much time playing but not allocate enough time and energy to study. It is an important target to reach the balance between life and learning for international students. In sum international students are often forced to face and deal with the pressures which brought by language culture difference and time. Please try to request teachers' give up when you feel too tough to hang on. International students can develop a strong and independent spirit if they successfully overcome the difficulties.
