Welcome to the United States is the first phrase I saw when I went through the customs at the airport of Chicago. This September I became an international student in the United States. It's so much fun to be an international student because I know I can try to get along with the classmates who come from different countries and taste diverse foods in the United States. It seems so wonderful but there are also some pressures to be an international student such as language time and money problem. First of all language is the most important thing to international students because the main target we want to achieve is to improve our ability of English. When you try to communicate with your classmates but you can't speak English well you'll have the pressure of using language. For example if you didn't recognize the vocabularies your classmates mentioned or misunderstood something what your classmates expressed you would have frustrations and pressures about that. In addition time is also the cause of pressures. Some students just wanted to improve their English ability or planed to attend university or college later in America. If you can't improve your ability of English more efficient and faster your plan will delay and you will have to prolong the learning schedule in ELI. I thought no body wanted to be a student of ELI forever. The finally pressure is money because every international student has different background and not all the students have a rich dad or sponsor. If you want to study English in America you must have enough money to pay the tuition fee rent and other expenses like food entertainment and clothes especially the price of expense in America is higher than the international student's country and even you can't work in America when you're a student. In short language time and money are the primary pressures of international students. If you can't learn English better in the period you expected you'll need more money to study English in America. I hope all the students can catch up with the program and acquires the sweet result they want and also have a wonderful memory as an international student.
