Burgh Region International Student Missionary and tutoring systems etc. Second it is crucial to make friends. If you were a stranger where you are not familiar with everything how would you feel You might need someone who helps you and talk with you. Being reluctant to make a friend at first I made a lot of mistakes and I was so depressed. I could not know where I should go shopping and I stayed at home for a long time lonely. Furthermore I did not know 'tipping culture' and after eating dinner with my family I did not pay a tip the cashier asked me for tip. I was so embarrassed. Whenever I met neighbor they always smiled and said 'hello'. I was not good at this situation I did not know how I react to people. If you make friends however you can ask them how and what should you do and talk with them. Last go out into the community. You can meet many people and face lots of situation which you do not expect and you can learn a lot which is very realistic not abstract. When my family went to the North Park for kayaking my husband and my son boated without me. I was waiting for them at the bench there was an older woman who was also waiting for her husband and grandchildren. I cannot imagine that she might talk to me but it happened. At that time I could learn something which I did not know are you a chicken Furthermore I live in an apartment there are many parties such as egg hunting at Easter day a swimming pool party in the summer season Christmas party and Halloween party. I thought these events were for other resistance not me so I did not go any activities. That was my error. I should have gone to those parties and met my neighbors and experienced what was going on. Going out into the community was not easy for me at that time. Realizing that I try to go out into the community as much as I can. Studying a foreign language is a lot of fun and at the same time you can experience unexpected situations. Once you start learning a new language you cannot stop which gives you a feeling of accomplishment and self satisfaction. If you try to practice your skills more and more you may feel more comfortable and more self confident.
