Explain how to find the time for yourself during a busy day Due to the changing of the industry society the busy life accompanies so many side effects. Now the step of life is 10 times than the ancient age. So managing your time is more and more important. In ancient China people usually say time is like money but money can't buy your time it indicates that time is very precious. And people always complain about their time is not enough. In fact God treat everyone fairly everybody has 24 hours can be accessed per day. Some people can use their time well the others just exhaust their time and argue with their living. In my opinions relying on classify your chaos life using your time efficiently and changing your life attitude are the good ways to improve this. Have you ever thought the reason that why your time is not enough Obviously your life is out of the control. Based on this situation we can discuss this issue by two parts. First try to discriminate between crucial thing and unimportant thing. Don't think everything is your responsibility and try to eliminate some slight thing. Evaluating your ability and arrange your reasonable schedule. Indeed how to arrange your schedule is a knowledge which is very abstract but it's the good way to clarify your life. For schedule not only writing the appointment on your list you should ensure your agenda is able to execute. For example putting some buffer time between every appointment it ensures that you can face any accident which is occurred or putting easy mission at beginning it makes you easy to adapt your life. Second studying to trust people and cooperate with the people. From my perspective the busy people usually believe they can dominate every thing they have. They ignore that single person's time and ability is limit but the potential of the group is infinite. According to this concept one thing I want to stress is that making the reasonable agenda and executing this seriously classify your chaos living and try to cooperate with people creating the good working habit for yourself. Probably it's not enough to help you to find the time for you during a busy day but it indicate that we're adequate to control our time. After the successful first step the problem we confront is to use your time efficiently. It means the value of everyone's time is different and can be promoted. Generally we probably understand that efficient is usually corresponding to the money. For example different traffic transfer affects the time you spend in your trip. Balancing against time and money we should fine the good way which is suitable for you. In fact most people don't know how to use their resource well. They believe the treatment which is in his deep mind is right. The rigid thought forces them to waste so much time. Besides people believe working hard is the truth but I think work hard is the basic principle for your working working smart can be demonstrated is more important for time using. Depending on the tool and resource you can use you can use your time more efficiently. In the other word the key point for using time well is concentration. If you want to improve your efficient of your time manage focus on anything you have to do it helps you think completely and quickly. Probably you're proud of doing many works at the same time but reviewing the work you have done was perfect or not. I think the result would be terrible. The design of our brain isn't suitable to accept the multi instruction. Forcing yourself to do this is unwise. So modifying your working method and I trust the situation will be better gradually. Anyway when you concentrate on your mission don't let anything interrupt you and use tool as possible as you can acquire. The last aspect we discuss about it doesn't matter with time manage it's about your living attitude. The definition of busy means people exist under the pressure and exhaust your energy and can't cope with your life well. In this situation people feel nervous and anxious easily so the advice I propose is taking the vacation stopping work for a moment. I know it seem irrelevant about our topic but if we change the vision I have and think it over. Both are very associated it's like the cycle if you have the worst start how you can get the good result and you can't get rid of this block. We're conscious of the stuff of working makes people be the slave. Based on this circumstance try to stop working and let you breathe the fresh air. Changing your mind actually hurt your body for saving a slight time is stupid. Undoubtedly the best way to find the free time during your busy day is reserving the appointment with yourself. Taking exercise or reading the novel in this period it affects your quality of your life. Although these inherent advantages are easy to ignore by people but I believe it's the root solution to change your living. Actually how to find the free time during a busy day is one concept in other word the main idea should teach people how to adapt their busy life well I think create the balance environment is pretty crucial. In my opinions almost people don't know how to use their time well. First try to classify your life making the agenda and distribute your working reasonably. Second while you're working try to use the resource you have and focus on your job. It helps you to use your time efficiently. The last step is the most difficult point take a break and let your mind and body are able to restore. I figure taking the break is for the further future. In conclusion we can't avoid having the nervous society but we can adjust your step and to be the boss of your time.
