How to Plan For a Vacation Getting away and going somewhere new is a good idea to break the routine of everyday life. If we have a few days we should make a good plan to enjoy every minute in the trip. For me the traveling is the most exciting thing to do in my spare time. I like to travel but I don't like to plan the vacation. It takes much time and effort to make a perfect plan. I used to do three steps to plan my vacation. First of all I have to know who will travel with me. If my mom will go I wouldn't care about the budget because she will manage and pay everything such as tickets hotel meals entertainment's prices and the transportation. But if I'll go with my sister or friends I have to make a budget to control my expenses. So make a budget depends to who will go with me. Second. Choose the perfect time and the place to go. It's important to know the exact time to the vacation. I discuss the main things with people who will travel with me to know when I'll have favorable days. Also it's equally important to know where I will travel. I looking for the best offer on the Internet and make a reservation for the best package which is appropriate to me. I always use the famous and secure websites to plan the vacation because there are some websites I can't trust in their offers. Third I try to visit the most important monuments in the new place. For example when I travel to Paris I was curious to see the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe because I heard a lot of things about them. It was lke a dream to see them. I couldn't forget the first moment when I saw them. It was so memorable. It's really crucial for me to know more about the place that I'll travel to it before I go. Seeing famous places and special beaches or places can make my vacation the best one. In conclusion planning a good vacation makes my days more exciting. It needs effort to do it. I have to know whom I'll spend my vacation with. In addition I have to save time and money. Otherwise when I have the pleasant time with the people who I love I forgot all the worries. Do you have another plan to a vacation
