The Changing Role of Women From the beginning of the human history women always play a significant role in the community. In early society females were the symbol of life because they need to bear children and rear them. This is also why the earth is called mother due to its unique characteristic living begins. The role of women has been changed since the change of society. There are many factors that may affect the role of females in the society. The important factors are economy education and the rise of general position in the society. Before women were housewives. They start to be involved in manufacturing during the Industrial Revolution. Many industries were growing fast and they need more people to participate in the market. Thus women could work and make money and then they could live by themselves without men. Economic independent is the important cause. For example in traditional Taiwan society women must help their husband or family they couldn't or didn't need to work. During world economy style was changed one salary is not enough some families need double income to support their household expenses. Men and women changed their family role that is normal now. Education is the reason of women could change easy. In the past most women were illiteracy because their parents just support men to study without women. If a few women have chance to learn they couldn't go to school and only educated at home. Along with economy booming women are capable of accept education even high levels. According to a Taiwanese report in the university 60 percent of women have had the Master degree. Furthermore education changed the work form women can do any job such as pilots politicians or grand justices. The most important factor is the rise of general position in the society. Until recent decades women are tending to be treated fairly on job offers thus many females can acquire higher positions such as managers CEOs etc. One of the most successful females is Carly Fiorina who was CEO in Hewlett Packard. Before she became the CEO she didn't understand the industry . She faced the challenge and then she led Hewlett Packard to become the one of successful company in the world. In conclusion although some area of women still face the unequal treatment by religion or social culture. However the most of women have changed the role in her life. They can go to school and work even occupy the significant position like a president. Until now America has never had a female president. How about breaking the tradition
