The Impact of an Earthquake Earthquakes are natural phenomena that have been causing disasters in many countries where impact them. In recent years Asian countries have been most affected they are more prone to earthquakes for various reasons geological and volcanic eruptions. The impact of earthquakes can affect mainly on the death of people destruction of entire cities and the economy's down causing negative effects on the future of society. The death of people is the most terrible effect that earthquakes can cause. They occurred in seconds and people don't have chance to prepare for defense against it. When persons death affect directly the feelings and emotions of them making a terrible situation in the population. Furthermore people still live in the city affected try to rescue their families friends and neighbors also eventually died. The earthquakes affect directly in the destruction of entire cities. They are strong and destroy most of all the infrastructure of the cities. In some cases it can destroy buildings hospitals houses universities buses cars streets and highways affecting all material things possible. All of these natural disasters make very difficult the rescue of persons. Help usually is required of other cities even other countries as soon as possible some helps send helicopters ambulances food or everything that is helpful. After that earthquakes happen in the cities only awaiting a desert city where you will find everything totally destroyed and over. Many people die infrastructure has been damaged the shops are closed schools and universities there are no classes businesses are stops all this results in that the economy down. These natural disasters affect the economy severely because cities must recover and rebuild everything to function normally. In conclusion earthquakes are natural disasters that have affected many countries in the world. They occur with different intensity and damage some strongly and others without causing damage. These natural disasters occur without anyone expected but in my opinion people should try to have expectations at home to be prepared for any natural disaster.
