Learning a new language is a tough challenge because it has different grammar structures vocabulary and pronunciation from our native tongue however do you know how many people are learning second languages. The answer is obviously so numerous. Currently are people asked for more than one language to get a job Is it needful I think it is not necessary but it will be one of the advantage. I am one of the person who are studying a second language which is English. Still now I'm not good at speaking English but to my experience I will introduce you the steps that how to study a new language. There are three ways such as having interests finding friends and going Those are not difficult! First of all I will tell a crucial point that is you have to have interest or purpose in languages which you want to learn. I have a rational reason that if you are not interested in that language of course you would not study or give up learning. For example I will tell the people who study English in Japan. Nowadays English business is becoming a big industry in my country. Why do they want to speak English There are several reasons ' If I go abroad English is necessary in all of the world even France' or ' If I have an ability of conversation I can earn good salary'. ' English is a cool language'. The other example a lot of middle aged women are learning Korean because they are crazy about Korean actors. They want to understand TV drama in Korean without the subtitles. It sounds funny but this also reasonable reason to learn the language. As you know everybody has their own purposes or motivations. This is the important thing because achieving a second tongue takes long time therefore before starting to learn a new language you have to think about your target or have a motivation. The second step I am going to tell about is what people should do after starting the study. You should make friends with native speakers in social life this way is the most efficient method to improve their second languages. Form my experience even if you live in your country you can find native speakers. Now the world is becoming the melting pot everywhere you can see foreigner. But this is a point you ought to go to specific places such as bars to which foreigners come. This is a real example which is a comparison between two of my foreigner friends. One of them had been in Japan for 5years as a business man. While he stayed in Japan he did not go to school but he spoke very well. The reason was that he met so many native speakers at the social life. He acquired Japanese from his friends. He did not have a hesitation to mistake Japanese. On the other hand the other one had been there for 6yeaes as a elementary school English teacher. She went to a language school as much as possible and studied hard when she lived in there but she did not have many friends compare to the other guy. At the weekend she hanged out friends with same language speakers. My evaluation was the guy spoke well than her. Even though she stayed 1year more than him her skill of conversation was lesser. This example is merely one case but meeting native speakers is a wonderful way. Not only can you learn the language but you also can get many culture things local information. In addition your interest is going to increase. Some of native tongue might want to learn your language. You have to take advantage of this situation. The third step I recommend that going study abroad where your second language spoken. This way is probably the most successful to learn the language. If you go to foreign country of course you have to speak and read that language every day. You might disagree this method because some people get a second language in their country just go to the school and daily work. However almost all people do not have opportunities to use that. Surely going the overseas is not cheap way you spend a lot of money but you might learn a lot of things. Why do I recommend this way This is the reason that I used to go to the English school once a week when I was in Japan. During the class I had spoken just English but as soon as the class finished I started talk in Japanese. Then I asked my self 'do I improve my English ' ' is the school a worthwhile ' I was just improve my reluctance to speak in English. Now I am in the US the first time I wanted to go back my country because I could not understand what people say or what sentences talk about. Even if these were not important things I could not discriminate whether it was crucial or not. Now I have accustomed to this environment but at first I felt daunted. Usually people go through hard situations or experiences they build up a self confidence. Going abroad is sort of hard for foreigners but people gain experience by practices. Those three steps are my suggestion to study a new language but there are several ways to learn that. You can find your own way to acquire knowledge. This time I introduced efficient ways such as having purpose or motivation making friends with native speakers and going to the abroad form my experience. Studying a new field is hard work but one thing you have to keep in your mind which is having a fun. If you enjoy studying you would be achieve your subject fast. If you are concerned about learning a new language just follow those steps you might take pleasure in studying it. At the beginning I mentioned that being a bilingual or multilingual is beneficial for your career. Also it is exciting to communicate with foreigner. The world is going to be small if you learn a second language.
