The Benefits of Learning English In Korea A strong wind that is about English instruction of an early age is blowing between many Korean mothers. They say If our children learn English at an early age they can learn easily and get good pronunciation. So many children learn English despite they're so young as not to speak Korean well. What is the reason that many Korean mothers have their children do that It is because English is important for this generation. In global generation people live now Learning English in early age is connected to all age's people. That's why if they grow up they want to study get jobs and enjoy in their free time. People have very different dreams. They study hard so that their dreams can come true. Nowadays many people go to other countries that are developed more than Korea to study their major. Generally many people want to go the U. S. Because there are many different races and great university. So they can experience many things. Therefore many Koreans cannot help learning English. If some people want to study in other country they need to speak English for effective studying. People want to get a job after studying their major. The world is becoming wider many Koreans are getting a job on other country. Some people get a job in other country where they studied. Another people go on a business trip to other country. Even though they work in Korea they need to learn English. Because most companies require their staff to have good English skill for developing of company. So if Korean business people learn English they can get a job which they want and get a good position in their jobs. When people are older they retire from their job. Most retired people can afford to enjoy their life. So they often go to travel abroad. Some people travel abroad with guide who can speak other language. They cannot help traveling along a provided schedule. But if they can speak English they have funnier travels. Because many countries use English on an official language for foreigner who visits their country. If you were born in any country where it isn't U. S or U. K learning English gives you the more rich life. Many Korean effort to do English well for get the life from when they are little children. This generation become more worldwide. And the people who don't know English will be a babe in the woods. Although learning English is hard for people who don't use English as a mother tongue they shouldn't forget that is very useful for their life.
