Topic The Benefits of Learning English English started to be used more than a thousand years ago in Western Europe. Old English in the Anglo Saxon period was mostly used in the areas near England. However English has become the most popularly used language in the world now. It is the third largest language in the world after Mandarin Chinese and Spanish. Approximately 372 million people speak English as their first language and over 750 million people study English as a foreign language. As English becomes the first global language learning English as a foreign language is beneficial for people's future careers expending their business and their travel to foreign countries. People who learn English have more chance to improve their future career. First learning English gives more chance to get high quality education. Most universities which are ranked on top 50 of the world use English as their major language. For example Harvard University and Cambridge University as the top ranked universities in the world are located in English speaking countries the United States and England . Therefore learning English is the prerequisite of studying at these universities. If people graduate from these universities successfully they may receive a lot of job offers from many great companies and furthermore their English skill will be useful in their promotion in future. In addition people who speak two or more languages have more employment opportunities. Since most professional jobs related to travel international business and international organization require a good level of English people who learned English may have greater competitiveness than others who did not learn English before. Therefore leaning English gives many advantages to people who want to upgrade their career. Next learning English is essential in doing business and commerce all over the world. English seems to be used for world language in business for foreign trade. Countries that do not even use English as a primary language as well as English speaking countries use English for their trade business because it can be an easy way to communicate with other countries without translation. If people want to expend their business to all over the world leaning English will make it possible. Finally learning English makes traveling to foreign countries easy and convenient. When people travel to other countries they need to report their visits in an immigration office at an airport. The common language for communication with an immigration officer is English. If you can speak English you will pass the immigration process smoothly with no problem. Recently there has been very strict immigration policies after Sep 11 tragedy. If you can speak English the chance to be disadvantaged due to miscommunication will be decreased. In addition learning English will help tourists to get important information during the travel. For example most of information given in hotels shopping malls and tourist attractions are written or spoken in English. People who learn English can easily check in and out in a hotel negotiate price during shopping and read background and information on sign at the tourist attraction. Therefore people who travel to other countries can have big advantages of learning English. Clearly one of the biggest advantages of learning English is that it gives people an opportunity to experience more advanced world. They may have better future career expend their business all over the world and no limitations to travel around world by learning English. Because of all these advantages the number of people who want to learn English will continue to increase.
