The Benefits of Learning English During the last few years English has become a global language. This means if someone travels overall the world he or she will find most of the signs are written in English. Many people will benefit from learning English. The English language elicits a lot of advantages to different categories of people such as students workers and elderly people. The first category who will benefit of learning English is students. This means that the students will find more opportunities because of learning English. For example if any student wants to get admission in one of the best universities overall the world he or she should learn English first. Learning English is required to get an acceptance in one of the good standard universities like Harvard University or Cambridge University or such as. In addition to get acceptance in one of these universities you have to have high grades and achieve excellent marks in English particularly. The second categories who can benefits from learning English are the workers. It means that workers who learned English will have better chance to have a good job and good salary. For instance if you visit the biggest companies you will find the people who held the highest positions are people who speak English especially in a country does not speak English. The third interesting categories who will get benefit from learning English are elderly people. Usually the elderly people are retired from their jobs so people who speak English may use it to help them to enjoy their rest of life in traveling to different countries. As they become old elderly need more health care. Thus learning English will help them to find out the hospitals in the world. For example if an old man get sick and he can not go to a good hospital he can go easily through the internet and search to find it. In conclusion as we notice that the English language shows huge benefits to several groups as school students employees and old people. In my opinion learning English is one of the requirements in the next generation so I would suggest starting English teaching as second language in every where in the world.
