Topic How to teach the math to children. Teaching math to children is difficult process because children don't have much concentration. According to scientific statistics children's ability of concentration is only 20 minutes. It means they haven't focused on their subject more than 20 minutes so they need another attractions. Also some children have kind of stereotype that mathematic is very difficult and complicating to understand also they might think they don't have inherent ability about math. Therefore it is said that teaching math is hard. However there are three steps to teach math to children efficiently. It could help you to teach them. Firstly make the children interest about math. If they are attracted by math it will be easy to teach math to them. Children are easily interested in their environment that they live range form food to toys. You can tempt their interest in math using their atmosphere. For example you can coordinate a question like There were six cookies. Your sister ate two cookies then how many cookies are left Initially they are concerning about cookies because cookies are familiar to them. After they will acknowledge what is the question and what they have to work out. However the crucial thing that you have to know is that make clarify them. Sometimes children focus on only their circumstance therefore they don't know what they have to work. Make sure them why you are using their environment and what is the most important thing. If you use their atmosphere efficiently you will grip their interests and they will be ready to approach math. Secondly teach children in their eyes. It means when you teach them in their level they can figure out what is the math or the math' concept easily. They are just young children so when you teach them using difficult methods they will be tired of math. You can imagine their emotions for instance when you are sitting in auditorium and listening a difficult lecture which you had never heard before and the person who are teaching are using ambiguous words. Then do you want to listen that lecture constantly Probably you don't want to listen anymore. Children are same. When child force to complex and difficult situate they will gave up also they are just young kids so they don't have enough patience to stand than adults. Some factor of math is very difficult to understand for them. If the children don't figure out the math concept or questions you can make them easy for understanding. If you explain math in their level they will maintain their interest about math. The last step for teaching math to kids with effect is giving them challenges. Sometimes people are board about what we had already known. They need a challenge and adventure. When you ask a child what is the answer of '1 1' who have already acknowledged the concept of single digital addition he or she might be board. It is indicated that the child wants to know more difficult one like double digital addition. When you tech math to children it is crucial to recognize where your children are in level and decide the subject that are comparable with children's level. When they need more difficult one you can give them challenge and move to hard subject. Children have a lot of potential to grow up especially elementary school students have much so they need to be well educated. However sometimes it is very difficult to control them because the abilities of their attention and concentration on one subject are very short and some of them have a fixed idea that math is difficult. Initially you can attract their interest to math using materials or tools which could be found near children's environment. After you can explain the math as easy as the children understand. If the children understand math's concepts enough you can give them challenge to improve their mathematical ability. Teaching is rewarding job. You will see the change s of kids when you teach them and you'll be impressed. If you follow the steps of teaching skills you will get your target that teaching math to children.
