The changing role of women First I want to talk about a real story about myself. 23 Years ago when my mother was pregnant everyone who saw my mother said The baby must be a boy. So my parents thought I must be a boy. But at last the doctor said to my father Congratulations it's a girl. My father was so surprised and upset that he said nothing for there minutes. From my father's reaction we can know in China people prefer boys to girls. But in recent years this idea has changed a lot. Nowdays people treat girls equally. The role of women is changing from several aspects such as women's work women's education and women's daily life. First there are many changing of women's role in work. . Long long ago women were not permitted to work outside . If women wanted to work outside or wanted to make money in ancient time people would treat women strange and thought they did not obey women's rules. But it changed a lot in nowdays. Most of women can work outside whether their husbands can earn much money or not. The purpose of women's working outside is not only to make money but also to prove that women can d everything as men. So today you see many female are very professinal in their research field such as academic field or in government. Also there are much female leaders in enterprise today. All of these show the changing role of women in work. Second there are many changes of women's role in education. In the past because of many reasons most of frills could not go to school for study. There is an old saying in China It's best for women to have no knowledge. So because of this old and stupid idea girls could not go to school. There are also some other reasons such as economic reasons. But it really changed a lot today. The number of female in the university is the same as the number of male today. We can't image it in the past. Also more and more women go abroad for study. For me when I said I wanted to study the states my parents supported me immediately. So from all of these we can see the changing role of women in study. Third there are many changes of women's role in daily life. In the past people thought it's women's resbonsbility and duty to do all housework. If women can't cook delicious food and clean the house all people would thought it's the biggest failure of being women. Therefore we can image women in the past must be very busy and tired. Fortunately nowdays people change this old idea. At home husbands would help their wives to do housework. Even today some husbands get costurmed to do housework at home and their wives work outside. In conclution the role of women has changed a lot today. Women can work outside study as they want and there are a lot of changes in daily life. These are because economic and other reasons. I predict there must be more changes of role of women.
