English has become the official language in many aspects in our life. In communication entertainment science business and technology. For example people need at least to learn basic English in order to deal with computers. Since most fundamental programs and browsers usually support English. In addition English is the language of the internet world. For instance most of the famous websites are English such as facebook yahoo twitter. Another example is that most popular shows and movies are English. Learning English has advantages for people no matter how old they are or what position they are in. Learning English is beneficial for students workers and retired people. Learning English has benefits for students. It opens another world for them. For example students can expand their resources by learning English. Since academic English references are extremely huge. Students in all different fields can resort to them in their researches and papers. Moreover learning English has another advantage for students it enhances their chances to apply in any school wherever they want. In other words learning English is helpful for students in order to have a better future. Learning English has advantages for workers. It assists them to be successful in their career life. It increases their opportunities to get a decent job. English is a crucial requirement in most of the important jobs. Besides learning English helps workers to get improved in their jobs. For instance English can provide them with world of information. They can follow the last improvements in their field by reading or using English sources and websites. In short learning English supports them to go forward in their works. Learning English has advantages for retried people. As we know most people tend to travel after they get retired. Due to that learning English will be helpful for them in planning their trip understanding the instructions in airports and communicating with people in the foreign country that they want to travel to. Even if retired people do not have intention to travel abroad learning English is still worthwhile for them. Learning English is good for them to maintain their mental health. The medical researches have approved that learning a new language protects the brain and reduces the risk of Alzheimer's disease. In conclusion learning English has become vital in our life nowadays. It expands our opportunities in work education and our personal life. Learning English gives us a chance to enrich our knowledge and communicate with people all over the world.
