Writing Assignment Level 4Q Gyubin Kim The impact of the music on our lives When I get up in the morning I turn on my laptop and play jazz music. After I take a shower I dress myself and take my MP3 player with huge headphone. While heading to school I listen to rock music. At the lunch time I go to cafeteria with friends to have lunch and I can hear pop music from big speakers. After I'm done with classes I go to Starbucks and also hear jazz music from the speaker. I don't think my life cycle is not that different from your daily life. Everyday people like us hear music from everywhere. From infants to adolescents and adults we have no choice but to be influenced by great power of the music on our lives. Because my mom loves classical and jazz music I have listened to music since I was in her womb. Not only my mom but almost every mom listens to classical music because listening to classical music is said to have a good effect on their little children. A recent research suggests that classical music let children have a sense of rhythm and pitch an ear for music and power of concentration. For me I got influenced so much from the music when I was a teenager. I was easily moved by lyrics and tones. The reason why I easily took comfort from music is that I needed an escape from the stress and lyrics exactly know how I feel. Like my case it is considered common sense that adolescence is the most emotional period. It is not too much say that personal identity is built up when he or she is adolescents. That is to say music has a big power of influence especially to adolescents. What about adults Actually the influence of the music is also huge for adults. Adults are living in the flood of stress such as the stress from the boss a lack of money or a pressure of life. So music would help soothe their nerves as a work song. Sometimes it goes so far as to give the reason why they live. As I have shown although the influence of the music cannot be easily come to the front music has enormous power on our lives. During my life I got a great deal of influence from the music without awareness. At this point I cannot say music is just music but I would say music is a big part of our lives.
