Topic The role of the media in our lives. As technology has developed and has been invented there are lots of media in the world. Therefore media is a very important part of living in modern society. For example in my grandfather's generation there is not cellular phone however in my generation there are cellular phone which has various functions and designs. This cellular phone affect many parts of our living because people can contact other people in anywhere with their cellular phone. However any media affects to every generation positively but also negatively. Today's children compared with older generation were affected by various media positively and negatively. As there are lots of inventions time which children spend with media increase more than past. For example most of children watch TV which is included mass media. Children can get information or just enjoy and relieve their stress through the television. When children watch news channel like CNN or some channel related with education they can get some news and knowledge easily. However children can get negative influences since there is not limitation of contacting with mass media. Nowadays since most of mass media consider industry parts there are lots of unsound scenes. Therefore children who are not maturer can imitate the unsound behavior by watching TV. Like this media have both positive role and negative role to children. To adult in modern society dependent of media is increasing as there are lots of inventions. According to a recently released survey by Korean National Research Center more than two third surveyed adult mentioned that when they work they usually use media. Also they said that if they cannot use any media it is hard to work in modern society since when adults get information they use television or news paper or internet etc. Also they use media when they not only work but also enjoy life. Today as lots of entertainments are developed many adults spend their spare time with media. To old age media give both convenience and inconvenience. For example my grandfather who has not healthy body spends most of his time to watch television. Through television and radio he can know the situation of world and feel fun without boring. Also sometimes he use internet to contact other people or to play game. However since technology is often developed and invented it is hard old people like my grandfather to catch the speed which technology is developed and invented. Therefore some old age feel a sense of alienation. In conclusion as technology is developed and invented there are lots of media which affect all of generation positively and negatively. This media account for most of important parts to living in modern society.
