Nowadays the pollution is a big problem in the world. Pollution has become the sixth or seventh most serious problem in the world. People have started to become concerned about the effects of pollution. Many people and many companies are searching and creating new programs and strategies for avoiding pollution. Also the all governments around the world are trying to find a solution. So it is important to know what we are doing with our world. There are three kinds of pollutions Air pollution water pollution and land pollution. The effects of these pollutions cannot be good for the environment itself as well as for the people. The first kind is water pollution it has affected many people and animals. Water pollution is caused by throwing the garbage into a water environment. Some water pollution is done by chemical leaks and others by ships. Water pollution affects on us and it affects on marine life. Humans are affected by this process as well. People can get diseases such as hepatitis by eating seafood that has been poisoned. Water is our main source of our life. We need it to live we need water for almost everything and if we don't start cleaning up we will be in big trouble. The last defense of water pollution is water treatment. There are two main reasons for water treatment. The first one is to protect the public's health. The second one is to protect the water quality. The second kind of pollution is air pollution. The different kinds of car trucks on the street by day not only cause noise in cities but also damage the clean air. The air pollution can cause breathing problems such as asthma. Our environment is changing. The air becomes less clean than ever before. The temperature becomes higher the air in cities becomes hotter and water in oceans becomes warmer the effects of air pollution are a lot but the main ones are the ozone pollution. Air pollutions such as ozone nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide also have harmful effects on natural life. They can kill plants and trees by destroying their leaves and can kill animals. The third kind of pollution is land pollution. The factories throw on the land huge amounts of waste. Green forests in the past are being cut down for producing wood production or for new areas of land. Dirty water from living buildings damaged our land. There are many causes for land pollution. The main one is plastics. The reason for that is that plastics take four hundred and fifty years to decompose in the earth. Also many companies use plastic and people throw it on the land. The other main cause of land pollution is industrial waste. Many companies pour chemicals on the land. As a result from that some green areas turn back into dead deserts. Just only these things are capable to damage our world. In conclusion pollution is really a big problem in the world because it is causing nature dying and many different illnesses. People are creating new projects that will be good for the humanity. But if we don't be serious about these problems maybe in the future we will have more problems. So we need to try to avoid pollutions. There are many efforts are begin held for environment protection which are being started to protect the environment. But there is one more important thing which must be cared about we must stop causing harm to the environment by our environment actions before making any effort to protect it.
