The Impact of an Earthquake When I looked at the Cathedral of Learning for the first time my only thought was unbelievable . I couldn't believe such an old and tall stone building. In Japan we have many earthquakes and we can't build tall buildings with stone. Building architecture in the country where earthquakes happen often is very different from in the country where there are no earthquakes. Of course an earthquake itself has a deep impact. In addition earthquakes have many indirect impacts on our life. In Japan preparing for an earthquake is critical matter and it effects many aspects of our usual life at school home and work. In Japan children learn how to respond in the case of an earthquake in school. In my experience I had a disaster drill day every year from elementary school to high school. In this event students practiced escaping from school buildings and gathering in play ground. Sometimes we also learned how to use fire extinguisher. In addition we have to have special repairing works for old school buildings depends on building status. Figure 1 is one of the university building where I graduated from. You can see some steel frames in windows. These frames were adopted by a reinforcement work. This building had became old and weak. When I was a third grade student specialists evaluated this building and they concluded that this building needed repairing to prepare for a future earthquakes. Class rooms and laboratories had to move to another building for about one year for the reinforcement work. In home there are many things we have to do to prepare for earthquakes. At first we have to keep food and water for emergency because getting water and food may be difficult after a big earthquake. Figure 2 is a backpack which contains some foods waters and useful tools for disaster. Such kind of backpacks are sold in supermarkets and DIY shops. In my home we stored some bottled water and biscuits. Fixing furniture is also important way to reduce damages from earthquakes. If furniture fall over people by earthquake people will be injured or died at worst. Furniture become dangerous being when it would fall over people by earthquakes. Figure 3 is a popular equipment which is used to fix shelfs and cupboards. In my home we attached this equipment on a cupboard and book shelfs. If there are precious fragile things like year plates or antique china we have to be careful where we put them. Earthquakes may drop them down from shelfs. Earthquake Insurance is also popular in Japan. Earthquake insurance cover house damage by earthquakes. Although earthquake insurance is not so cheap about 22 percent of home are taking out earthquake insurance. Companies have another issues. To continue their business protecting significance resources from earthquakes is important for company. When I was working in a computer software company my boss sometimes checked a server machine room to confirm that all important machines are fixed in lack. Making backup of important data to other branches in another areas is not special thing these days. In my company I heard that their was a special team which was checking up how to restart business after a severe disasters. Moreover working people have a simple but serious issue. How to return their home. Sometimes I watched the TV shows which appeal the importance of checking route between office and home by walking. In general office is far from home in Japan. People use trains buses and cars. These transportation methods may be broken by a big earthquake. People have to consider how to return their home by walking. As I have shown possibility of earthquake affect all of our life in Japan. We have to consider preparation for earthquake for all time. Of course these preparations are not perfect. But considering earthquakes is a first important step to reduce damage. If you go to Japan please keep mind that an earthquake will be happen at any time anywhere.
