The role of the media on our lives We are living in mass media's flood every day. Media is method to communicate message created by a person or a group of people through some devices TV Radio web site blog UCC newspaper book DVD etc to large audience. After Julie wake up she turns on TV unconsciously. TV is talking about today's weather and what is it happening in her city While she is driving for going to work she listens to radio show program that she likes. In her office she checks internet news portal site for searching new technology and then updates information about of new products on the her company's website. When she is eating lunch she reads newspaper. She watches a DVD animation movie after work. She read a novel book on the bed before sleeping. Therefore media surround us and influence our lives widely. First of all media give information. One of major form is News . Everyone can get information or opinion of others people by News on TV or newspaper. We can repent and change our life style through being aware what is happening around us. For example if nobody know that melting of the arctic glaciers because of global warming. Anyone does not make an effort to reduce factors of global warming. In addition media give so many kind of information such as how to use computer learning foreign culture recipes of healthy food and so on. By acquiring useful information we can improve the quality of our life. Media record information about history culture philosophy art and so on include everything of a society. In the past people used printing materials like books newspapers. Nowadays by growth of technology we use computer memory device CD DVD internet UCC etc. And that media record and communicate huge amounts of information. Recorded information is conveyed to new member of the society or next generation by media. Through they accept advantage and modify disadvantage media can help to develop a society. Media provide entertainment. Magazine movie music etc. Contain a role of entertainment also. We use media in other to take a rest and enjoy our free time. First we use TV newspaper to relieve boredom. For same reason some shop provides book video movie TV internet service etc while their costumer is waiting. Second when we need to take rest listening soft music with comfortable position is very useful to release stress from our life. Media improve a quality of our lives and develop our society and give us pleasure. Media influence our lives widely by their various roles. Therefore we should monitor always that information is not distorted or monopolied by any person or group. As well as we must be acquainted well how to use media and search information.
