Every company have one common thing that is to monitor for the performance of employees. This is the way to know that they are hiring the right person or not. Though the employees are doing a good job they can still find ways to enhance their staffs to perform work even better. Have you ever thought about if one day you are a supervisor how are you going to monitor the performance of employees What strategy are you going to use You also might have a question in your mind whether it is fair or not to use your current way of evaluation on your employees. Ways in monitoring vary from company to company. However most of them have similar way to do. In case you do not know where to start or what strategy to choose. There are three basic steps that can help guiding you to do it in a more practical way these steps are monitor the outcome of the work look through the organizational arrangement and do the appraisals. To start monitor the outcome of the work is something very obvious that you can use to measure your manpower's work abilities. In another way you have to take an eye on your employees' work. You might assess their work from the completeness of each job. The completeness of the job is one of the measurements of employees' performance. For example if the job you assigned were done with a lot of errors it can be assumed that the staff did not put all of his her effort to do the work. This case is especially when the job was returned to be corrected for many times. Likewise in accounting department if the bookkeeper made several mistakes on the report and has been warned by his her supervisor then after the revision he she hand in the completed report that contains no error. This can show improvement that the employee has enthusiasm care to work and improve his her performance in a better way. Furthermore in every job not only that the employees have to work as what their supervisor requested but they also have to create something new that can make the job works better or show their initiative skills. If you monitor into this point you can see that the employees have a lot of desire and do their best to show their results and abilities. They want to assure you that they are invaluable for the company and also want to walk their way up to a higher position in the future. Next after monitoring the outcome of the work you also have to look through the organizational arrangement as well. This means that you have to involve the workforce in health and safety because these two things are related directly to the workers. If the staffs do not feel secure at work or if they are unhealthy this might cause them to work in a low productivity not showing their true performance. You need to see whether the company has provided enough health care and committed to provide safeness to the workforce. For example heavy industrials often have lots of pollution if the companies do not concern about health care their staffs are going to face a health problem and cause them lack abilities to work. The productivities will be lower than the companies' expectation. Furthermore a chance to allow employees greater opportunity to be involved in consultation or decision is also important. Arranging training is what you have to do. Make sure that you give them enough training to improve their skills and to broaden their knowledge. Not only that the training can personally help the staffs but also when the staffs have more skills and knowledge in return they will contribute their abilities to the company for giving them good opportunities. It is good to keep in mind that sometimes health and safety are causes that underlying the low productivity or low performance of the workforce. Lastly appraisal is needed to be done with the workforce that means you have to set to make an evaluation dialogue at least once a year. You have to make sure that the employees have their roles noted on their performance appraisals. This is a good chance for the supervisor and each employee to talk in detail about the performance good or bad and what are the circumstances that made the employees have low productivity or perform badly in their job. It is a good chance for employees to clarify themselves to their supervisor if they feel that the evaluation was not fair. Agreement on the evaluation result whether the staffs have any objection in some point that they seem to be curious and need more clarification regarding to the evaluation outcome. Career path for the staffs who performed their work well or staffs who have doubt on their career path and need to talk with their boss about what their direction should be and how they can achieve in their career goal. In sum it is good for a company to know how their employees perform in their job. However the company has to know how to monitor or evaluate their staffs' abilities. Monitoring the staffs' performance is good for both the employees and the company. The staffs will know what are their weakness that need to be improve and the company will know what to decided to do with the low performance staffs and the high performance staffs that can help improve the company's reputation and success. Look into the result of the work organizational setting and doing the dialogue can help to see whether the employees' performance are below the company's standardize or not.
