How to plan for a vacation. If you are going to have a vacation of course you would like to have a great time and to relax without troubles and problems. Now tourist firms offer the enormous choice of variants as and where to have the vacation. But anywhere which choice you will have you should have plan before you will leave to rest. The plan has to have three main points. First of all you have to choose where and what kind of rest would like to have next point is get information about that place and the last point is what you should take with you this point include necessary things and cloth. The most important thing in planning the vacation is decide what kind of rest you prefer. It can be spa or trip for shopping. Maybe you like such activity like ski resorts France Sweden or rafting and diving islands . If you prefer to visit historical places and have excursions France England Europe are for you. Also you can choose a calm rest. Just relax on the beach enjoying swimming or listening to sounds of the ocean. It is useful to know exactly where you are going to. Next important point is to obtain information about it. You should have as many information as you can. A lot of very interesting and useful things are on the internet. There are many websites about traveling with comments and opinions from people who visited different places. Also information and explanation from media for example from TV programs where is program participants give advices and share the impressions from the visit of different countries. Some programs demonstrate short films about that. One more point is to listen to recommendations and opinions of your friends and family. Ask people that are around you friends colleagues and acquaintances. Because official advertisement can demonstrate mostly good things but advice and information to your friends who already visited that place and really know about it are more reliable and can show both sides. You already decided where are you going to go for vacation. Also you have full information about this place. The last thing for the plan is to choose what you will take with you. It depends on climate of that place. If it is a north country you should take clothes which you will not freeze in. If it is rainy there it is better to have nice and comfortable boots. If it is hot climate light dresses and sun cream is useful. If you will go to a traditional or a religious country you should have special cloths cover clothes . For example in Moslem countries it is forbidden for woman to appear out side without scarf on the head legs and shoulders similarly must be cover. It is a very important point because if you will have all that with you and you correctly will use your budget and will expend the money just for fun. You have done a good job on preparing for vacation because you have made your plan. You chose a great place that you have been dreaming about. You know many things about it from media and advertisements you asked for advise your friends. Also you prepared all things that you really need. If you have followed this strategy it seems that you will have a nice time with a lot of fun. You avoid unexpected problems and cultural shock in foreign country by chance. Finally you will remember your vacation for a long time.
