Pressure to be an international student. It is widely accepted that a good education and knowledge at least one foreign language are factors necessary for getting a good job. What why thousands of young people leave their home towns and head on to the another countries to learn foreign language and to have been accepted to some university program. One of the such centers of international education is the US. People from all over the world come to USA for studying internship and working. Almost all of them say that it was greatest experience in their lives but in the same time they pointed on difficulties they encountered being an international student in the US. When you are asking about the pressure to be an international student they are talking about language difficulties about cultural shock about high tuitions and great expectation of their success from the parents some of them mention about visa problems and other legal issues some of them just feel lonely others simply can not to be used to new type of food or climate. When you study on the foreign for you language you are always start behind your native speaker peers especially on the beginning . Your homework takes more time compare to native speaker peers sometimes you can not express yourself on way exactly as you want especially in front of audience. For example in my first year abroad reading 1 page of textbook took 1 hour for me. Later it's became faster but first year was really painful for me in this meaning. Some students has difficulties in adopting to new culture and tradition and feels uncomfortable because of fear to be misunderstood or react on the improper way. You are exposed not only to American culture in the US but also to many other cultures as Asian Latin and Arabic especially in the campus. You should be very cautious and respectful talking about someone's culture religion and country in order not to hurt one's feelings. Legal issues and visa problem is another reason that international students can feel their selves uncomfortable. You should be successful in the school and pay tuition every semester without delay in order to maintain your visa status otherwise you maybe forced leave the country. Even if you overcome all this language and cultural borders you still can fell yourself lonely and this complain I have heard more often than others. It is not easy to make new friends in the new place. But students who live in the dormitory have more chance to make friend. Some students say that they miss their family because they can visit them only once in a year. It is obvious that international students meet more challenges and difficulties during the education period but overcoming all this troubles they gain experience that can be very valuable in their future life including professional life also.
