With the globalization devoloping fast exchange cultrue technology intellegent technicist has become a popular trend. No matter personal group or company most of them choose to study abroad to absorb advantages of different country. Nowdays students make up a high percent of people who go abroad in China. Even though to go abroad is a chance to challenge one's own ability to be succeesful needs to face a lot of pressures. Why do students want to go abroad Study is students' first task. Go to university fo international students is their promary purpose. Because english is not their language in many countries. Learning english is a hard word to do. In order to ge college admission students suffer prssures also from parents and friends. Parents considered their child's age. Child should save time to learn english. For student self they usually compare with their friends. They worried how fast they can go to a good university as others. Besides the TOEFL score a good university also requires SAT for a bacholor degree. Master degree needs TOEFL and GRE or GMAT. SAT and GRE are also difficult for an english speaker. Obviously to see how hard it is for an international student. Because of the global economy crisis many countries such as the USA canceled scholorships for undergraduate international students. Study expense needs to concered. Intenational students pay more money than American citizens. Rate of exchange money among many countries have big disparity. As a result foreiger study in USA requires more money. Study fee have third times higher. Normally people should prepare english one year if they want to study abroad in a good universiy. Time makes international students depress. To pass English exam is not easy business. Expense is high save time become a direct way to save money. Especially when the pressure from parents comes. On the other hand students also don't want to become when they are entering a university. So most of them will save time to graduate in three years. These students carn credits as much as they in each semester. Pressures makes people nervous. Students need to relax when they have free time. If international students can dal with their pressures it also can be a propulsion for them to achieve their objetives.
