Divorce Causes Nowadays in Saudi Arabia we notice a lot of divorce in the society. If you watch the television or read the newspaper you will surprise how much there are divorced cases. Scientist found that there are several causes of divorce such as education gab age difference and getting married from different cultures. The first important reason is education gab. Although there are a lot of educated people but still there are some people are not fully educated because of either money situation or they have some special problems. So scientist discovered that this gab might lead to misunderstand each other. For example one of them is thinking about further education while the other does not know what he or she talks about. Thus if it continues they will have a lot of misunderstand which may lead to divorce. The second cause is age difference. In Saudi Arabia culture it is well known that there is an early marriage which may lead to divorce. If someone is old and the other is young the equivalency between him and her is missed. For instance an old man gets married from young lady. This means this old man cannot achieve the lady requirements in different levels such as sexual intersection as the scientist found. The third reason is the differences between cultures. Again may be only in some cultures the differences between it may lead to divorce. It is obvious in Saudi Arabia that culture difference makes a role in divorce. For example Saudi Arabia has different geography. Thus people in the north are different from the people in the south in terms of the way how they think and what they believe or not and so. It means that may be in the future one of the couple like to do something in his way while the other wanted in another way that may cause some conflict between them. In conclusion many divorce cases happened in Saudi Arabia due to some reasons behind based on Saudi researcher like schooling difference age varieties and marriage from other culture. Scientists are expecting a lot of changes by some marriage educational programs and people will be aware of divorce harmfulness.
