The effects of the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games 2008 is a very special year for China because in 2008 China held the Beijing Olympic Games. It is a so exciting thing for all the Chinese people. As you know we had the dream of holding Olympic Games for more that 100 years. Also we applied for the 2000 Olympic game . But because of many reasons we lost. All of the people of my country felt sad at that time. But we never gave up . At last we got the chance to hold 2008 Olympic game. So this has much affects on my country. It made more foreigners from all over the world know China and stimulated China's economy also more Chinese people feel more pride of our country. First 2008 Beijing Olympic Games made the world know more about China. Before it maybe some people had misunderstanding of today's China's suiation. They may thought China was the same as 100 years ago . During Beijing Olympic Games people from all over the world came to Beijing. They saw and experienced much during they stayed at Beijing. Also the beautiful Olympic buildings attracted them. Foreigners may also felt culture of Beijing by themselves and I think these experiences let them know today's China is so different that they will become more interested in China's culture and history. This gives more opportunities for China to get involved in the world. Of course more foreigners are learning Chinese now. Second obviously Beijing Olympic Games stimulated China's economy. Because many visitors came to Beijing during hat time and they consumed a lot. So this is stimulated China's economy. The Olympic Games have created 1. 8 Million new jobs across all the industries of which more than 370 000 posts were created in 2008. According to experts' predictions from 2004 to 2008 the Beijing Olympic Games contributed 105. 5 Billion yuan 13. 4 Billion US dollars to Beijing's GDP. Therefore China's economy benefited much from the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. Third Chinese people felt more pride of our country after the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. Before because of many reasons some of Chinese people sometimes had many disagreements with government's policies. They sometimes felt disappoint of China. While after the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games Chinese people have seen government's hard work and their abilities. So they are confident of China again now This confidence made them work more hard because they think they should attribute themselves for our great country. In conclusion the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games have many affects on China. The 2008 Beijing Olympic Games not only effect on China's economy but also effect on foreigners' opinions of China. So this is a seminal event of China.
