How to Land a Job You are about to finish your studies or you have finished your studies already and you are looking for a job. Finding the right job is not an easy task. I'm sure you want to burst into a challenging and meaningful career and in order to do that you need to find the right job for you. The recent recession has made it even harder the market is not stable corporations are downsizing and lots of them are not hiring any new employees. Despite this you don't need to give up there are still a lot of good offers out there. You just need to improve your job hunting skills. According to Terry Mullins PH. D dean of the school of business administration at the University of Evansville in Indiana it has been known that most job seekers suffer more from poor job hunting skills than from lack of opportunity . In this essay I will provide tips that will improve your odds of landing a job. My tips are steps that you need to follow in order to maximize your opportunity to get a job interview and to successfully pass the interview. The First thing you need to do is to decide what is your direction. You need to make a rational decision what do you want to do For example if you earned an MBA you have to decide what are the subjects in your field of study that you are more connected to and want to gain work experience in thus subjects. Once you have decided what the field you want to work in is it is crucial that you study about this field and find out what are the job opportunities in this field What kind of jobs Are there a lot of companies that are hiring in this field If you still haven't finished your studies it is recommended that you take more courses in this field. After deciding about the area of expertise it is important for you to see what companies interest you and which companies have a job opening that interest you. You have to learn about them. You must know everything you can about these companies. While doing all of the above you should start working on your resume. According to Yana Parker ANON_URLSITE_a resume is a self promotional document that presents you in the best possible light for the purpose of getting invited to a job interview . Good Resumes should include past jobs how you performed and what you accomplished in those past jobs. If you don't have any work experience it is important to write about your field of study the courses you took especially those that are most relevant to the work you want to do and of course your grades and what your best qualities are. When you write a resume it's important to be focused on the job you are going to send your resume to. You should be flexible and change your resume accordingly. A good resume is highly important because it is practically the only factor that will determine if the company will get back to you for an interview. Before you send out your resume it is important get feedback on your resume. Send it to your friends your professor and your family members to see what they have to say about your resume and change it accordingly. Their feedback will help you make your resume better. Immediately after you finish working on your resume you should start creating network of people that can help you find a job. According to Terry Mullins it is very important to create a network of friendly contacts that can hire you or recommend you to others who can . You can find these people through alumni lists at your school. You can find there lots of alumni who are working in a company that interest you or working at a job that you want to learn more about. Another way to expand your network is to ask friends and family members if they know people that can help you. One other thing that you can do is to find people through the social networks on the internet like Facebook and Linkedin. You should send them an email telling them about yourself and detailing your interest in the field and your respect for the person's position within it. Some of them will get back to you. The next step will be to write a cover letter. You will need a cover letter whenever you send a resume to a potential employer. The letter should make the employer notice you. It should show in the best way who you are what you have done what you can do and what an asset to the company you will be. Of course don't forget to ask for an interview. You have to write a different cover letter for each job you send your resume for because a cover letter should have company specific information. Now you are ready to move to the next step. You sent out resumes you wrote great cover letters you made a great network of people that can help you and you are focused on your direction. Phone calls from companies should start coming in by now and you should be ready for that as well. When you send out lots of resumes it can be confusing sometimes. A company calls you and it takes you a while to understand who they are and what the position was. This is a bad mistake that can damage your chances. You have to make a list of every company you sent resume to and in this list you should write the company name details about the company whether you know someone who work in that company and of course a description of the position. This will make your search more organized and will prevent mistakes when companies call you. Before you will be invited to come to an interview at the company you need to pass the phone interview. According to Alison Doyle ANON_URLSITE_phone interviews are often used to screen candidates in order to narrow the pool of applicants who will be invited for in person interviews . It's important to be prepared for a phone interview on a moment's notice. You never know when a recruiter might call and ask if you have a few minutes to talk. Prepare for a phone interview just as you would for a regular interview. Prepare to answer questions about your background and skills as well as questions about all kinds of work related situations. It's important that your resume be in front of you when you are doing a phone interview. Finally you are about to take the last step the interview itself. Before interviewing it is recommended that you prepare yourself for the interview. It will help you a lot if you have your friend ask you questions and give you a mock interview. Practice makes a difference and you will be more confident when you come to the interview. In the beginning of the interview it's important that you shake hands make eye contact and smile. Show that you are friendly and feel comfortable with the situation. During the interview try to remain as calm as possible. Answer the questions and don't be shy to ask for clarification if you're not sure. You need to explain your skills abilities successes and plans for the future. Before the interview is over don't forget to thank the interviewer and tell him again about your interest in the position and the company. Then follow up with a thank you email. I hope this assay will help you in finding a job I gave you all the tools now you are on your own. Good luck.
