The FARC Guerilla Effect in My Country Colombia The FARC revolutionary armed forces of Colombia in Spanish are a guerrilla movement that was created in the 1960 in Colombia. Initially their purpose was to install a communist regime in Colombia but their goal changed with time and they started to cultivate cocaine and drugs in different areas using this industry to finance their organization and purchase weapons. With time the drug business was more and more lucrative for them consequently they grew in more areas of Colombia. The guerilla is a significant problem to Colombians and it is the cause for many sad problems in my country such as violence kidnapping and drugs. First of all the FARC is the main generator of violence in Colombia. They used to kill or force innocent people in rural areas to leave their farms and use this territory to grow cocaine plants. When the people were forced to leave their homes in rural areas it was usually people that had owned the land for many years. This people who initially had a normal lifestyle using the farms to cultivate fruits or vegetables were forced into poverty. The guerilla used to arrive to the farms suddenly with weapons and force the people to leave their place many times only with what they had on. This people would lose everything including their opportunities and they would have no other choice than to leave the towns and migrate to a bigger city without money or home without nothing!. If the people didn't want to leave their territory the Guerilla would intimidate and even kill some people and in some cases violate the woman and occasionally they killed entire families! They also did terrorist attacks in some cities and towns consequently they injured people soldiers children and infrastructure. The guerilla also started to kidnap for financing. The would initially ask money to people with resources so they would have to pay significant ransoms and if they denied to pay the guerilla kidnapped one member of the family. It didn't matter if they were children old or sick people. The guerilla took the people to the jungle without healthcare or food without a place to live and they would treat this people very poorly until the family paid the money. Some families went into bankruptcy because they were asked to pay big amounts of money. Then the guerilla stared to kidnap politics they said that they would do a humanitarian interchange but this has also been a lie. Fortunately all the violence and kidnapping has changed in the past 8 years with the current president who has changed many of this by making the government reach all this areas and make the guerrillas go deep into the jungle. With respect to the drugs they cultivate cocaine in the jungle and they use that to obtain money. As a result they buy more weapons to kill innocent people kidnap and do violent things. They export the drugs to Europe and the United States and this money also contributes greatly to the violence and our government has worked very hard to extinguish the cocaine plantations and many good people have died trying to stop this. Obviously they obtain big money with this business and they still take farms of innocent people and they become more rich and the poor people become more poor. For me and for all Colombians this doesn't make any sense. There are various consequences of the FARC presence in my country. With our current president Alvaro Uribe all of this has been improving and now we can travel in my country without fear and the number of displaced people is decreasing and the terrorist attacks have decreased. On the other hand the guerilla has gone to many other countries to explain their politics and some people even believe in them! But the foreign people don't know how many tears have been shed by the acts of the guerilla in Colombia. It is a sad story because my country is very beautiful and full of many good people smart and good workers. So if one day you hear about Colombia and bad news don't think that all people are drug dealers or bad people the good people are many more. Everyone who goes to Colombia always wants to stay or come back because people are very friendly and my country is the most beautiful lovely and best country in the world.
