Shenyang My Hometown and Pittsburgh More Similarities Than Differences I have been in Pittsburgh the only American city I've ever lived in for about one year. In the past year a question like 'Do you like Pittsburgh ' is a frequent topic between locals and me whether we met each other in the street or at a party. This is not a thought provoking question. I always answer 'Something's good Something's not I like it. ' Based on my familiarity with this city in a short time. 'Good or not' in fact is the result of my comparing Pittsburgh to another city Shenyang my hometown in China. Although I lived in Shenyang much longer than I did in Pittsburgh I love both cities. Both cities have more in common than differences in such aspects as sports economy climate etc. The two cities seem they know each other like brothers. First both cities are famous for sports in their countries respectively however the sports are different. As we know Pittsburgh is a sports city with two championship trophies football and hockey. Similar to Pittsburgh Shenyang is a sports city. But Shenyang is well known as a soccer and athletic city in China. Like the Steelers and the Penguins in Pittsburgh the local teams of Shenyang won lots of national championships. Also almost everyone likes football or hockey in Pittsburgh. Citizens dress assorted team clothes on game days whether they go to the stadium or not which is like a festival. Likewise not only are the local teams strong but also residents in Shenyang like sports even other cities' fans appraised Shenyang soccer fans be the most professional ones in China. It is hard to say which city is better at sports. Second both cities with different contemporary industries share similiar history characteristics in economy and Pittsburgh goes ahead of Shenyang. Both cities are historically industrial cities. Pittsburgh was a steel city approximately 50 years ago while Shenyang was called the Base of Heavy Plants in China at the same time. Both of them played crucial roles in their countries' development in history respectively. But right now they both changed. Pittsburgh is a successful transformative city whose main economy is relying on healthcare technology and education now. Compared with Pittsburgh Shenyang started later than Pittsburgh in economic transfomation and now Shenyang is economically developing as a travel culture and education city. Pittsburgh is a precursor with more economic aggregate comparing to Shenyang from which Shenyang could learn a lot. Third both two cities share the same continental climate however they are slightly different in summer and winter. Since both cities are geographically in similar latitude in the north hemsphere and in continents away from oceans they both have obvious four seasons in one year. More than this Pittsburgh's temparature ranges from 15 h olmid in Pittsburgh than that in Shenyang in summer despite the same precipitation. Also it is a little snowier and windier in Pittsburgh than those in Shenyang in winter. Therefore it is not difficult for a person from Shenyang to adapt to Pittsburgh's weather. Two cities are in different hemspheres with 12 hour jet jag and they parallel never meet each other with totally different culture different native languages etc. They however have so many in common. Maybe this is coincident. We would probably obtain more similarities or differences between these two cities from further comparisons. But the three aspects above are enough for us to draw a conclusion Pittsburgh and Shenyang are like brothers in many respects.
