In the past few months since I came here to the U. S I found out that there are only two restaurants I like which was the Chinese Panda and the K. F. C restaurants. I knew I had a difficult decision to make when I felt hungry. Although I had talked to friends and my girlfriend who had eaten in both restaurants and visited often I couldn't decide because they were both the same. It was only after I compared the location cost and quality of food the two restaurants that I could finally come to my decision to eat at the Chinese Panda restaurant. The first thing I considered was the location. First of all both restaurants are located in Irwin where I am staying. But that is where the similarities end. The Chinese restaurant is twenty minutes away from my house. However the K. F. C restaurant is fifteen minutes in distance to walk. Even though the Kentucky fry chicken is closer logically safety is crucial when it comes up in my evaluation according to a position. The Chinese is setting in a safe suburb is definitely more secure than K. F. C location in a dangerous traffic on the main road. Secondly No matter how interested I like a restaurant food cost is always a problem. The Kentucky fry chicken is cheap as well as the Chinese Panda restaurant. In terms of calculation the Chinese restaurant is cheaper contrasted with the K. F. C. For example at the Chinese restaurant you can order a food that contains a lot of vegetables and meat but at the Kentucky restaurant you can order a chicken with fries and you have to pay an extra for a side of salad. The more side you wants the more money you have to pay. Finally Food should always go together with the tastes and the qualities. The Panda restaurant provides tasty food similar to the K. F. C. According to a nutrition theory the Kentucky fry chicken is less healthy than the Chinese Panda. For example the Chinese restaurants food has the consumption of vegetables which consist of vitamins which is useful to the body. Contrasted with the K. F. C which has lest vitamins in their food and high in proteins and carbohydrates. The Kentucky fry chicken likes to serve their chickens legs with the skin while the Chinese Panda does the opposite. In conclusion Choosing a restaurants is vital in many ways before you come up with a satisfying decision. Not because I don't like the Kentucky fry chicken food but because of the aspects result in location cost and quality of food influence me to chose the Chinese Panda. In my opinion in order to live longer safety and stay healthy is the key . But one of the theory said prevent is better than cure . The choice is yours.
