Every company has one common thing that is to monitor the performance of employees. This is the way to know whether they are hiring the right person. Though the employees are doing a good job they can still find ways to enhance their staffs' work performance even more. Have you ever thought that if one day you are a supervisor how are you going to monitor the performance of employees What strategies are you going to use You might also have a question in your mind what would be the best way to evaluate employee performance. Ways to monitor vary from company to company. However most of them are very similar. In case you do not know where to start or what strategy to choose there are some basic steps that can help to guide you in a more practical way. These steps are monitor the outcome of the work safety arrangement staff training and do appraisals. To start monitoring the outcome of the work is something very obvious that you can use to measure your manpower's work abilities. In other words you have to keep an eye on your employees' work. You might assess their work from the completeness of each job. The completeness of the job is one of the measurements of employees' performance. For example if the job you assigned was done with a lot of errors it could be assumed that the staff did not put all of his effort into the work. This is especially the case when the job was returned to be corrected many times. For example if the bookkeeper who made mistakes and had been warned by his supervisor several times eventually handed in a complete report with no errors this shows an improvement in his performance. The employee has enthusiasm caring about his work and improving his performance. Furthermore in every job not only do the employees have to do the work as their supervisor requested but they also have to create something new that can make the job better or show their initiative skills. If you monitor this point you can see that the employees have a lot of desire and do their best to show their results and abilities. They want to assure you that they are invaluable to the company and also want to climb their way up to a higher position in the future. Next after monitoring the outcome of the work you also have to observe the company's safety arrangement as well. This means that you have to involve the workforce in health and safety because these two things are related directly to the workers. If the staff does not feel secure at work or if they are unhealthy this might cause them to work at a low productivity not showing their true performance. You need to see whether the company has provided enough health care and is committed to provide safety to the workforce. For example heavy industries often have lots of pollution. If the companies are not concerned about health care their staff is going to face health problems and may cause them to be unable to work. This productivity will be lower than the companies' expectation. Furthermore arranging training is what you have to do. Make sure that you give them enough training to improve their skills and to broaden their knowledge. Not only can the training personally help the staff but also when the staff have more skills and knowledge in return they will contribute their abilities to the company for giving them great opportunity. Management should keep in mind that sometimes health and safety are causes underlying the low productivity or low performance of the workforce. Lastly appraisal of the workforce is needed. That means you have to make an evaluation dialogue at least once a year. You have to make sure that the employees have their roles noted on their performance appraisals in order to guage their progresses. This is an opportunity for the supervisor and each employees to talk in detail about the performance and what the circumstances are that caused the employees to have low productivity or to perform badly in their job. It is a chance for employees to clarify the results of their performance to their supervisor if they feel that the evaluation was not fair further discuss the career path what their direction should be and how they can achieve in their career goals. In sum it is important for a company to know how their employees perform in their job. However the company has to know how to monitor and evaluate their staffs' abilities. Monitoring the staffs' performance is essential for both the employees and the company. The staff will know what their weaknesses that need to be improved are while the company will know what to do with the low performance staff and the high performance staff that can help improve the company's reputation and success. Assessing the result of the work and conducting the appraisal can help identify whether the employees' performance are below the company's standard which together will improve company's performance as a whole.
