My hometown Daegu is the fourth largest city in South Korea after Seoul Busan and Incheon. People are a little conservative but most people are kind and favorable to foreigners and people from other provinces. Now I have been staying here over one year in Pittsburgh and have found several common things and also differences between my hometown and Pittsburgh. Even though I can overcome homesickness about my hometown several differences make me prefer to live in Daegu. To state the main differences three things can be said climate transportation and food between Daegu and Pittsburgh. First of all geographically Daegu sits in a basin surrounded by low mountains. This geological feature makes Daegu trap hot and humid air in summer. Similarly in winter cold air lies in the basin. Therefore Daegu has a humid subtropical climate. Pittsburgh is also surrounded by a lot of mountains and has three rivers which are Allegheny River Monongahela River and Ohio River. Also most people think that Pittsburgh is a humid subtropical zone because Pittsburgh lies at the northern tip of the zone. Although both of two cities have same humid subtropical climate winter in Pittsburgh is much longer colder and snowier than that of Daegu. Another difference is that Pittsburgh has the much shorter spring and fall than Daegu. Because I dislike not only cold weather but also short spring and winter these differences make me miss the climate of Daegu. Secondly Daegu has the various and convenient transportations and systems that most people would like to use the public transportation. Most of bus stops have an electric board that let people conveniently know the schedule about all bus lines. Our subway connects the end of south area to that of north area and also the end of east area to that of west area. In addition to these transportations because there are a lot of taxies in case that people are busy they can use taxi easily without calling or waiting for them. Pittsburgh also has several transportations including the public bus the taxi and the subway. However the bus schedule is a little long. For example there is only one bus that is run from my place to the airport and the bus comes every 30 minutes. Just a few taxies are found and the subway is just restricted to use. Even though Daegu and Pittsburgh have the same transportation I think that the transportation system of Daegu is better than that of Pittsburgh in that I can use the various transportations conveniently. Finally both of Daegu and Pittsburgh have diverse professional teams. Daegu is a hometown of Samsung Lions which is one of the greatest baseball pro teams in Korea. Also Daegu has a professional soccer team and a basketball team. These three teams are still very strong and famous teams. Although Daegu and Pittsburgh have a similar point in that both of cities have various professional teams Pittsburgh has the Steelers which is one of the best football teams in the United States. The Ice hockey team is also famous and represent in Pittsburgh. Even though I like most of sports I am not still interested in the football and ice hockey because I don't understand the rules of game. There is another difference. For example our baseball team uses the strategy of a small ball while most of Major League Baseball teams use that of a big ball. A small ball which is a manufactured run makes me more interested in game than a big ball. In conclusion both of two cities have some similarities and differences in the climate the transportations and sports. There are three reasons that make me love and miss my hometown although I really love and like Pittsburgh and its people. The winter of Daegu is much shorter warmer and a little snowier that that of Pittsburgh. Daegu has more convenient transportation system and the fare for transportation is much cheaper than here. In the part of sport our sport team has own style and strategy that let people watch the game. Therefore I prefer to live my hometown Daegu.
