Learning a new language is a tough challenge because it has different grammar structures vocabulary and pronunciation from our native tongue. However do you know how many people are learning second language The answer is obviously many. Nowadays are people asked for more than one language to get a job Is it in need I think it is not necessary but it will be one of the advantages. I am one of the students who are studying a second language English. I'm not good at speaking English yet but from my experience I will introduce three important points which how to study a new language having interests in language finding friends with native speakers and studying abroad. First of all I will tell a crucial point that is you have to have interest in or purpose for language which you want to learn. I have a rational reason if you are not interested in that language of course you would not study or give up on learning. For example I will tell the people who study English in Japan. Nowadays English school business is becoming a big industry in Japan. Why do they want to speak English There are several reasons. They say If I go abroad English is necessary in all of the world even France or If I can have a conversation skill in English I can earn a good salary . Another example is that a lot of middle aged women are learning Korean because they are crazy about Korean actors. They want to understand TV dramas in Korean without the subtitles. It sounds funny but this is also a reasonable reason to learn the language. As you know everybody has their own purposes or motivations. This is important because achieving fluency in a second tongue takes a long time. Therefore before starting to learn a new language you have to think about your target or have motivation. Next what should people do after starting to study You should make friends with native speakers in your social life. This way is the most efficient method to enhance your second languages. From my experience even if you live in your country you can find native speakers. Now the world is becoming a melting pot you can see foreigners everywhere. You ought to go to specific places such as bars to which foreigners go. This is a real example which is a comparison between two of my foreigner friends. One of them had been in Japan for 5 years as a business man. While he stayed in Japan he did not go to school but he spoke very well. The reason was that he met so many native speakers in his social life. He acquired Japanese from his friends. He did not have any hesitation to make mistakes in Japanese. On the other hand the other one had been there for 6 years as an elementary school English teacher. She went to a language school as much as possible and studied hard when she lived there but she did not have many friends compare to the other guy. On the weekend she hanged out with her friends who spoke her native language. My evaluation was the guy spoke better than her. Even though she stayed 1 year more than he did her conversation skill was weaker. This example is merely one case but meeting native speakers is a wonderful way. Not only can you learn the language but you also can get many cultural things and local information. In addition your interest is going to increase. Almost all native speakers who are living your country want to learn your language. You have to take advantage of this opportunity. Finally I recommend going study abroad where your second language is spoken. This way is probably the most successful way to learn the language. If you go to a foreign country of course you have to speak and read that language every day. You might disagree with this method because some people achieve a second language perfectly in their country just going to the English language school or from their job such as an treading company or a foreign affiliated company . However most people do not have an enthusiasm and opportunities to do that. Surely going overseas is not cheap. You spend a lot of money but you might learn a lot of things. Why do I recommend this This is the reason that I used to go to the English school once a week when I was in Japan. During the class I had spoken just English but as soon as the class finished I started talking in Japanese. Then I asked myself Am I improving my English Is the school worthwhile I just improved my reluctance to speak in English. Now I am in the US. At first I wanted to go back my country because I could not understand what people were saying or what sentences meant. Even if these were not important things I could not discriminate the two. Now I am accustomed to this environment but at first I felt daunted. Usually people go through hard situations or experiences they build up a self confidence. Going abroad is sort of hard for foreigners but people gain experience by practices. These three points are my suggestions to study a new language but there are several ways to learn. You can find your own way to acquire knowledge. This time I introduced efficient ways such as having purpose or motivation making friends with native speakers and going to abroad to form my experiences. Studying a new field is hard work but one thing you have to keep in mind is having fun. If you enjoy studying you will be able to achieve your goal fast. If you are concerned about learning a new language just follow these advices. You might take pleasure in studying. At the beginning I mentioned that being a bilingual or multilingual is beneficial for your career. Also it is exciting to communicate with foreigners. The world is going to be smaller if you learn a second language.
