Recently the economy is not stable and that affects our life negatively such as with unemployment and wage cuts. In this situation we have to rethink our cost of living to eliminate a waste of money in our daily life and get over this recession. There are many possible ways to eliminate wasting money such as walking or taking a bus instead of using a car saving electricity and trying not to buy expensive goods. One of these possible factors for elimination of the waste of money is the cost of food. The food is essential to live but from my perspective as a homemaker the budget for food includes an inherent possibility to save money. For example I sometimes go grocery shopping without planning exactly what to buy and decide on a meal that day or purchase the food just because they are on sale. If I buy food in such an impulsive way it could consequently cause the waste of money with many spoiled foods in the refrigerator and on the shelf in my kitchen. Thus it is needed to reconsider the way to buy and manage the food of a household and eliminate unnecessary waste. There are three important steps to manage the food of a household economically checking foods in stock planning the menus weekly and buying foods reasonably. As the first step it is crucial to realize what kinds of foods you have as leftovers and to stock foods properly in the kitchen. We have to check the foods in the refrigerator and the kitchen shelves. At the same time we need to check the expiration dates of the foods or how fresh the foods are. Therefore it is important to acquire a skill to discriminate between fresh foods and less fresh foods. For example a fresh tomato has a green stem and firm skin. Also we have to stock food in the proper place to keep the freshness of food. When we freeze foods we should freeze earlier as they are fresher. It is helpful to write memos to clarify such as best before dates when we stock subdivided foods in the freezer. There are various useful containers and plastic bags such as Ziploc to stock food with dates. Such a little idea helps to manage foods efficiently. It is also helpful to make a list of the foods we have now so that we don't forget. We should never let any food spoil. We have to finish all of the foods in a timely manner. The next step is planning the weekly menus of meals. In this step we have to plan the menus so that we can finish using foods earlier which are less fresh and with earlier expiration dates and cook as fresh and delicious food as possible. By planning the menus we can decide what and how much food we need to buy before we go grocery shopping. That prevents us from buying excess food. In addition we can reduce the frequency of going grocery shopping. The more often and the more impulsively we go shopping the more food we tend to buy. This step may be difficult but it includes attractive parts especially if we enjoy cooking. It is enjoyable to generate our own ideas for menus and coordinate a menu schedule without wasting food. Even if using the same kinds of meat and vegetables we can arrange a way to use the food and cook various kinds of meals without having the same menus repeatedly. Also this step would be helpful to prepare balanced and healthier meals by planning menus in advance. Accordingly planning weekly menus is important not only for financial reasons but also for health aspects in our daily life. Getting foods with reasonable prices is the final step. For this step we have to be careful about the information from various stores. In other words we have to check advertisements and coupons of different markets frequently. Getting information by internet can be useful and we often can get coupons free online. Comparing the price of products is also the key to finding a great deal. Even if they are exactly the same products many stores offer different prices. Also we should be careful the price per unit rather than prices of the products themselves. Sometimes rational ability is needed when we buy something. Usually we can get more reasonable deals if we buy a large amount of food. In this case buying a large amount of food might be economical as long as we can keep the food for a long period of time. If we find a great deal at the point we make the weekly menus incorporating the sale products in the menus can generate more economical effects. However we should not buy foods just because they are on sale. It is necessary to shop wisely based on weekly meal plans. In addition we need to get foods with as high quality as possible at a reasonable price. We should not equate buying cheap food of low quality with getting reasonable food. Ideally we can parallel cooking delicious meals with better ingredients and saving some money by buying food economically. Practicing these steps might sound simple but is quite difficult because it takes plenty of time and work. We have a busy lifestyle today. However we have to make every effort to overcome the difficulty of our financial situation. Eating is an everyday event so the savings from these steps will not be small. Once we acquire these skills as habits practicing them could become easier than we imagine and the future of the economical situation of our household might become a little bit brighter. Furthermore these skills help us when the economy is better too. We can save much more money and have a stable financial state. We could have money for an emergency such as illness losing our job or spend the money on a vacation. The profit from these efforts could be huge. However if we feel too much pressure to save money we could not continue these efforts for saving. Therefore one thing we have to put in our mind is trying to enjoy these steps to save on our food budget without feeling too much stress.
