How Did You Decide to Attend the School You Are New Attending I have wanted to learn English since I stepped in the US. I have thought the ESL program in any American universities were all good for learning English. But I changed my concept after attending the ESL class in University of South Dokota simply named USD and English Language Institute of University of Pittsburgh simply named ELI. Although the teachers in the two school are all very friendly and nice that is not enough for helping the students to learn English efficiently. I have realized that effective ELS program should have high quality teacher resource the well designed placement and the rich activity after the class. I would like to compare the two schools the ELI and the USD and reveal why I prefer to attend the ELI. First of all the ELI has a group of teachers who specialize in ELS teaching. In the ELI the teaching as a career the ELI teachers engage in. Most of them are very experienced and well prepared on teaching every class. They are also in good organization and cooperate with each other. On the contrary when I was in the USD I perceived that the teachers were graduate students who practiced the part time job as a kind of experience. Certainly they didn't have any experiences and difficultly concentrated on their ELS teaching. Secondly the ELI has well designed course placement including syllabus a set of stable textbooks as well as a series of reference source as the teaching complement. The ELI has different standard classes which the students can according to their English level take the classes from a low intermediate to a high intermediate. Unlikely the USD didn't have the standard placements. Every ESL student whatever you are in a lower or a higher level would take the ESL class together. No a textbook was suggested to use in the teaching. I believe that even no a syllabus was designed for the ELS teaching. The teachers often sincerely quested us what you wanted to learn. This question was not for the teaching survey it came from some teachers who were really no idea about how to teach us. Thirdly the ELI and the USD are very different in after class student activities. The ELI has a special teacher who as a coordinator organizes lots of activities to help the students enrich their studying life such as going to movies making trips and so on. On the other hand the USD did nothing activity. After comparing it is evident that the USD is unqualified. The ELI is good for ESL learning because the students can efficiently gain lots of new knowledge from the experienced teachers can make progress by taking the well designed course. Meanwhile the students can rich their life by the plentiful activities. So I decide to attend the school I am now attending.
