Favorite Restaurant My friend graduated from Carnegie Mellon University this year. He wanted to celebrate this happy occasion. Therefore he called me and suggested two restaurants the ANON_NAME_0's Halal and the Tandoor Indian grill. Both were the best as he thought in Pittsburgh. Soon after I started analyzing the features of both restaurants. In my analysis I focused on three major aspects location food types and service. ANON_NAME_0's Halal is located on S. Bouquet Street. In Oakland the heart of Pittsburgh. It is in a humble building you could notice. Also it is not organized enough due to its small size. There is a small number of tables that males you wait for minutes to get a free one. Moreover it is lacked of a beautiful decoration which plays a major role in attracting customers. Also there is no parking lot close to it that imposes you to violate the traffic law. In contrast Tandoor is located in Centre Avenue. Which full of adjacent shops. Its building is attractive and obvious. Also there are many tables with different size suitable for a small and large group. It is very neat and has a fantastic painting and dim light that makes you feel relaxed and comfortable. Furthermore it has a free parking lot near to it. The Second point was food types which had the most effect on my decision to choose the restaurant. ANON_NAME_0's Halal offers Arabic food I like a lot while Tandoor offers Indian food. Both serve chicken or beef with rice in a different way. While ANON_NAME_0's Halal prepares it according to Arabic style Tandoor prepares it according Indian style with spice. Unlike Tandoor has different types of food ANON_NAME_0's ha s limited types. For instance you can order shrimp curry or chicken korma from Tandoor. Tandoor has hot drinks such as masala chai and Indian coffee. However ANON_NAME_0's has cold canned soda. The third point was the service of both restaurants. Tandoor's service is very satisfied that served by pretty girls. However the service in ANON_NAME_0's Halal is based on yourself. Unlike tandoor offers free wireless ANON_NAME_0's Halal doesn't have. Tandoor has offered half price on some days if you dining in and other days if you pick up stuff. On the other hand ANON_NAME_0's Halal doesn't have any discount or half price. While ANON_NAME_0's Halal opens until 8 oo pm most of the days Tandoor opens until midnight. All in all after analysis I recommended Tandoor because it is the suitable one for his party. Since spacious place good food and great service are the major factors that affect my decision I would be happy to have dinner with my friend in his graduation party at Tandoor Indian grill.
