If God gave me a chance to live where I want to live in I would prefer to live in my hometown rather than the city I live in now. When I lived in my hometown Seoul South Korea before I moved to Pittsburgh I wanted to live in somewhere has beautiful nature environment good neighborhoods and better educational environment. Pittsburgh is one of the greatest places where I want to live in these aspects. Nevertheless I still miss my hometown Seoul a lot. Though people have diverse thoughts about where they want to live in I would prefer to live in my hometown Seoul rather than Pittsburgh. There are some similarities and differences between Seoul and Pittsburgh at the aspects of nature environment good neighborhoods and educational environment. First of all they both have four seasons such as spring the blooming season summer vacation's season fall beautiful colored leaves and winter snow's season. Moreover there are beautiful hills trees grasses and rivers. On the other hand Pittsburgh's winter is longer and colder than Seoul's and has lots of snow. It is difficult for me to stand this Pittsburgh's winter despite of loving snow. And Pittsburgh's fall is shorter than Seoul's but colored leaves are more beautiful. I cannot enjoy these gorgeous autumn as much as I like because of that reason. Furthermore Pittsburgh's summer is longer because of the Daily Savings Time and the sunshine is stronger than Seoul's. I have to pay careful attention to my skin because of this strong sunshine. Pittsburgh's summer however is cooler and less humid than Seoul's. Due to these differences I would like to live in Seoul. Second both of them have good neighborhoods. Both of people are very kind to foreigners and try to help them as much as they can. Also both of them have good libraries school districts and other public institutions. On the contrary I must belong to two communities Korean American and Native American in Pittsburgh. Moreover I have to communicate with my neighbors in English and it makes me very nervous. If I live in Seoul I am much comfortable in most ways especially speaking is free. Even though people who live same communities are very good there are some troubles unless communicating is not active. One thing the most important is that my lovers parents relatives and friends live in Seoul. Last there are some similarities and differences between Seoul and Pittsburgh at the aspects of educational environment. Both of them have good school districts. And there are many opportunities to learn many kinds of art music and sports. On the other hand Seoul is one of the most famous cities of education in Korea. And it has very serious competitive education system. It is very popular to learn some kinds of subject such as Korean math and English etc. After school. Sometimes it makes students nervous however it also very useful for them. Furthermore it is easier to find private lesson in Seoul because of much information. I like Pittsburgh's education system but I face with the limit which I cannot find necessary information for me. In conclusion Seoul and Pittsburgh both of them have some similarities and differences at the aspects of nature environment neighborhoods and educational environment. In the event I would like to live in Seoul my hometown which I am familiar with in most ways.
