I feel differences that social problem in Japan has modified in these days. One of them is income gap. We can see the gap between rich people and poor people. Such a gap is getting spread than used to. I would like to concern about the causes of a social problem that is income gap in Japan. First education gap is one of the reasons. Some rich person can acquire good education system for example they can enter a private kindergarten elementary school middle school high school university and graduate school. It costs a lot. Because such a school has professional teachers. Moreover they are able to study in comfortable circumstances. Furthermore there are many students who has high motivation gather on the school. They are good rival and good friends each other. They have done their best during the school life. So they can acquire good job in future. As a result they can be rich. And they can educate their children . Another possible cause for income gap in Japan is area gap problem. People who lives in poor area is not blessed with environment. There are a few population in rural area. In such area people can not get a job that earn a lot of money. Because there is little demand in the area. You cannot see the activation in such a small area. They live there in whole their life. They have been getting poor . There is a gap between urban area and rural area. A third cause for the income gap in Japan is working condition. Even if they work in urban area they are in bad situation . At this point we call them ''working poor''. That means that if they work hard every day though they cannot earn enough money . That occurs in urban area in Japan. They cannot find jobs that treat its employees. There is nothing you can do about it. They have to work in bad condition . As a result of bad reason there is a gap between rich people and poor people. It seems like there is no concerning in these causes. However you can see the aspect of details in every each causes. If Japanese people cooperate to acquire relevant balance they might have secure life . It is obvious that we need good balance in society. There are many factor of causes that is the gap of education area and working condition occur the income gap.
