The Causes of the Divorce In Korea the number of a divorce increases in modern days. Of course there were some divorces in the past. But most of those were special case and people looked divorces that are unconditionally bad things. People didn't try to understand divorced couple. On the other hands nowadays a lot of divorces make people change their perspective and the view of people makes more divorces. Now unfortunately a divorce rate of Korea reach in third place in the world. Why is the divorce of Korea serious like this The reasons of the divorce can be individual problems but the increase of divorce isn't affected of just individual reasons. Important causes of the increase are an individual society a working mom and a mammonism. First an individual society affects the divorce. Long times ago people think that a communal society is important. Most family is a big family. They farm together by a cooperation. They need to have many family because each family is worker. But nowadays people think that an individual is more important than communal society because modern society isn't agriculture society. They don't need to have many family and think that it is important to success in their own job. So they think themselves more than their family. As a result many people decide to divorce easily. Second a working mom affects the divorce. In old days people have a stereotype that is all female must do housekeeping and take care of sons and daughters. If they has a job they quit the job after they marry. It was a traditional mind of Korea. On the other hands In modern society even though many mothers of Korea have a job they are keeping the job. Some women can quit their job but it is just up to their choice. Most women work in their workplace do housekeeping and take care of their children. They are struggling to keep their all responsibility. But finally they are to be tired and be under stress and they have a family trouble easily. For this reason many couple reach to divorce. Third mammonism the greedy pursuit of riches affects the divorce. The country is developing and money is to be important thing for people. In modern society people can be hard to live without money. It is right money is of the essence in the world but some people think money is the whole in the world and can do anything even if the thing is very bad and wrong. Some bad women marry with rich man for get money. They love just his money not him. Shortly after they want divorce for getting alimony although they don't say give me the money directly. Nowadays such women are increasing and they serve to increased divorce. The divorce is relevant to that caused by changing society as above therefore we cannot say it is just individual problem. It should be said that is social problem. Exactly the reason is social problem too. Increased divorce is natural in todays but an important thing is not to make the divorce bigger social problem.
