How To Teach Math to Children. Teaching math to children is a difficult process because children don't have much concentration. According to scientific statistics children's ability to concentrate is only 20 minutes. This means they can't focus on their subject more than 20 minutes so they need something else to get their attention. Also some children have the misconception that mathematics is very difficult and complicated to understand because when they face on mathematics at first it is just seen complex symbols and graphics. In addition mathematics is abstract field. Even if they use visible tools and symbols for solving the problem of mathematics the main concept of mathematics is invisible. Especially kids who are just 8 13 year old have difficulty to understand the process of mathematics. They might think they don't have inherent ability for math. Therefore it is said that teaching math is hard. However there are three steps to teach math to children efficiently. First make the children interesting to math. If they are attracted to math it will be easy to teach math to them. There are some tools to captivate their interests. Children are easily interested in the environment that they live in ranging form food to toys. You can tempt their interest in math using their environment. For example you can compose a question like There were eight cookies. You wanted to share these cookies with your best friend so you gave her three cookies. How many cookies are left Initially they are concerned about cookies and best friend because those are familiar to them. After they will acknowledge what the question is and what they have to work out. However the crucial thing you should know is that you have to make sure why you are using their environments like cookies and best friend. Sometimes children focus on only their present circumstance therefore they miss what the ultimate goal is. Sharing cookies with a best friend are not their goal counting the left cookies are their real target. Clarify them why you are using their environment and what is the most important thing. If you use their environment efficiently you will grab their interests and they will be ready to approach math. Second teach children eye to eye. In other words when you teach them to their level they can figure out what math is or the math' concept easily. They are just young children so when you teach them using difficult methods they will be tired of math. You can imagine their emotions for instance when you are sitting in an auditorium listening a difficult lecture that you had never heard before and the person who is teaching are using ambiguous words. Do you want to listen that lecture constantly You probably don't want to listen anymore. Children are the same. If child is forced into a complex and difficult situation they would give up. Also they are just young kids so they don't have as much patience to as adults. Some aspects of math are very difficult to understand for them so they can't be grasped at once. Children need more explanations why they are work. Consequently if the children don't figure out the math concepts or questions you can make them easier to understand or try another way that makes sense to them. In addition if you explain math to their level you can hold their interests to math. The last step for teaching math to kids effectively is by giving them challenges. Sometimes people are board about what they already know. They need a challenge and adventure. When you ask a child what is the answer to '1 1' a child who has already acquired the concept of single digit addition he or she might be bored. This indicates that the child wants a more difficult question like double digit addition. In addition when they achieve a hard one they can sense of an accomplishment. When you teach math to children it is crucial to recognize what level your children are at and decide the subject that is comparable to children's level. When they need more a difficult one you can give them a challenge and move to a harder subject. Children have a lot of potential to grow especially elementary school students so they need to be well educated. However sometimes it is very difficult to control them because the abilities of their attention and concentration on one subject are very short and some of them have a fixed idea that math is difficult. Initially you can attract their interest to math using materials or tools which could be found in the children's environment. After you can explain the math as easy as possible so the children understand. If the children understand math's concepts well enough you can give them a challenge to improve their mathematical ability. Teaching is a rewarding job. You will see the changes in kids when you teach them and you'll be impressed. If you follow the steps of teaching mathematics you will reach your target of teaching math to children.
