Effects of increase of non regular employees in Japan Recently a number of non regular employees increased in Japan. In Japan there are 2 types of working style. Regular employment means full time job and company does not limit the period of employment. Typically once you find a regular employment job in an company you continue working for the company until your retire. On the other hand non regular employment contains other types of employment such as part time job temporary employment and contract employment. Many companies use non regular employees to adjust number of employees because raying off regular employees is very difficult in Japan. Non regular employees became an important source of working power in Japanese businesses such as manufacturing restaurant and retailing. But Japanese economy gets worse and worse after 2007 and many problems of non regular employment became clear. Non regular employment affects employee's lifestyle such as their income choice of new job and family life. Ordinarily non regular employees don't have secure economic status. They can get lower payment than regular employees. One reason is that companies tend to use non regular employees for unskilled job and keep their payment lower level. Recent government survey reported that average payment of non regular employees is only about 60 to 70 percent of payment for regular employees. Working poor a person who have job but can't get enough money is one of urgent problem in Japan. In addition non regular employees easily loose their job in bad business time because companies discharge them to regulate labor costs. Since last October more than 200 000 non regular employees lost their job. It is difficult to find new job in these days and some of unemployed people forced to live as homeless. Non regular employment also limits worker's choice of new job. Non regular employees often do only limited tasks in their job and have only few experience for responsible job. They can't get enough skills and experiments to apply new job. Companies tend to consider non regular employment as unskilled job and to avoid hire people whose previous job was non regular employment job as regular employee. Only about 35 percent of job hunters whose previous job was non regular employment job get new regular employment job although most of job hunters hope regular employment. Especially non regular employees over 30 years old have much difficulty of getting regular employment job even though some of them have families and need secure economic status. Non regular employment may also affects worker's family life such as marriage and children. Because of low income marrying and having children are sometimes difficult for non regular employees. Shortage of money affects marriage rate. For example approximately 50 percent of age 35 to 40 years old people whose annual income is higher than 50 000 are married. On the other hand only approximately 20 percent of people whose income is lower than 10 000 are married. Moreover even though they can marriage couples have to decide how many children do they have because the cost of growing children is expensive in Japan. Due to the low income many of Japanese couples have fewer children than their hope. In addition some researches indicated that children of low income family tend to get lower education. Higher education is often required to get regular employment job in Japan. This means that parents job and income may affect the future of their children. In conclusion increase of non regular employment affects many aspects of employee's life. Government and some organizations are working to improve non regular employees treatment. But this problem is not easy to resolve because many businesses and other economic problems are related to non regular employment. Non regular employment affects not only workers themselves but also next generations. In my opinion this problem should be discussed in all of citizens and companies.
