Living in Bangkok or Pittsburgh Tropical climate deep root of Asia's culture smiling people and spicy food are just a few things that represent Bangkok which is a city that I came from. On the other hand Pittsburgh is one of the cities in the states that deferent in many ways from the capital of Thailand. Even though I used to live in Bangkok for many years but now I am here in Pittsburgh which is well known in education and sports. There are three things that I decide to live in Bangkok instead of the steel city lifestyle weather and quality of life. I accustomed to living in Bangkok lifestyle that I have left for many years. My family is living there and also most of my friends. When I need someone to advice me for some problems I can access them easier than I live far away from them. Although Pittsburgh is on the other side of the world form Bangkok but I able to contact them by telephone email or MSN program. However it is better to talk to someone while you can be looking at their eyes than hearing only their voice. Bangkok has many restaurants that serve spicy food whereas Pittsburgh has a lot of international food. I like to try new thing but food is one thing that is difficult to do. I can have any kinds of food but if I can choose one I will choose spicy food which is easier to find them in Bangkok. I feel comfortable to living in warm weather than cold weather. Pittsburgh has a nice weather in most time of the year but there is too much different temperature between summer and winter. Unlike Pittsburgh Bangkok has three seasons but they are not too much different in temperature. I like to live in the place that has warm weather. Both Bangkok and Pittsburgh have many building and house that make temperature comfort to live. They also have distinct climate for sport activities for example Pittsburgh is better to play ice hockey in contrast to Bangkok that is better to play outdoor sport in winter. Pittsburgh has more quality of life than Bangkok. Bangkok is one of the cities that have population more than 10 million. It leads many problems to people living there such as traffic pollution etc. On the other hand Pittsburgh is not too big but not too small city that is easy to solve any trouble. Pittsburgh has many best educational academies from primary school to graduated school. It is a good idea to give your children study in the wonderful environment and high standard of education. There are many aspects that Bangkok similar to Pittsburgh but they also have a lot of things that on the opposite. I thing Pittsburgh is the city that is excellent to study even though you are not native of this city. When I considered about to living in Bangkok or Pittsburgh for long time Bangkok is only one that come up in my mind because I used to live with Thai's lifestyle and weather. But if I thing about visit somewhere that is in contrast to Bangkok Pittsburgh is only one city that I would like to go.
