Topic The causes of low birthrate in South Korea The Korea birth rate has fallen at 1. 13 Per a woman in 2007. It is below the minimum birth rate 2. 1 To maintain social structure of population. The Korea government has provided the public advertisement to increase the birth rate more than this minimum rate and one time incentive when a woman has a third child in her family. Ironically the government had had the campaign to decrease the birthrate to one or two children per family in 1970s. However the situation of birth rate turned into the opposite way within 30 years. In spite of efforts of the Korean government the birth rate is not increasing anymore. Low birthrate has had several important causes such as increasing the number of professional women expensiveness of childcare cost changing people's value. First as increasing the number of professional women the women become too busy to make babies. In Korea more than one third couples are working together for a living. One forth of professional area is occupied by women. For this reason women's social impact is increased but at the same time their impact on the family is decreased. Because of the expectation to women at work is the same as that of men professional women must become a super women to combine work and family. In this situation women might think that one child will be the best choice for them to manage two roles as the working woman and mom. Next financial burden to childcare might be the one of the reasons of low birth rate. The average time from birth to independence from parents will be 25 years or more in Korea. It means that the parents have the responsibility to take care of their children at least for 25 years. Since the average cost for bring up children per child is 290 000 until a child becomes 18 years old in the United States the expenses will be much more than this amount in Korea. The childcare cost in Korea mainly includes education living expenses and financial support for children's wedding. Especially the cost for education is the greatest burden to their parents. Because many Korean parents have very high aspiration of education they spend a lot of money for education. In average young children in Korea should go to private academies at least 3 or 4. Therefore the cost of private education is often beyond the average parent's ability to pay. Korean parents often reach the conclusion that they want only one child. Finally the birth rate can be influenced by changing of people's value about the relationship between their life and their children. Many women are unwilling to interrupt their life or careers by having babies. The new term DINK well describes this phenomenon. DINK stands for Double Income No Kids and means a high earning couple who chooses not to have children and is therefore able to afford a more expensive consumer lifestyle than those with families Wikipedia . Young generation in Korea pursue DINK lifestyle. In addition since many newly married couples do not want to give up their life style enjoyed without children they delay to have a baby or want only one child. In conclusion as the low birth rate in Koran breaks new low record Korean should overcome this problem within near future to maintain the social structure. Increased number of professional women high cost of taking care of children and changes of people's value lead to this phenomenon. The practical solutions for this problem should be suggested.
