From the past many people think that smoking is a sign of coolness but in fact it just damages the health. Cigarettes contain nicotine which is an addictive substance that makes smokers feel hard to quit. Smoking is not only a bad habit but also wastes money. Therefore smoking is considered as the destruction of health. The purpose of this writing is to discuss three effects of cigarette smoking on the healthy of people on air and on the cost of doing it. First of all Smoking is serious problem that needs to be taken care of. Some of these problems are related to healthy society and other problems are related to ethical side. As a consequence of smoking the serious diseases effect on smokers like lung cancer heart disease and other diseases. In addition you will learn several reasons why we need to ban smoking. Also due to smoking it causes some effects like lung and mouth cancer. And the biggest killers from these diseases are related for smoking. And this bad behavior I mean smoking is associated with a host of other risky behaviors such as fighting. The second effect of cigarette smoking is one that most people don't even take into consideration. Many people result damaged by cigarettes but this kind of people smoke indirectly. People who don't smoke have to breathe the bad air around the smokers. Although they don't smoke the risks of getting ill are considerable therefore we can see that smoking causes many bad effects for public health. Smoking affects the health of pregnancy the newborn children and children's health. In addition every one should keep in mind that smoking in the public area we harm not only us but also on the environment around us and on the health of others. The third effect of smoking is the money that we spend on it. This is one of the reasons why we need to ban smoking. We can estimate the losses because of smoking many thousands of dollars each year. In addition spending money on smoking is too much and leads to nothing and there are no benefits that people can get from smoking. Day by day smokers are spending more and more money on smoking instead of supporting their lives or even helping others people. In conclusion Smoking is too dangerous for smokers' health because it produces a lot of damage and in extreme effects the death. And smoking has problems that they have with the personal finance. Not only the economy but also the environment is being affected by smoking. Therefore if we want a strong economy clean environment and a good public health we should have some solutions to ban smoking once and for all in the world.
