The Effects of Unemployment Following the economy style is changed that unemployment is spreading to the world. It is a global economic issue. In Taiwan or America unemployment rate is fast growing each year. There are many causes lead to unemployment. First the issue of cost many factories was moved to the low cost areas for cheap natural and human resources. Second the death of company America car industry is depressed thus many people lost jobs. Unemployment is the most serious problem now. For the issue we must to fact the effects such as family society and economic. The first effect for the unemployment is family fight. No job means no societal ability no target of life and the damage the pride. For family salary is the source of family expense. If they don't have money to buy food go to a doctor or accept education. The balance of family will be break. In China it is often said that Poverty and humbleness forever bring miseries to marriage. Because of the pressure of no money the problems of family violence and divorce are happened often. In Taiwan every day have suicide news for unemployment. Another effect for the unemployment is society problem. It is speedily growing the crime rate in economic depression. There are varying crime act that types of range from burglary to kidnap. And the suicidal problems are getting serious now. It's not just personal suicide. Many kids are the victims in this case. A third effect for the unemployment is economic state. It's not fair in fortune. The whole world has 90 money to grasp in 1 man. No job it will become homeless because they don't have money to pay loan we will not go to a doctor because we don't have money to pay insurance but most of richer can easy to spend money or make much money. It is unbalanced of the money distribution. On the other side some boss use the unemployment and then increase the work time and reduce the salary. Surely many countries start to solve the unemployment. The government invests the massive funds to help the economy and creates more jobs. If the economy environment is improved and the effect of unemployment will be reduce.
