Chernobyl. One of the worst nuclear disaster in atomic energy history happened at the Chernobyl plant in Ukraine on 26 April 1986. At the time of the accident released radioactive fallout was 400 times more than what had been in Hiroshima. Large part of Ukraine Russia Belorussia and Europe were radioactively contaminated. Almost 24 years late after disaster country still feels the dramatic consequences of this disaster the most important of which are radioactive contamination of environment and effects of high radiation level in the region on human health. Another aspect of this problem is the still remaining threat of ruining of the shelter above the wrecked reactor. The Chernobyl nuclear power plant lies next to the Pripyat River which belongs to the Dnieper River system one the largest river system in Europe. The level of radioactivity in the river and consequently in the drinking water caused great concern in the first years after accident. Another aspect of water contamination that caused profound concern was bioaccumulation of radioactive substance in fish. The levels of the radioactivity in fish was above guideline maximum levels. After disaster pine forest in the vicinity of the reactor burned and died. Some animals and birds died or stopped reproducing. After the accident whole population in 30 km radius was evacutaed. An Interesting fact is that after the evacuation wild animals returned to the this region and existing animal multiplied. For example Wild Boar Bear Bison and wild horses are seen now in this region. The overall effects of the high radiation due to Chernobyl disaster on the public health are still remaining controversial. Some authorities claim that accident caused additional 200. 000 Death in Belarus Russia and Ukraine. For example rate of the thyroid cancer and leukemia in children increased. Shelter that was constructed above the wrecked reactor doesn't seem safe. Experts claim that it should be reinforce but this is expensive and Ukraine weak economy can not afford this renovation wholly. After the disaster many countries refused development their atomic energy program in fear of possible accidents. It is obvious that Chernbyl affects many countries and has become an international problem that should be chosen and monitored by the international organization.
