The Effects of Big Population Problems in China There are some growing conflicts in China such as big population economic social political problems. Among these problems it is considered that the big population in China is the most important problem and needs to be solved earlier. What effects a big population in China may result in Intense competition natural resource deficiency and heavy social burdens are the mainly three aspects of the effects. Firstly natural resource deficiencies are becoming more and more predominant as the result of overusing these resources by a big population in China. There is increasingly a lack of water food and oil in China because of a great of needs from a big population. Consequently the overall expenses for people's ordinary life are rapidly rising up especially in citizen's housing field. Approximately it needs working 25 years for a new couple to afford to buy a new house in a big city such as Beijing and Shanghai. In addition Chinese people are facing water pollution problems more and more due to overusing water in ordinary life and industrial consumption. Secondly a big population may cause intense competitions. Having a big population in high school and university there are definitely coming up with intense competitions for obtaining opportunities of high education and employment. Chinese students have to study hard and work hard to survive in Chinese society. Actually there is high suicide rate among those people younger than 30 years old in China. Some students have some mental problems after they failed in their important examinations. Some graduate students still have to rely on their parents because they could not find a job. At last a big population brings about heavy social burdens in China. Although Chinese government provides 9 years obligatory education for free the overall quality of population still goes down because of the big population. Some teenagers are away from schools and become criminals because of their failure in intense competitions. Along with the downward quality of population overall life quality of Chinese people is going down. For example more than 60 Chinese people do not have any health insurance. They can do nothing except waiting for death coming once they suffer serious diseases. In conclusion since natural resource deficiency intense competitions and heavy social burdens are growing more and more due to a big population in China. It is the time for Chinese government and Chinese people to solve the problem of a big population.
