Vacation is a time to refresh your mind get away from the working environment and let go your stress. Whether you want to relax on the beach of a tropical island go on a safari trip in the jungles of Africa or even gambling and having parties in the sin city. That is unless the stress and pain of planning the vacation did not kill you first. Planning for a trip is the hardest part. It takes a lot of time and effort and for this reason some people avoid the process of planning vacations by taking group tourist or even stop going on vacations. To stop taking vacations is an irrational decision because all of us need a break from work and the stress it causes. Therefore you should learn how to plan a trip in the right way. Who is better to ask than an expert That is what I did. I asked many travel agents and experts who traveled a lot or spent their life traveling around the world. I summarized what I have learned in three important steps that make planning a trip much easier. These steps are doing research choosing companions and organizing. First start with some research. It is the key for choosing a location and when is the best time. There are three ways of doing a research. First by visiting websites and forums specialized in traveling you will find opinions and reviews written by others. There are hundreds of social media websites you can visit for information. The key is to look at a wide range of reviews to get a complete picture. There are two recommended websites to get you started TripAdvisor where you can start planning your trip and make reservations and it has millions of reviews that will help you pick out the best place for you. The other website is Wikitravel which Perhaps has the largest collection of user generated travel information on the web and you may find some information about the cultures and what to expect from the people there. YouTube can be useful because you can find many review pictures and videos about almost everywhere in the world. Second watching the travel channel or documentaries about traveling may help because they give a lot of information about the place they are talking about. Third ask your friends about their vacations and what their suggestions are. I think picking the destination might be the easiest part of planning vacations. Second you might need to ask yourself if you want to travel alone or do you want to take your family or friends with you In each situation different arrangements need to be taken so traveling alone might be boring for some people but for others it is the best way to enjoy traveling. If you are from the type that hate being alone but could not have company to go with you can always depend on going to bars and nightclubs to be around people. Traveling with family should be organized to be suitable to the family. You will probably organize it the way the children want. By traveling with friends you are going to have more fun and the trip is going to be wilder because you do not need to take care of the family members. The most important thing about choosing companions is to be sure that they are not going to change their mind at the last minute. Sometimes the trip will be canceled because someone changed his mind and opened the door to others to do the same thing. Third now you need to start organizing the places you want to visit by making a schedule to remember what the places you want to visit are and when. If you are going on a vacation with other people then you should include their thoughts to the schedule to satisfy everyone. You can follow the way I organized my schedule. At first book a flight in a reasonable time before the day you will travel. Thus you can find better offers. Then make a reservation in a hotel or motel depending on your budget. To avoid wasting time in traffic jams make sure that the hotel is close to the places on your schedule. You should start planning for the vacation at least two months before it and finish the arrangements a month before the trip to get cheaper prices. You can do all these things on the Internet from websites like PriceLine. In conclusion planning for a vacation is an easy process just needs some patience. Try to relax and not get angry easily when some things do not go as you planned. People have different opinions therefore what they like maybe you do not like or the opposite. It is always good to try new places even if there are some bad reviews about those places. For better result see reviews from different sites when you do research. Start organizing a time before traveling. Finally try to write a review after you come back so other people benefit like you did.
