Three possible effects of natural disaster such as an earthquake or hurricane are damage to people damage to environment and damage to properties. 1. Damage to people Death of people Injury of people 2. Damage to environment Destroying of nature Destroying of infra structures 3. Damage to properties Loss of home collapse of buildings Draft Sometimes the Three possible effects of natural disaster such as an earthquake or hurricane are damage to people damage to environment and damage to properties. First of all people can be damaged by natural disasters. A natural disaster is the effect of natural hazard which means threat of a naturally occurring event that will have negative effects. It contains flood volcano eruption earthquake or hurricane and it affects many ways. Three possible effects of a natural disaster such as an earthquake or hurricane are damage to people damage to environment and damage to properties. First of all people can be damaged by natural disasters. A natural disaster makes people die. In case of Tsunami in 2004 the second largest ocean earthquake in history record 220 000 people died. As a result of this a lot of people lost their family and friends. Also many people suffered injuries. Their arms could be broken and their legs could be harmed. Second natural disaster damages to environment. Forests and fields can be destroyed. In case of hurricane or earthquake trees can be pulled out that causes animal's death. When the flood occurs areas near the river are flooded. Also infra structures can be destroyed by natural disasters. The sewage can overflow and the electricity supply cannot be sufficient or can stop. Finally properties are damaged by natural disasters. Due to the hurricane including heavy rains the whole village can be flooded and people lose their home. In case of the flood occurred in China 1998 14million people became homeless. Also buildings are collapsed by natural disasters. A serious earthquake makes buildings fall down. Consequently people lose their jobs get serious injuries or even die. From these reasons it is obvious that natural disasters cause many damages to people to the environment and to the property.
