Sometimes my peers affect me either in positive or negative ways. Also it is somewhat different how they affect me depending on the length of relationship or how deep relationship is. Although there should be good effects on me by my peers but I would like to talk about negative effects on me because negative effects are more easily acquired by people near me. First it is the most bad effect that I have been affecting by my peers to smoke cigarettes. I learned smoking cigarettes earlier than usual age. When I started to smoke there were many friends around me who was also smoking. At that time we didn't recognize that smoking is bad habit and hard to quit. Due to smoking Sometimes I feel like that I might make people next to me feel uncomfortable. Also it has serious bad effects on my health. Even though I know it is bad habit it is hard to quit smoking until now. Second I learned bad languages by my peers as well and my peer might also learn bad languages by me. It is quite bad effect. Because language is one good tool to represent one's characteristics and communicate with other people it is critical not to use bad language in my daily life. Finally drinking habit was acquired by me peers. Basically my body doesn't control well the alcohol but I did drink a lot with me peers just because they are my friends. It might be silly sound to somebody else but to maintain good relationship with my peers having drink together is really important sometimes. As I mentioned earlier there should be positive effects by my peers but people can learn bad or negative behaviors more easily than positive ones so it is important to try to stay away from bad behaviors from early age. Once it forms as my habit it is much more difficult to get my bad habits away from myself. In conclusion the relationship between peers is important of course but people can affect each other and the results could be significant effects on me we need to try not to acquire negative behaviors or thought by my peers even in early age of life.
