The history of the Latin American countries has not been free of dramatic episodes. From the arrival of Europeans conquerors until nowadays the continent has witnessed several wars revolutions and military dictatorships. Every violent episode has marked a change in the country where it occurred and the coupe d'etat happened in Chile in 1973 is not an exception. The coupe d'etat that Chile suffered in 1973 had crucial effects on the economy society and politics. First of all after dethronement and death of the democratically elected president Salvador Allende the economical system was roughly changed from socialism to neo liberalism due to the new authorities were allied with the capitalist bloc. As result of this it had a growth of private enterprises and loss of the rights of workers which had been achieved during the socialist period. Also because of the new economical politics education become private and lot of people had to abandon their studies. From the first days of the new regime social effects were noticed. Authorities do not want publicity of their violent facts so press freedom was interrupted and people had lack of information about what was really happening in the country. As consequence of this the government had the perfect framework to repress the poorest strata of society by imposing continuous surveillance on the slum areas and even attacking violently completes neighborhoods. Finally politics was another aspect strongly hit by military government. Because of the new authoritarian regime National Congress was dissolved and censure was imposed on the leftist parties prohibiting the right of speech and claim. Also new laws were dictated and the old ones were not respected as result the violations of human rights such as tortures and deaths were silenced. This is a deep sorrow that affects the country until nowadays. In conclusion observing these facts we can say the coupe d'etat that Chile suffered in 1973 had crucial effects in economy society and politics effects that changed the face of the nation forever.
