There are several effects of a natural disaster such as an earthquake. I had a very terrible experience with earthquake in Turkey which is my country. In 1999 on august 19. The center of the vibration earthquake was Sakarya which is located at northwest of turkey and has approximately 500 000 population or more. Also neighbors of Sakarya was affected by earthquake not as Sakarya but the effects was huge too. I was in another city which was 3 hours far from Sakarya. If I tell the truth I don't want to experience it. I hope it will never repeat again. I want to emphasize on effects of earthquake as environmental damage mood of victims and economic effects. First I want to begin from the effect mood of human . People were in deadlock when the earthquake was happened and until they felt little bit relax. The earthquake had huge size that we all Turkish people have never seen. Some sources say 9. 0 Some of other say 7. 5 Something. But damage was huge. The ground had puked out all of its anger that it has inside. The people who were effected by earthquake didn't know what they will do. They were in deadlock situation. Many of them had lost their family members such as one dad lost his daughter the other one lost wife. . . Most of people were thinking about their future without their loves and the future was coming dark horrible. I know there were many people who lost all family members. After that tragedy suicides had risen because of the unsolutions which the people couldn't get step beat their deadlock in their mind. That is why the people were in deadlock. That is the biggest problem for future because the person who is continuing his life in deadlockes is not an example. It was the most significant issue. Otherwise parentless. Think about them their future. How can they be a hard healty individual Approximetely 20 000 people dead. It was really pain. If I come up to second result of earthquake. The thing was environmental damages. Due to earthquake many kind of change facts occured on enviroment. There are two ways to evaulate the environmental changings as positive side and negatif side. If I assess from negatif side some of lakes disappeared abruptly some of water resources went out some green areas were completely effected negatively. From the other side such as pozitif some new water resources occured and although new green areas is located where the new water resources come from. Briefly environmental changings can hand in two sides such as pluses and minuses. The third result of all is economical size. It was like a world war. If we talk about damage area of earthquake factories houses bridges hospitals. . . . Most of buildings were built again more stronger beautiful and comfortable than the older one and it cost more money. Think about factories. Some of them completely disappered some of them delayed their processes and some of them could not return their business even they didn't have more damages than the others. These are several effects which were heavy for economy. Rebuilt something new is the hardest way as mentally and economically. In conclusion I don't want to experience an another earthquake. We write our destiny ourself but not all of them. I hope we will never seen an earthquake again.
