Topic The effects of divorce in family. Outline 1. Cooperation between men and women a. Men help their wives financially b. Women help men do house work 2. Living places a. Need more houses or apartment s b. Children's living places 3. Educating children a. Education investment b. Concentrating on study of children. Full name Truong Quang Nguyen Topic the effects of divorce in family fife. Essay Sometimes people get married and then they live with their spouse for the rest of their life. However not every marriage lasts until they die. Maybe they get married and live with their spouse for several years and then they divorce. After they divorce their family life is affected a lot. I think that divorce will affect cooperation between members in families living places and educating their children. First when people divorce they usually do not want to see their spouse any more so that they usually do not cooperate with each other. When they stay together men often earn money to support their families but if they divorce men often stop supporting financially their wives. On the other hand women usually do house work. Thus if they divorce they will stop doing house work for men. The second effect is living places. Usually if they do not divorce they will live in the same house but if they divorce they will want to live separately. As a result they need at least two houses or apartments. They also have to decide with whom children will live with or the children have to choose to live with their father or their mother. Finally divorce also affects a lot on educating their children. Because they do not cooperate to each other they will not do as well as when they live together to help children. Sometimes children will receive less education investment when their parents divorce. Moreover because children's living is affected a lot when their parents divorce they can not concentrate enough on studying. In conclusion when people divorce their family life will be affected a lot. Both their cooperation living places and educating their children are affected.
