1 Summary This article is discussing an effective method for losing weight called 'cookie diet' created in 1975. With the modifications of this created food many manufacutures made big profits from these foods. Simultaneously some people questioned those products mostly for nutrious issues. As it says in this article The diet gives people a false sense of control simplifying balanced nutrition into one food the cookie . They think it is impossible to balance the nutritions only in the small cookie. Plenty of Science reports testify this food will lead to nutrition disorders. Although some people including the inventor Dr. Siegal gives some reasons such as nutrition contents to justify this product. But some experts' statements and an example about a 60 year old lady denies Dr Siegal's defense against his statement of its unaffecting health. At last the article points out a method to lose weight. According to another authority the best way to lose weight and not to affect your nutrion is Keep a food diary cut your portion sizes cut out the junk and enlist support from family and friends. Start walking daily. So this article's inclination about this cookie food is negative. 2 Summary This is an economic report about Nokia's suing Apple for the later's violating the former's patents. Although Nokia sued Apple for the patents violation to get a free ride on Nokia's innovation Apple responded with no comments on this pending suit. An expert on consulting telecommunicate patents indicated it would take a long time to address this issue. The potential return to Nokia could be enormous if Apple loses. Anylists pointed out the underlying reaon of this suit was the declining of Nokia's market percentage. Apple should pay royalties for its not part of the group including Nokia which licences the patents. This incident maybe relates to the saturating market of the telecommunications. This ends with where it is a hit there is a writ. Indicating the cellphone market is a hot area there must be a lot of disputes. 3 Summary This political article is dicussing the proliferative power of president Obama czars. It starts with questioning the relationship between the proliferating power of the president and the undermining power of the Congress. Then this article recalls some examples in history about czars from the first president till now from George Washingto 's cabinet to Obama's appointments. Despite the disagreement of White House on czars and the thoughts that it is the partisan dispute the two republicians who questioned the president 's czars responded by seeing this as a matter of Congress's institutional prerogatives and its ability to carry out its oversight responsibilities instead of partisan divergence.
