Where I would like to live If God gave me a chance to live where I want to live I would prefer to live in my hometown rather than the city I live in now. When I lived in my hometown Seoul South Korea before I moved to Pittsburgh I wanted to live somewhere which has a beautiful natural environment good neighborhoods and a better educational environment. Pittsburgh is one of the greatest places where I want to live in these aspects. Nevertheless I still miss Seoul a lot. Though people have diverse thoughts about where they want to live I would prefer to live there rather than Pittsburgh. There are some similarities and differences between Seoul and Pittsburgh in terms of a natural environment good neighborhoods and an educational environment. First of all they both have four seasons such as spring the blooming season summer vacation season fall beautiful colored leaves and winter snow's season. Moreover there are beautiful hills trees grass and rivers. On the other hand Pittsburgh's winter is longer and colder than Seoul's and has lots of snow. It is difficult for me to stand this Pittsburgh's winter despite loving snow. And Pittsburgh's fall is shorter than Seoul's but colored leaves are more beautiful. I cannot enjoy this gorgeous autumn as much as I like because of that. Furthermore Pittsburgh's summer is longer because of the Daylight Savings Time and the sunshine is stronger than Seoul's. I have to pay careful attention to my skin because of this strong sunshine. Pittsburgh's summer however is cooler and less humid than Seoul's. Second both of them have good neighborhoods. Most people who live in Seoul or Pittsburgh are very kind to foreigners and try to help them as much as they can. Also both of them have good libraries school districts and other public institutions. On the contrary I must belong to two communities Korean Americans and Original Americans in Pittsburgh. Moreover I have to communicate with my neighbors in English and it makes me very nervous. When I live in Seoul I am much comfortable in most ways especially I can speak freely. Even though people who live the same communities and know about me are very good and kind however there are still some troubles to communicate with them. One of the most important things is that my parents relatives and friends live in Seoul. Last there are some similarities and differences between Seoul and Pittsburgh in terms of an educational environment. Both of them have good school districts. And there are many opportunities to learn many kinds of art music and sports. On the other hand Seoul is one of the most famous educational cities in Korea. And it has a very serious competitive education system. It is very popular to learn some kinds of subject such as Korean math and English etc after school. Sometimes it makes students nervous however it also very useful for them. Furthermore it is easier to find private lessons in Seoul because there is lots of information. I like Pittsburgh's education system but I am faced with difficulties which I cannot find necessary information for me. In conclusion Seoul and Pittsburgh both have some similarities and differences in terms of a natural environment neighborhoods and an educational environment. In general I would like to live in Seoul which I am familiar with in most ways.
