Shenyang My Hometown and Pittsburgh More Similarities Than Differences I have been in Pittsburgh the only American city I've ever lived in for about one year. In the past year a question like Do you like Pittsburgh is a frequent topic between locals and me Some things are good Some things are bad I like it. Based on my familiarity with this city in a short time. Good or not in fact is the result of my comparing Pittsburgh to another city Shenyang my hometown in China. Although I lived in Shenyang much longer than I do in Pittsburgh I love both cities. Both cities have more in common than differences in some aspects such as sports economy o championship trophies football and hockey. Similar to Pittsburgh Shenyang is a sports city. But Shenyang is well known as a soccer and athletic city in China. Like the Steelers and the Penguins in Pittsburgh the local teams of Shenyang win lots of national championships. Also almost everyone likes football or hockey in Pittsburgh. Citizens dress in assorted team clothes whether they go to the stadium or not on game days when it seems the whole city is immersed in a festival. Likewise not only are the local teams strong but also residents in Shenyang like sports even other cities' fans appraised Shenyang soccer fans be the most professional ones in China. It is hard to say which city is better at sports. Second both cities with different current industries share similiar historical characteristics in their economy and Pittsburgh leads ahead of Shenyang. Both cities are historically industrial cities. Pittsburgh was a steel city approximately 50 years ago while Shenyang was called the Base of Heavy Machinery Plants mainly focusing on machines manufacture in China then. Both of them played crucial roles in their countries' development respectively. But right now they both have changed. Pittsburgh is a successful transformative city whose main economy is relying on health care technology and education now. Compared with Pittsburgh Shenyang started later than Pittsburgh in the economic transfomation and now Shenyang is economically developing as a travel culture and education city. Pittsburgh is a forerunner with more economic value compared to Shenyang. Hence Pittsburgh is dynamic model from which Shenyang could learn a lot. Third both cities share the same continental climate. However they are slightly different in summer and winter. Since both cities are geographically at a similar latitude in the north hemsphere and in continents away from oceans they both have four obvious seasons in one year. Moreover Pittsburgh's temparature ranges from approximately 15 ees different native languages etc. However they have so many things in common. Maybe this is a coincidence. We would probably see more similarities or differences between these two cities from further comparisons. But the three aspects above are enough for us to draw a conclusion Pittsburgh and Shenyang are like brothers in many respects.
