The effects of a natural disaster such as hurricane Morakot Taiwan is one small island in the Pacific Ocean and the people who have lived in Taiwan have suffered from the disaster caused by hurricane. For example in August of 2009 619 persons died 76 persons missed and approximately 499 050 000 dollars was lost in the disaster caused by the deadliest typhoon Morakot. In the disaster three of the most serious effects caused by Morakot include death and injury of inhabitants food shortage and facilities destroyed. First of all death and injury of inhabitants is one of serious effects. Because Taiwan is near the ocean hurricane often brings storm flood and mudflows in Taiwan when it moves into the island. Many people will die if they do not escape from dangerous areas previously or on time. For an instance there are 398 persons of Xiaolin village covered in the mudflows in the early morning when Morakot covered Taiwan Island. Second food shortage is also a serious effect caused by typhoon. Due to storm and flood lots of farmland and crop are damaged and transit is also broken. People in some disaster areas can not acquire enough food to maintain their life. During the Morakot disaster many survivors faced the problem of food shortage and it was not solved until government and charities started to delivery grain into the areas. Destroyed Facilities are the last serious effect. When Morakot invaded Taiwan it damaged uncountable facilities as telephone gas traffic and flood protection system. Morakot not only delayed the rescue process but also affected Taiwan's financial problem negatively. Because it means that government needs to exhaust more resource to rebuild public facilities and distribute allowance among survivor it definitely increases the people's economic load. In sum Morakot seriously damaged inhabitants' life food and facilities. It obviously exposures an important issue that our government has not been developing the disaster protection system and without proper emergency alter method to save the people. Our government should be treated them as the primary goals to secure our country and people's life against the disaster.
