How Did You Decide to Attend the School You Are New Attending I have wanted to learn English since I entered the US. I thought the ESL programs in any American universities were all good for learning English. But I changed my concept after attending the ESL class in the University of South Dakota USD and the English Language Institute of the University of Pittsburgh ELI . Although the teachers in the two schools are all very friendly and nice that is not enough for helping the students to learn English efficiently. I have realized that the effective ESL program should have high quality teacher resources well designed placements and rich activities after class. I would like to compare the two schools ELI and USD and clarify why I prefer to attend the ELI. First of all the ELI has a group of teachers who specialize in ESL teaching. In ELI teaching is thought a career that the ELI teachers engage in. Most of them are very experienced and well prepared for teaching every class. They are also in the good organization and cooperate with each other. On the contrary when I was in the USD I perceived that the teachers were graduate students who did the part time job as a kind of experience. Certainly they didn't have any experience and were difficult to concentrate on their ESL teaching. Secondly the ELI has the well designed course organization including the syllabus a set of stable textbooks as well as a series of reference sources as the teaching complement. The ELI has different standard classes from a low intermediate to a high intermediate which the students can take according to their English level. However the USD didn't have the standard placements. Every ESL student whatever you are in a lower or a higher level would take the ESL class together. No textbook was suggested to use in the teaching. I believe that no syllabus was designed for the ESL teaching. The teachers often sincerely asked us what we wanted to learn. This question was not for the teaching survey it came from some teachers who really had no idea about how to teach us. Thirdly the ELI and the USD are very different in after class student activities. The ELI has a special teacher who as a coordinator organizes lots of activities to help the students enrich their studying life improve their English skill and promote communication between the ELI students such as arranging talk time going to movies taking trips picnic and so on. On the other hand the USD did no activities. Generally after class the students went to American church or participated in the ESL activities of the Joblink a local government organization which can provide free ESL class to foreign people or met with the couple who teach at the USD and have volunteered to teach English for foreign students for many years . After comparing the two schools it is evident that the USD is unqualified. The ELI is good for ESL learning because the students can efficiently gain lots of new knowledge from experienced teachers and can make progress by taking the well designed course. Meanwhile the students can enrich their life by the plentiful activities. So I decide to attend the school I am now attending.
