In the past few months since I came here to the U. S I found out that there are only two restaurants I like which are the Chinese Panda and K. F. C restaurants. I knew I had a difficult decision to make when I felt hungry. Although I had talked to friends and my girlfriend who had eaten in both restaurants and visited very often I couldn't decide because they were both similar in quality. It was only after I compared the location cost and quality of food the two restaurants that I could finally come to my decision to eat at the Chinese Panda restaurant. The first thing I considered was the location. First of all both restaurants are located in Irwin where I am staying. But that is where the similarities end. The Chinese restaurant is twenty minutes away from my house. However the K. F. C restaurant is fifteen minutes long to walk. Even though the Kentucky fried chicken is closer logically safety is crucial in my evaluation towards a position. The Chinese that is settle in a safe suburb which is definitely more secure than Kentucky location in dangerous traffic on the main road. Secondly No matter how much I like a restaurant food cost is always a problem. The Kentucky fried chicken is as cheap as the Chinese Panda restaurant in prices. But in terms of consideration the Chinese restaurant is cheaper compared to the K. F. C. For example at the Chinese restaurant you can order food that contains a lot of vegetables and meat but at the Kentucky restaurant you can order a chicken with fries and you have to pay extra for a side of salad. The more side you wants the more money you have to pay. Finally food should always go together with the qualities they have in taste. The Panda restaurant provides tasty food similar to the K. F. C. Both restaurants have their own ingredients to make their food taste better for the customers. However according to a nutrition theory the Kentucky fried chicken is less healthy than the Chinese Panda. For example the Chinese restaurants included vegetables in most of their food which contains vitamins that useful to the. The Kentucky fried chicken likes to serve their chickens legs with the skin while the Chinese Panda does the opposite. In conclusion choosing a restaurant is vital before you come up with a final decision. I'm not saying I don't like the Kentucky fried chicken food but the location cost and quality of food influence me to choose the Chinese Panda. In my opinion in order to live longer safety and staying healthy is the key . But one of the philosopher said prevent is better than cure . The choice is yours.
