For the past decades students had to use the mass producted media such as books video tapes. There were not various methods which were effective for students. In this situation televisions were innovative ways for students to get some information however nowadays it seems that the Internet substitutes for the mass media almost completely. I think the prevalence of the Internet is an educational innovation especially for students. The explosion of the Internet has had three important effects on the students the access to the materials convenience and interaction through the Internet. First the most distinct effect is the access to the information. Because the Internet line is installed almost every building students can take advantage of the educational materials through the Internet. In other words students get unqualified access to the Internet if they can manipulate the computer. We can call this phenomenon as 'ubiqitous' which means everywhere. Recently students who don't use the Internet can't keep up with other students who use the Internet because the speed of searching Internet based materials is faster than existing methods of searching mass media. Another noticeable effect is the convenience. Nowadays students don't have to carry a heavy bag which is stuffed with many books. On the Internet there are so many visual media and texts suitable for each student. If students had the storing tools lke as USB compact disk they could download useful information from the Internet. Because of this reason the more the Internet is improved the more students will be comfortable. A third significant effect is the interaction. We can describe this system by giving a simple example some students can post his problem on the Internet and other students discuss how to solve the problem. By exchanging beneficial ideas with one another students can get advanced performence in their work. In this point we can say the Internet is an invisible forum for students. In conclusion to develop the Internet technology is very important since it give students a lot of advantage. In addition making an adequate choice from a lot of information based on the Internet is also a significant task of the students. If students didn't have the skill to get useful information students couldn't enjoy the comfort of the Internet.
