Living in Bangkok or Pittsburgh I used to live in Bangkok which is the city that I came from for all of my life. And I had never gone from Thailand to other counties also. Before living here I have no idea about Pittsburgh. Now I am here Pittsburgh which is one of the cities in the states that different in many ways from the capital of Thailand. If I can chose to live between Bangkok and Pittsburgh there are three reasons that I decide to live in my hometown instead of the Steel City my love weather and quality of life. I would like to live with my love in Bangkok that I have left from. My family is living there and also most of my friends. When I need someone to advice me for some problems I can access them easier than I live far away from them. Although Pittsburgh is on the other side of the world form Bangkok I able to contact them by telephone email or MSN program. However it is better to talk to someone while you can be looking at their eyes than hearing only their voice. Bangkok has many restaurants that serve spicy food whereas Pittsburgh has a lot of international food. I like to try new things but food is one thing that is difficult to do. I can have any kinds of food but if I can choose one I will choose spicy food which is easier to find in Bangkok. I feel more comfortable to living in warm weather than cold weather. Pittsburgh has nice weather most of the year but there is variation between summer and winter. Unlike Pittsburgh Bangkok has three seasons but they are not too varied in temperature. I like to live in the place that has warm weather. Both Bangkok and Pittsburgh have many buildings and houses that make temperature to be comfortable. They also have distinct climates for sport activities for example Pittsburgh is better to play ice hockey in contrast to Bangkok which is better to play outdoor sports in winter. Pittsburgh has better quality of life than Bangkok. Bangkok has a population more than 10 million. It leads to many problems with people living there such as traffic pollution etc. On the other hand Pittsburgh is neither big nor small city which is easy to solve any trouble. I think educational academies in Pittsburgh has high standard from primary school to graduate school. It is a good idea to give your children to study in a wonderful environment and high standard of education. There are many aspects that Bangkok is similar to Pittsburgh but they also have a lot of things that is quite different. I think Pittsburgh is a city that is excellent to study even though you are not the native of this city. When I considered living in Bangkok or Pittsburgh for long time Bangkok was only one that came up in my mind because I used to live with my love and weather. But if I think about visiting somewhere that is in contrast to Bangkok Pittsburgh is only one city that I would like to go to.
