Compare My Hometown and Pittsburgh. I used to live in my city Misurata before I came here last year. As I was living there I thought it is the best place to live in. My thinking has been changing after I saw Pittsburgh. Misurata and Pittsburgh are similar in many things. For example my city is as small as Pittsburgh and they are both beautiful and clean. On the other hand there are many differences in many things between the two cities such as the weather people and transportation. First the weather in my city is completely different from the weather in Pittsburgh. In my hometown we were suffering from hot weather all year. Some years even the winter is hot during the days. Some days you cannot drive your car without turn the air conditioner on. However I have never seen the snow before my first time was last year here in Pittsburgh. It was very nice when I saw everything white but the cold was unusual for me. At that time I missed the weather of my city. Second Pittsburgh's people are less helpful then people in my city. For example in Misurata when a stranger asks someone about an address he does not know the citizen will drive him to the address. But here the American people do not do that even with another American. While I was living in Pittsburgh my car broke down in the middle of the street two months ago nobody helped me. But in my city if this thing happened with someone everyone will help him. Third during my living here I found very good transportation. It is available everywhere and works until after midnight every day. Because my city does not have public transportation after 5. 00 PM and buses do not have a stable schedule like the buses here you have to have a car if you want to live there. For example when I was there I could not keep my job because my job was far from my house and I used to work from 9 00 AM to 6 00 PM every day and after 6 00 PM it is not easy to get home early. So I left my job for this reason. Finally in these days I feel I am living in my hometown because I became familiar with the people and the weather here. Now I cannot see any differences between the two cities.
