The effects that my peers have had on me Everybody needs friends and people who have the same attitudes will gather together. The people you stay around with is really important because your peers always influence you a lot. In my life I have so many peers some of them are my friends and some of them are my coworkers. The effects that my peers have had on me most is making me be a better mellow optimistic and decisive person The most important effect of my peers that influence me a lot is mellowness . Some of my friends are honest and always tell me the truth and try to be honest to me. Because of their honesty I became a better and mellow person. For example they tried to tell me their really opinions and discussed why we have different perspectives on the same event. They're really helpful to me. Because of their honesty I understood why I was wrong and begun to deliberate issue by someone's standpoint. Second the effect on me is optimism. For example some of my friends always try to look at the bright side of everything and it influences me to think about something more optimistic and always try to find the better way to solve my problems. Due to their optimism I could try to be happy everyday and always hopeful about everything furthermore I could influence my friends to be happy and optimistic and help each other to face our problems. The finally effect on me is decisiveness. Sometimes I am a passive person and my peers always encourage me to be more active. As a result of being active I could experience more and have the courage to do something that I want to do. For example one of my coworkers is active person and she always encourage me to do something that I am interested in or to make my dream come true such as studying in America. Because I was influenced by her I became more decisive than before and tried to achieve my goal or dream. In conclusion due to having peers who are honest optimistic and active I become more mellow happy and decisive person than before. We always have to face individual problems in our life and I hope we can influence one another with good attitudes and then help one another to solve our problems or achieve our goal and make a better world.
