The Best Way to Choosing Your Major indent The best way to decide a field of university study is reading books. However when you read this sentence you feel strange because usually people say the best method for reading about anything for any purpose is online. I agree with this opinion completely but we shouldn't combine the important issue in our life with this method like this topic because a book has numerous features that nothing has even the internet. Two months ago while I was trying to find perfect book or article about MBA program online I didn't find something is really satisfy my desire. However when I went to one of public libraries in Pittsburgh I found what I wanted. Thus I prefer to use books when I want to determine my choice on a tough issue in life to because of many characteristic that the book has. First book has more credibility than any sources. That means the author usually writes information which evidences his idea from authoritative sources and perhaps he names these sources in the end of the book. Also any mistake in his book influences his fame or his book's sales negatively therefore the author usually writes carefully to avoid these things. Second usually a book has more a quality than any other sources because most authors want to add something really new and helpful to readers in their books. Also before a book was published it must was scrutinized by many people. Third a book saves time because it usually comes with complete information if you choose right book for your topic. Fourth a book is easy to read anywhere you want. I remember one time when I was at the university I found a wonderful PDF file online about how to establish your relationships at the university. Unfortunately however it was 300 ANON_NAME_0 long. Therefore I couldn't print it out and I couldn't read it in my break time between my classes. Only when I went back to my home I could read it from my computer. For of all these reasons I feel satisfied when I use books to decide what I should do with important points in my life.
