Pittsburgh and Nanjing The first time I was in the USA I had a trip on a train from Harrisburg to Chicago in September 2004. At midnight the train stopped at somewhere. When I looked through the window it seized me that the colorful lights and the shinny bridge outside highlighted the tranquil night. The luminous bridge reminded me of my hometown Nanjing city in China. I asked the porter for the name of the stop she told me it was Pittsburgh. I thought that one day I might come to visit it. Now my dream came true and I am in Pittsburgh. Both Pittsburgh and Nanjing have famous bridges long histories many historic landmarks and variety food. However there are many distinctions between the two cities as well. In the article I'd like to compare and contract Pittsburgh and Nanjing in terms of bridges economies and weather. As I mentioned above Pittsburgh and Nanjing are both famous for being bridge cities. However their design and architecture are far cry from each other. Pittsburgh has the most bridges in the world with a total over 450 bridges which are made up of arch bridges beam bridges and suspension bridges. Most of the bridges are elegant unique and rare. The oldest bridge Smithfield Street Bridge has the unusual ventricular truss style. Although Nanjing does not have as many bridges as Pittsburgh it has a notable bridge called Yangzi River Bridge. It is a double decked truss style bridge built in 1968. As the first bridge which was build and designed by Chinese people themselves it was completed and became the crucial connection between North and South in eastern China. It is a pride and an important symbol of modern China. Since bridges are vital for the transportation and the transportation is always connected with the economy let's take a look at the economies of the two cities. Despite of the poor worldwide economy situation Pittsburgh and Nanjing have relatively stable economies right now. Pittsburgh which has dispelled the myth of the smoky city shifted from the steel city to be the education health care and high technology center. Unlike Pittsburgh Nanjing has the same characteristics as before. From the three Kingdoms period Nanjing has become an industrial center for its geographical location and convenient transportation. Today it is still the second largest commercial center in the East China region as well as the notable educational and unique cultural city. As the cities with the long history Pittsburgh and Nanjing attract tourists worldwide with their seasonal scenic spots. Although they have the similar weather such as four seasons a continental climate and very humid Pittsburgh and Nanjing have their distinct aspects on weather as well. Pittsburgh has a cold long snowy winter while Nanjing has a hot long furnace like summer. The fall of Pittsburgh has the most beautiful foliage I have even seen in my life. Green yellow orange and red the different color layers of tree leave decorate the whole mountain. The highlight in Nanjing is spring which makes the city looks like the typical southern style garden. There have been many poems and paintings describing the city from Tang Dynasty. In generally Pittsburgh is a bridge city with strong economy and attractive scenes likewise Nanjing is commonly viewed as a city of culture and a developing economic center. They are both lovely pleasant cities to live in. If I can choose I'd like to stay in Pittsburgh during summer and fall and then go back to Nanjing in winter and spring in which case I can enjoy four seasons of a year.
