Some people have to apart from their hometown for many reasons. For example they have to leave their countries to study to work or to get married. However someone have a chance to live the their beloved countries but they cannot differentiate how are different between their home countries and the countries they are living. I am the one who have to apart from my country Thailand in order to study in the U. S. Thailand is a small country whereas the U. S. Is one of the big and powerful countries in the world. The purpose of this essay is to compare and contrast the differences between Thailand and the U. S. In terms of weather food and transportations. First Thailand is located in the South East Asia region. On the other hand the U. S. Is situated in the American Continent so it causes the weather in Thailand and the weather in the U. S. Is totally different due to the location. In Thailand the weather is quite hot and humid all year long. The temperature in Thailand is around 30 40 degrees. For this reason Thai people usually wear different clothing styles from the American people. They wear a few layers of clothing. Moreover they can wear shorts and sleeveless clothes without wearing outerwear in all seasons. In contrast the weather in the U. S. Is quite cool all year long and some states have snowing so American have to wear many layers of clothing so as to keep themselves warm. They have chance to wear clothing like Thai people only in summer. Second Thai food and American food is different in many ways. In Thailand we serve a small portion of food. In the contrary in the U. S. They serve a big portion of food. When I first arrived at a restaurant here I feel excited because it is very big dish so I cannot eat all of that food in the meal. Moreover tastes of food here are not the same as tastes of food in my country even though it is Thai food in Thai food restaurants. Thai food is very spicy but American food is not spicy. In my opinion I think it is sweeter than original Thai dishes. Furthermore most American people are convenient to use frozen food such as seafood for cooking which is vice versa from my country. Thai always go to the market in order to buy fresh seafood for cooking because they do not want the original tastes of the menu they are cooking change. Third kinds of transportation in Thailand and in the U. S. Are not the same. For example you can see a lot of motorcycles on roads and everywhere in Thailand. Most Thai people like to ride motorcycles because of traffic congestion. Moreover it is easier to find the parking for motorcycles than parking for cars. Furthermore the motorcycle parking cost in Thailand is cheaper than the car parking cost. In contrast it is hard to find motorcycles in the U. S. Because most American people do not like to ride motorcycles. Besides it is easier to take taxis in Thailand because you can find the taxi everywhere on the road also the fare is not expensive. On the other hand it is difficult to find taxis in the U. S. If you like to take a taxi you have to call to the taxi center. Moreover Thailand and the U. S. Are different in terms of bus schedules. In Thailand we do not have bus schedule. If we like to take a bus we have to wait for the bus even though we do not know that time the bus will come. Unlike the U. S. We do know what time the bus will come. It is more convenient because you can take time to do things you want. You do not have to waste your time at the bus stop to wait for the bus. As the reasons mentioned above Thailand is totally different from the U. S. In many factors such as weather food and transportation. The differences I gave you between Thailand and the U. S. Will be useful for you to make a right decision to choose which country do you prefer to live.
