Beautiful cities historical city It's really crucial for people to choose a place for them to spend the rest of life. As we know good things are always give us sensuous pleasure in the same way good place can also make a person feel happy every day. Hereby I would like to recommend two very good reference city changsha and Pittsburgh. A city where I was born and a city that I study there. Let everyone know more details about these two cities maybe you will choose in one of the cities to spend your time in your future. In fact Pittsburgh and changsha is two completely unlike city one famous in steelers one famous in the cultural and entertainment . Today I want to Depth analysis from the food entertainment and education environment to talk about Pittsburgh and changsha. Firstly we want to talk about the food from Changsha and Pitsbugh. From the history books and culture of the genetic the people who live in Pittsburgh that prefer to eat sweets food and not so love to eat excitant food. However changsha's people prefer to eat spicy taste of food or more than that. Therefore in changsha city almost every streets are full of all kinds of food and most of the food with spicy. Conversely people who come from the Pittsburgh preferring fast food also not to pursuit of the stomach of main parts just like sweets. Therefore it is a huge differences accord with different tastes should vary from person to person. Secondly from the entertainment to chat with Changsha and Pittsburgh. As we all know Changsha is famous in entertainment in Hunan TV has many wonderful TV programs and host in there. Especially in changsha there is a very famous street after every weekend many people choose to come here to through their free time. They can go to karaoke Shopping Alcohol Play games etc. Anyhow Changsha there are many entertainment facilities to accompany your leisure time. On the other hand Pittsburgh is also a very good place for human to live but to tell the truth entertainment place does not have so much. However people love sports very much most people will choose to watch a basketball match or football game to through their weekend. So quite meaningful. So different life styles will have different options. Thirdly from the education background to know more about the Pittsburgh and Changsha. Because someone once said a city of education environment can be used as a measure of the city. Comprehensive to said changsha and Pittsburgh has very good education environment. In changsha is a famous for Hunan university and Zhongnan university etc. Also in Pittsburgh CMU University of Pittsburgh etc. Series of good university. However from the objective the education level in Pittsburgh like a scope have more influential and power in the world. To be honest it's really good for both of the city. In sum up Pittsburgh and changsha are very nice city either from its environment the quality of life and entertainment all have their own unique charm. Different people wil have different choices. Hope the information will be help to you. Wish everyone enjoy the city them live enjoy the life evreyday!
