Although I haven't traveled a lot yet I have never met cities like Rome and New York City NYC which gave me magnificent impression. Each of them is not only the most populous city in each country but also one of the leading global cities of economy and culture. In addition both cities were ranked within top 5 in World Tourism Rankings in 2007 by the World Tourism Organization. These two cities seem to be similar because they are a present or past capital but they also have some differences especially in architecture and culture. As cosmopolitan metropolises Rome and NYC are always crowded with tourists and bustling people. However Rome's and NYC's cityscape are a little different. Rome as a powerful city having over one thousand and a half year history has a great many UNESCO world heritage sites which makes many tourists feel as if they went back to the medieval times by a time machine. Moreover surprisingly it is allowed for people to see most remains very close and is sometimes allowed to touch them. Whereas the long history and lots of relics lure tourists to Rome NYC's overwhelming skyscrapers engross many tourists' attention. Particularly a night view from the Empire State Building or the Rockefeller Center gives an unforgettable memory in enormous scale. There is no doubt that Rome and NYC are also the leading global cities of art fashion and media as well as tourism. Both of them have some similarities and differences in culture. They have major media headquarters diverse eminent art museums and reputable fashion schools. Especially Rome as a site originating luxury brand has lots of luxury boutiques which captivates many women's minds. Likewise NYC has many shops in renowned 5th Ave. And SOHO districts. Both cities also have delicious cuisines which cannot be omitted in speaking culture. For instance whereas NYC is famous for cheesecake and New York style pizza Rome is well known for Italian ice cream called 'Gelato' and raw ham. Though Rome and NYC have some resemblances as metropolises in which they are swarming of many tourists and renowned for fashion and art their distinct history and tradition make themselves more characteristic and distinguishable. That's why a great many tourists have constantly been visiting Rome and NYC.
