Comparing between Bangkok Balcony and Qdoba Many people hang out eating as time goes. Dining outside home might refresh our boring life especially for people who like to go to a fancy restaurant to celebrate their birthdays anniversaries graduations and holidays. In Pittsburgh there are several restaurants that I often go to eat such as Bangkok Balcony Qdoba Joe Mama's and Korean Garden. Among them I am one of the patrons for Bangkok Balcony and Qdoba. The foods in these restaurants are more delicious than others as well as the reasonable price for me. Now I will compare Bangkok Balcony to Qdoba. My preference could be decided by the price menu and atmospheres of the two. I will explain reasons why these restaurants are my favorite things. As I mentioned above I will compare the price of Bangkok Balcony to those of Qdoba. Basically the menu of Bangkok Balcony is more expensive than Qdoba. For example if you go to Bangkok Balcony to have a dinner its cost is normally around twenty dollars per a person. On the other hand when I went to Qdoba to eat dinner I paid only ten dollars. Also the system of the tips is different. For instance if you have dinner in Bangkok Balcony you should pay for the tips around twenty percentages of the menus I ordered. Otherwise if you go to Qdoba you don't have to pay the tips for their serving because you ordered some foods and pick them up in front of desk. Eventually the food of Qdoba is cheaper than the Bangkok Balcony's one. The other thing that we could compare is how diverse the menus are. For example Bangkok Balcony serves several types of dishes such as appetizers entr d rexican subs Tacos Burritos and Fajitas some salad and non alcohol beverages. It means there are fewer options than the Bangkok Balcony's one. If I go to Qdoba I usually order the Taco salad with an ice tea. I can order the menu in front of desk. I can specifically select the ingredients and sauces and then they will make the dish as I ordered. I can pick them up the same time I can put some sodas into a cup for myself. It is a fast food restaurant so it provides quick self service instead of serving the food from a waiter. When I go to eat in a restaurant I usually consider the atmosphere I prefer sitting on a booth than a bar. I will explain the reasons why I like these restaurants' atmospheres. Both comfortable and nice atmospheres Bangkok Balcony and Qdoba have much in common and yet are different as well. Bangkok Balcony is located on Forbes Avenue so it is a quite convenient position. The interior seems like an exotic place moreover we can listen to the Asian music there. The glasses in front of side are pretty wide so I can enjoy seeing the view on the street during eating the food. On the other hand Qdoba is franchise I can find the restaurants at Oakland Shadyside and Downtown too. For example Qdoba in Centre Avenue is very comfortable place while I am eating the dishes because of several booths there. The interior looks like casual and simple. If I go there I can listen to the pop music also it is little bit noisy. I think Bangkok balcony is quieter than Qdoba. In conclusion Bangkok Balcony and Qdoba are my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. Serving delicious food reasonable price and comfortable atmosphere are that people make go there frequently. Nevertheless both of the restaurants are considerably high quality of service I think Bangkok Balcony is much better than Qdoba. Bangkok Balcony has many more merits than Qdoba but I still love both of them so I couldn't stop eating there.
