MY WRITING TEACHERS Teaching is a process of sending and receiving information. The teacher send the information then the student receive it. What makes this process different is the teaching style. For some students what makes the difference is the teacher not the subject that they study. Since education is a kind of a communication between teachers and students the teacher's method is the main factor in teaching. The purpose of this task is to contract between my previous writing teacher and the current writing teacher. They both teach the same subject but their teaching style is completely different. The characteristic the creativity and the information of the both teachers will be mentioned in the next paragraphs. Students spend most of their time in the school. They are expected to be interested in going to the school every day and attend all their classes. But this is not what always happens. They find some classes boring even if they like the subject because of the teacher. My prior teacher has a nice character but she was not good in connection with her students that makes me feel that there was a wall between her and her students. While my current teacher has a unique character. He is a social person who knows how to contact with his students and captures their attention. The creativity is another difference between my teachers in addition to the characteristic. Teachers can foster or inhibit the creativity of their students. The creativity in thoughts is to find a solve for any problem by different ways and create a new ways of teaching such as the activities in the class. The former writing teacher was not creative enough to encourage my creativity and make me do my best. On the other hand the current teacher is a creative person who persuades me to be a creative and improve my writing skills. The activities in the class was another side of the creativity of my teachers. We did not do a lot of activities With the earlier teacher which you can say it is different from the typical activities. Unlike the class with the current teacher is full with educating activities which is a good way of not sticking in the routine of the class. The third difference between my teachers is the information. After I mentioned the characteristic and the creativity as differences I will discuss the knowledge of my both teachers from my perspective. My previous teacher was having a good knowledge. But when I ask her she answers me ambiguously. I don't know but that makes me feel that she does not have enough information to clarify my misunderstood problems. Although my current teacher is an informative. He has a great background about many things. That makes me feel comfort to ask him any question even if it is not about the class. And I feel that I have learned a new thing at the end of each class. In conclusion I have had many great teachers during my academic life such as my previous and current teacher. Both of them are respectful and good teachers. And the differences in the characteristic the creativity and the information of teachers are individual differences between any other persons. And I will never forget what they taught me.
