A few universities in the USA offer Master degree Physical Therapy. For instance University of Pittsburgh and Loma Linda University which I applied to application have Master degree Physical Therapy. I anticipate getting acceptance from them. I knew I had a difficult decision to make if that happens. Bout of them has similar and different features. However the location cost and quality of education of two colleges will be compared and contrasted in this essay. The first thing I consider is the location. The Pitt is located in Pittsburgh where I have been living in for one year. But LLU is located in Loma Linda which I have never seen before. In addition Pitt is located at northeast of the USA that means the weather is very cold in the winter. In the other hand LLU is located at Middle West of the USA its winter isn't cold. Also LLU is near from ocean I can enjoy swimming and walking on the beach. Pitt and LLU have completely different location. In addition to location the tuition will be compared and contrasted between the two colleges. The tuition is the same at both schools 20. 000 For Master program. While the Pitt's tuition covers the transportation the LLU doesn't cover. Also the live in Loma Linda is shaper than Pittsburgh. However LLU offers scholarship more than Pitt. That means my opportunity to get scholarship from LLU is bigger than Pitt. The financial component is very important thing I have to think about. Another important thing as the location and tuition is the quality of education at the two colleges. For me the quality of education is most affecter in my decision. Pitt has higher ranking than LLU. In addition Pitt has a famous hospital UPMC in the USA where I can practice clinical training. But LLU doesn't have a famous hospital. On the contrary the competitive in Pitt is very stronger than LLU. Also the program in Pitt consists of courses with simple project. But LLU's program consists of courses and research. In conclusion after I thought about every consideration location financial and quality of education of the both universities. I have to make right decision. Since area where I will live high rank and good clinical practice saving money which are very crucial for me. I will probably be comfortable at the University of Pittsburgh.
