Real Madrid and Barcelona are the biggest teams in Spain and for more than 100 years they have been battling it out to win absolute glory in Spain and Europe. The arch rivalry between the two teams goes all the way back to the 1940 and rule of Spain's dictator Franco. We can compare those teams and determine who is the favorite to win in this year by looking at these criteria team players style of play and the management. If there is one thing similar in both teams it must be the players who have gone throw the history of these teams. Since the foundation of Barcelona Football Club in 1899 and Real Madrid 3 years later in 1902 they have been in a race to acquire the best football talent money can get and the first clash was set in 1953 when Barca was closing a deal with what many call the best soccer player ever Alfredo di Stefano who have actually arrived to Barcelona to sign his contract but with a stroke of genius Real Madrid president Santiago Bernabeu managed to convince the player to sign for Real Madrid and starting what many regard as the best football team of all time the 1950's Real Madrid. With Di Stefano as the maestro Francisco Gento Raymond Kopa ANON_NAME_0 Santamaria and Ferenc Puskas completed the rest of the team. With this mighty team Real lived in a golden age dominating Spain and Europe by winning 5 consecutive European championships in the 1950's. However Barca was not far behind on the race looking back at the history of the team we find that most of the best players in the world have played some parts of their careers in Barca starting with the legendary goalkeeper Zamora all the way to Johan Cruijff and Maradona. But the true Barcelona dream team wish was named after the 1992 team U. S. A was made from Andoni Zubizarreta Bakero Michael Laudrup Ronald Koeman Hristo Stoichkov Josep Guardiola ANON_NAME_1 Angel Nadal and Romario eventhough they didn't have the same success in Europe as Real Madrid wining only 1 European championship back home the won 5 consecutive championships. In most people opinion Barca have always been more of a complete team and this why they have always been successful for more than 100 years now because they keep the team intact if we look at their team now we find that 7 of their starting 11 were on the team that won the European Championship in 2006. On the other hand its almost impossible to say the same about Real Madrid whom have only 3 players left in the starting 11 from their 2006 campaign and only 7 from the whole 22 players of the team!! The final and last point is related to the previous one because it shows us the main reason behind the problems that Real is having in the past 7 years compared to Barca. The Management it has been the back bone of every success Barca got lately one president and 2 coaches in the past seven years gave the team the focus and stability it nodded to play good football and deliver results. Meanwhile Real's five presidents and seven coaches could help but to watch they might Madrid fall season after session. In Summary both teams have great history and a great future ahead of them however what brings results to any team is the stability which the management can bring to the table. All the success in both teams history can be easily linked to a good management neither it's Real in the 1950's or Barca now. Therefore I strongly believe that Barcelona is the team to bid on this year.
