Alkhobar and Pittsburgh Cities around the world usually are not the same however nowadays because of globalization similarities are often recognized in many cities. Wherever you go you would find some similarities such as malls Buildings Restaurants and even the designs of the streets. In this essay I will talk about my home city which is Alkhobar and comparing it with Pittsburgh the city where I lived now in it. There are several similarities and also differences between Alkhobar and Pittsburgh for instance the weather type cost of living and the crowd of the cities which will be discussed in the following paragraphs. Alkhobar is a city located in the Eastern Province of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia whereas Pittsburgh is the second largest city in the state of Pennsylvania USA. By considering the weather in both Pittsburgh and Alkhobar it is clear that they have completely different types of weather. Alkhobar is located in flat area near the coast and it has a desert climate which means it is very hot and humid in the summer and not very cold in winter. The summer starts from March tail September and it reaches the highest temperature 135 F during June July and August. On the Other hand Pittsburgh is a mountain city and the weather is totally different Alkhobar the winter last for about six months and there it does not reach a high temperature in summer as in Alkhobar. Since the 80s Saudi Arabia have been experiencing an the industrial revolution in many cities Alkhobar was one of these cities which has been changed developed and it became one of the most important Industrial Cities in Saudi Arabia. There are a lot of industries such as steel petrochemical and other. Likewise Pittsburgh it is a famous industrial city and its known as the city of steel due to former steel manufacturing. This can be considered as one of the similarities. Moreover one of the most important differences is the cost of living. In Saudi Arabia there is no local regional property or other sales taxes. Therefore the cost of living is much cheaper than in USA. For a student in Alkobar it is enough to live with one thousand dollar per month which will cover housing and living . Whereas in Pittsburgh you need at least two thousand dollar to cover all expenditures. Usually large cities as New York Washington DC and especially the capital cities are congested and there is high a traffic in the peak times. Alkhobar population of is around 165 799 2004 census and it area is 419 kilometers square. Therefore there it is not a crowded city as well as Pittsburgh. To sum up these two cities are very far apart from each other but still have some similarities and differences as discussed in previous paragraphs.
