Every day while we are reading a newspaper watching TV or walking in the street we come across a warning headline article ad or sign encouraging smokers to stop smoking. All over the world there are active organizations and their job is to warn people about smoking risks. In spite of all these efforts the smoking rate is still high. For example statistics show there are over 47 million smokers in the US. Therefore governments pay huge amounts of money to fund research that studies the factors beyond smoking. Studies approved that there are physical physiological and social reasons that urge people to become addicted smoking. The first reason is the physical factor. As we know nicotine has an addictive nature and it is a crucial substance in cigarettes. When someone starts to smoke a cigarette the nicotine passes to the blood and affects the brain. Because of the nicotine effect a smoker starts to feel a sense of pleasure and relaxation. Then when the nicotine rate starts to decrease in the blood the smoker starts to feel headache which leads him to smoke another cigarette. Smokers go over this cycle regularly. Since their bodies are used to the existence of nicotine smokers find it difficult to quit smoking. The second reason is the physiological factor. Most smokers look for short pleasures. They seek what cigarettes can give them in the short term without taking into consideration the seriousness of smoking. For example smokers say cigarettes make them feel better relieve their stress and help them to concentrate more. Hence smoking cigarettes is necessary for them when they are stressful upset or angry. They feel that cigarettes can distract them from their negative feelings. In short smokers believe that cigarettes are their tools to feel better. The third reason is the social factor. Most smokers start smoking under their peers or their parents impact. For instance smokers' kids are more likely to become smokers in the future. Another social reason is media image. Since people follow trends of their idol stars watching those famous actors or singers smoking on TV or on magazines' covers attract young people to smoke. In conclusion although smokers are aware that smoking threatens their health they keep smoking under the pressure of social physical and physiological factors. Smokers are addicted to cigarettes for many reasons they feel that cigarettes have the magic touch on their mood they unconsciously follow other smokers around them or because their bodies are addicted to nicotine. Because of these reasons the rate of smoking is in increasing all over the world.
