In these days people's gap is getting bigger in Japan. That is significant social problem. One of them is the income gap. We can see the gap between rich and poor. It is getting bigger difference than used to. There are several income gaps cause differences the standard of living in Japan. First an education gap is one of reasons for income gap. Some rich person can acquire a good education for instance they can enter a private kindergarten elementary school middle school high school university and graduateschool. It costs a lot. Moreover they are able to study in comfortable circumstances. Furthermore there are many students who have high motivation in the school. They are good rivals and good friends to each other. They have done their best during the school life. As a result they can acqire a good job and be rich. Another possible cause for the income gap in Japan is area. People who live in poor area is not blessed with environment. There is a few populations in rural area . In such area people can not acquire a job that earns a lot of money. You cannot see the activation in such a small area. They live there in whole their life. They have been sinking into poverty . There is a gap between urban area and rural area. A third cause for the income gap in Japan is working conditions. Even if poverty people work in an urban area they are in a bad situation . At this point we call them ''working poor''. That means even if they work hard every day they cannot earn enough money . That occur in urban area in Japan. Of cause there are many jobs in urban area than rural area. However poor people cannot find jobs that treat its employees. There is no relevant job that are able to earn a lot of many in an urban area. Besides it costs a lot for living in urban area. There is nothing you can do about it. They have to work in bad condition . As a result of bad reason there is a gap between rich people and poor people. It seems like there is no related to in these causes. However you can see the aspect of details in every each causes. If Japanese people cooperate to acquire relevant balances they might have secure lives. It is obvious that we need good balance in society. There are many factors of causes that is the gap of education area workingcondition occuer the income gap in Japan.
