The Causes of the Divorce In Korea the number of divorce have increased in modern days. Of course there were some divorces in the past but most of those were special case and people thought divorce that are unconditionally bad things. People didn't try to understand divorced couple. On the other hand nowadays a lot of divorces make people change their perspective and the view of people makes more divorces. Now unfortunately the divorce rate of Korea has reached third place in the world. Why is the divorce rate of Korea serious like this The reasons of divorce can be individual problems but the increase of divorce isn't affected on just individual reasons. Important causes of the increase are an individual society working moms and mammonism. First an individual society may lead to divorce. A long time ago people thought that a communal society is important. Most families were a big family. They farmed together by cooperation. They needed to have many children because each family was worker. But nowadays people think that being an individual is more important than communal society because modern society isn't an agricultural society. They don't need to have many children and think that it is important to succeed in their own job. Therefore they think of themselves more than their family. As a result many people decide to divorce easily. Second working moms is the cause of divorce. In old days people had a stereotype that was all female must do housekeeping and take care of sons and daughters. If they had a job they quit the job after they married. It was a traditional mind of Korea. On the other hand in modern society even though many mothers of Korea have a job they are keeping the job. Some women can quit their job but it is just up to their choice. Most women work in their workplace do housekeeping and take care of their children. They are struggling to keep all their responsibilities. But finally they are tired and are under stress and they have family trouble easily. For this reason many couples reach divorce. Third mammonism the greedy pursuit of riches is the reason of divorce. The country is developing and money is an important thing for people. In modern society people can hardly live without money. It is right money is of the essence in the world but some people think money is the whole in the world and can do anything even if the thing is very bad and wrong. Some bad women marry with rich men to get money. They love just his money not him. Shortly after they want divorce for getting alimony although they don't say give me the money directly. Nowadays such women are increasing and they serve to increase divorce. Divorce is relevant to things what is caused by changing society therefore we cannot say it is just an individual problem. It should be said that it is a social problem. Increased divorce is natural today but an important thing is not to make the divorce a bigger social problem.
