The Effects of Unemployment Unemployment is the most serious social problem lately. Due to the depression from 2005 to 2009 the United States housing bubble and the storm of subprime lending resulted in the credit crunch. The financial market of the world has hurt. Many companies couldn't loan enough finance to use and the consumer market was reduced. Various companies go into bankruptcy so the unemployment rate is growing faster each year. Unemployment has had several important effects on the family on the society and on the economy. The first effect of unemployment is the family problem. No job means no societal ability no target of life and the damage the pride. For example in Japan many men lost jobs they were afraid to talk to their families. Every morning they pretend to go to work and they stayed in the park whole day. For a family salary is the source of family expense. If they don't have money to buy food go to a doctor or accept education. The balance of family will break. In China it is often said that Poverty and humbleness forever bring miseries to marriage. Because of the pressure of no money the problems of family violence and divorce happen more often. Another effect of unemployment is the society problem. First of all the amount of the crime is growing faster. When people can't solve their financial predicament and they choose to do wrong even the crime acts are various. Second the suicidal problems are getting serious now. In Taiwan some people like using one credit card to solve the other credit card's debt. It became more serious distress. When they couldn't have money from normal way they would borrow money from juice dealers. The juice dealers often use violence to return money that makes many debtors on the way to suicidal. A third effect of unemployment is the economic problem. Most unemployment lived on unemployment benefits. If a country has too much unemployment that the country's financial will have big problem. And unemployment causes that the consumer market reduced. People don't want to spend much money because they are afraid that they will be unemployed. On the other hand some bosses use the scare of unemployment to increase the work time and reduce the salary. Many companies would prefer to hire a temp to replace a normal employee. It causes the unfair relations between labor and capital. Surely many countries start to solve the unemployment because they had already confronted the effects of unemployment. Deflation numerous crimes and the break of family relation influence a country's existence. The government invests massive funds to help the economy and creates more jobs. The countries of the world are facing the problem together. If the economy environment is improved then the effect of unemployment will be reduced.
