Effects of the Increase of Non Regular Employees in Japan Recently the number of non regular employees has increased in Japan. In Japan there are 2 types of working styles. Regular employment means full time job and company does not limit the period of employment. Typically once you find a regular employment job in a company you continue working for the company until you retire. On the other hand non regular employment contains other types of employment such as part time jobs temporary employment and contract employment. Many companies use non regular employees to adjust the number of employees because laying off regular employees is very difficult in Japan. Non regular employees have become an important source of working power in Japanese businesses such as manufacturing restaurants and retail. But the Japanese economy has got worse and worse after 2007 and many problems of non regular employment became clear. Non regular employment affects employee's lifestyle such as their income choice of new job and family life. Ordinarily non regular employees don't have a secure economic status. They can get lower payment than regular employees. One reason is that companies tend to use non regular employees for unskilled jobs and keep their payment low. A recent government survey reported that the average payment of non regular employees is only about 60 to 70 percent of the payment for regular employees. The working poor a person who have job but can't get enough money is one of the most urgent problems in Japan. In addition non regular employees easily lose their job in a bad business time because companies discharge them to regulate labor costs. Since last October more than 200 000 non regular employees have lost their jobs. It is difficult to find a new job these days and some unemployed people are forced to live as homeless. Non regular employment also limits a worker's choice of a new job. Non regular employees often do only limited tasks in their job. They can't get enough skills and experience to apply for a responsible job. Companies tend to consider non regular employment as unskilled job and avoid hiring people whose previous job was a non regular employment job as a regular employee. Only about 35 percent of job hunters whose previous job was non regular employment job get new regular employment job although most job hunters hope for regular employment. Especially non regular employees over 30 years old have much difficulty of getting a regular employment job even though some of them have families and need a secure economic status. Non regular employment may also affects worker's family life such as marriage and children. Because of low income marrying and having children are sometimes difficult for non regular employees. Shortage of money affects marriage rate. For example approximately 50 percent of people age 35 to 40 years old whose annual income is higher than 50 000 are married. On the other hand only approximately 20 percent of people whose income is lower than 10 000 are married. Moreover even though they can be married couples have to decide how many children they will have because the cost of rising children is expensive in Japan. Due to the low income many Japanese couples have fewer children than they hope. In addition some research has indicated that children of low income families tend to get lower education. Higher education is often required to get regular employment job in Japan. This means that parents job and income may affect the future of their children. In conclusion the increase of non regular employment affects many aspects of an employee's life. Government and some organizations are working to improve non regular employees treatment but this problem is not easy to resolve because many businesses and other economic problems are related to non regular employment. Non regular employment affects not only workers themselves but also the next generation. In my opinion this problem should be discussed by all of the citizens and companies.
