Seoul is the capital city of Korea. Seoul's population is officially over 10 million. The population of Seoul and surrounding areas is actually estimated at about 20 million. And the size of Seoul is 605km2. It is 0. 06 Of Korea South Korea area. The size of Seoul include surrounding area is 11. 9 . 50 Of Korean is living in only 11. 9 Of Korean area. However Seoul's population is getting increase. The continuing urbanization causes many serious problems such as housing problem traffic jam and environment problem. Seoul is the core of Korea's economic culture education industry service etc. So people have been moving to Seoul for their work or getting job. However it brought an effect of serious housing problem. As increasing the population of Seoul enough houses to support is required. But houses and land of Seoul is limited. In addition the number of people who lives alone and small family is increasing. It is also aiding lock of houses. For this reason housing cost soars. The housing cost of Seoul is getting more than twice housing cost of local. In according a research urban worker's buying an apartment in Seoul takes 35. 4 Years. It means buying an apartment more and more difficult. Since housing cost take a large amount of living cost family economy can get worse. Second effect is traffic jam. The average speed of vehicles in Seoul is reduced to half in recent 20 years. The urbanization of Seoul leads to increase car. The commuters who live in Seoul or surround area drive to center of Seoul to work simultaneously in the morning. Likewise in the afternoon the commuters drive to home all at once. The traffic congestion has been chronic problem of Seoul. Next effect is environment problem. Above mentioned increasing vehicle is main cause of environment problem. The air in Seoul is heavily polluted by vehicle emissions. While air pollution of other cities is getting decreasing air pollution of Seoul is getting increasing. More serious problem is dense high rise apartment buildings that were built to solve housing problem. But the apartments are blocking sweeping away polluted air by wind. As s result of Rapid urbanization of Seoul Seoul has some problems about housing traffic and environment. Therefore Seoul should expand and improve Infrastructures such as houses and roads. As decentralization functions of Seoul into local states or local cities Korean government have to induce to disperse population of Seoul.
