Topic The causes of low birthrate in South Korea The birth rate in Korea has fallen at 1. 13 Per woman in 2007. It is below the minimum birth rate 2. 1 To maintain social structure of population. The Korean government has provided the public advertisement to increase the birth rate more than this minimum rate and has offered a one time incentive when a woman has a third child in her family. Ironically the government had had the campaign to decrease the birthrate to one or two children per family in the 1970s. However the situation of the increasing birth rate has turned into the opposite problem within 30 years. In spite of the efforts of the Korean government the birth rate is not increasing anymore. Low birthrate stems from several important causes such as the increasing number of professional women expensiveness of childcare cost and people's changing values. First as the number of professional women increases the women have become too busy to make babies. In Korea more than one third of couples are working together for a living. One fourth of the professional area is occupied by women. For this reason women's social impact has increased but at the same time their impact on the family has decreased. Because of the expectation to women at work is the same as that of men professional women must become super women to combine work and family. In this situation women might think that one child will be the best choice for them to manage two roles as the working woman and mom. Next the financial burden of childcare might be the one of the reasons for the low birth rate. The average time from birth to independence from parents will be 25 years or more in Korea. It means that the parents have the responsibility to take care of their children for at least 25 years. Since the average cost for bring up children is 290 000 per child until a child becomes 18 years old in the United States the expenses will be much more than this amount in Korea. The childcare cost in Korea mainly includes education living expenses and financial support for the children's wedding. Especially the cost for education is the greatest burden to their parents. Because many Korean parents have very high aspiration of education they spend a lot of money for education. On average young children in Korea should go to private academies at least by the age of 3 or 4. Therefore the cost of private education is often beyond the average parent's ability to pay. Korean parents often reach the conclusion that they want only one child. Finally the birth rate can be influenced by the changing of people's values about the relationship between their life and their children. Many women are unwilling to interrupt their life or careers by having babies. The new term DINK well describes this phenomenon. DINK stands for Double Income No Kids and means a high earning couple who chooses not to have children and is therefore able to afford a more expensive consumer lifestyle than those with families Wikipedia . The younger generation in Korea pursues DINK lifestyle. In addition since many newly married couples do not want to give up their life style enjoyed without children they delay having a baby or want only one child. In conclusion as the low birth rate in Koran breaks a new low record Koreans should overcome this problem within near future to maintain the social structure. Increased number of professional women the high cost of taking care of children and changes of people's values have lead to this phenomenon. We should focus on raising social awareness of this problem and take an action to find the practical solutions for it.
