The Causes of the Disappearance of the Extended Family As our society is becoming more competitive and speed of a development is so fast having extended family is not that common. Over the years some people have said that people do not want to have the extended family anymore to explain the causes of the disappearance of the extended family. There are several reasons and examples that we cannot see the extended family anymore. To begin with a great change of jobs made family small. In agricultural societies in the past people needed to have a big family because naturally having a large family was so advantageous in farming that needs many people to engage in several times a year. On the other hand in industrial societies the fact that every member of a family has different job and each member move to different cities to work have made a family hard to live together as a large family. Especially in Korea since small families consisting of a large family spread throughout the country meeting together at one time at one place has become the hardest one which takes much time and energy. As a result the trend toward the nuclear family prevails throughout the country. On top of that an influx of the western culture has influenced on people's life style. Especially in Korea people put less importance on meeting relatives and law on national holidays. It has been one of the most important Korean traditions that all relatives should get together on national holidays. Also holding ceremonies for the repose of one's ancestors is very important aspect of Korean tradition. Only 30 years ago most people held the ceremonies several times a year with all relatives. However nowadays many people think it not that important since the number of people who believe in Western religions that do not hold ceremonies for ancestors has tremendously increased for several decades. As a result most people rarely come to see their relatives. Last the immigration to another country made it difficult for people to live all together. Nowadays the number of Koreans who live overseas has exceeded over ten millions and even there are many families that parents and their children live in different countries. Since many companies have many branches overseas due to globalization many employees who work for Korean companies live overseas on business. In addition parents who think learning language for their children is so important prefer to immigrate into other countries for their children's education. These social aspects makes impossible for people to have large families. In summary the main causes are the change of jobs the influx of Western culture and the immigration. It seems like there is no possibility that people will have big families again. Perhaps we can do nothing. But since we know the causes well I guess large families will never disappear.
