The global economy has undergone many recessions during the past 100 years which affected the economies in all countries around the world . One of the direct consequences of that recession is unemployment which has social economic and political effects on my country. Unemployment has a strongly negative influence on the society in Syria. It results in many catastrophic effects such as raising the delinquency rate among people who can't find a decent job to earn their keep increasing thefts poverty and drug addiction due to the frustration caused by looking for jobs in vain. All of which undermine the infrastructure of the community due to the increment of divorce cases and displacing more families. Unemployed parents tend to argue and quarrel because of the mental and psychological uneasiness caused by the feeling of helplessness. Since the budget barely suffices to feed the family children become victims of this ordeal. What will life be like to the children deprived from education and other rights that a child should have As for the economic consequences bankruptcy is considered one of the biggest problems that are related to unemployment. Bills keep coming regardless of whether you have a job or not . As a result of bankruptcy people can't pay car or house payments which leads to foreclosure. How will the future be to The young educated generation Those who spent bulk of their lives studying and hoping to fulfill their dreams in becoming effective members in their society unfortunately are shocked by a bitter reality when they can't even get a job that pays the minimum wage. This disappointment incites them to migrate abroad looking for better opportunities Bearing in mind that the majority of them stay there. This brain draining prevents Syria from taking advantage of their skills. The third consequence is politics related and it is represented by the pressure applied to the government by the people due to the lack of job opportunities and depletion of financial resources . Governments are expected to face any crisis and treat it with suitable means of management and planning. When the system can't achieve a progress violence might erupt and bloody riot by protester could prevail in the streets. The country had witnessed a recession a long time ago and that have led to some drastic changes . The minister of treasury resigned as a consequence and the ruling regime was close to be overthrown . It's clear that the effects of unemployment are hard to eliminate but they could be reduced by implementing a wise plan to reassess the economy in Syria and revive it . Creating new investments and reinforcing the banking system is a good start. Immigrants can also be motivated to come back by paving the investing road and offering the incentive for them through facilitating the investing progress and granting them some privileges. If the proper measures are not taken to face this problem what will happen to this country which already has enough to worry about
