There are several effects of a natural disaster such as an earthquake. I had a very terrible experience with an earthquake in Turkey which is my country. The center of the vibration earthquake was Sakarya which is located in the northwest of Turkey and has a population of 500 000. Also neighbors of Sakarya was affected by earthquake not as Sakarya but the effects were big too. I was in another city which was 3 hours from Sakarya. The effects of the earthquake are environmental damage mood of victims and economic effects. First I want to exhibit one of the effects which is mood of victims. People's morale were going down for every each day. People were in deadlock because they had many blackpoints. The earthquake was at extreme level that all Turkish people have never seen. Turkey had experienced several big earthquakes but the damages were not massive as this earthquake. The value of the earthquake was 9. 0 For some sources but for some others 7. 5 Richter. This size of earthquakes are named in high level category. Really the vibration affected the region badly that I said before with its human population environment and economy. The people who were effected by earthquake didn't know what they could do. Many of them had lost their family members such as a dad lost his daughter the other one lost wife. . . Most of the people were thinking about had lost their future without their loves. The future was coming dark horrible. I know there were many people who lost all their family members. All these things caused raised suicides and loneliness. That was the biggest problem which had to solve to cultivate healthy individiuals for the future. It was the most significant issue. In the same time there were many parentless children who were affected by the earthquake. Somebody had to think about their future. How could they be a strong healthy individual. That earthquake which calls 19 August Earthquake caused to die nearly 20 000 people and beside these people who died think about their rest of members. The damages of the earthquake on human mood were very deep. If I come to second effect of the earthquake was environmental damage. Due to earthquake many kind of change occured in the enviroment. There are two sides to evaluate the environmental results as positive and negative. If I assess from negative side there were many effects which are to disappear some lakes abruptly to run out some water resources changing some green areas etc . All these things have caused little changing region's climate of course not completely but these can be bigger in the future. Due to run out the water resources some small villages moved in to another place which has water resources. Some lakes which have lost their green environment are just calling with their old beauty. These were the negative effects of the earthquake. From the positive side new water and green areas have occured. Actually the water ways which were under the ground just have been changed by the vibration so by the water ways changing another resources have ocuured. Briefly environmental changes can talk in two sides such as pluses and minuses. The third result of all is economical effects. The region where happened the earthquake was like a country that came to the end of the world war. Everywhere had lots of factories houses bridges hospitals which were damaged by the earthquake. If I want to draw a small picture from a street which was calling in Sakarya people were shopping their needs and walking along the street. But after the earthquake there was any clue to say Here is . Because all buildings were on the ground. Think about whole damages of the region. It cost expensive to Turkey. Most of buildings were rebuilt again but more stronger beautiful and comfortable than the olders and it cost more money. Think about factories which were affected. Some of them completely damaged some others delayed their prr business even they didn't have more damages than the others because they had lost their employees. These were several effects which were heavy for the economy. For the region was hard to able to continue the business. In conclusion the effects of the earthquake had been bad from all sides. Such as environmental damage mood of victims and economic effects.
