Comparison and contrast between two of my best teachers Among teachers who taught me medicine in Libya Dr. Elshreef and Dr. Elwindi were the two whom I admired the most. Despite teaching the same materials each one of them has his unique method of teaching. They are different in many aspects such as organization providing the knowledge Illustration asking questions simultaneous quizzes and their nature of work . To start Dr. Elshreef who graduated from the UK in 1955 is an asset in the world of medicine especially in Libya. As a teacher Dr. Elshreef is an excellent example of simplicity. He gives information in a simple fascinating way that grabs the student's attention throughout the lecture. In addition he uses simple examples to clarify the subject under discussion. Chalkboard was his favorite illustrating method. Furthermore he was fully organized regarding both the time and subject. For instance he is very systematic in giving information as well as he finishes up ten minutes early where students are allowed to ask questions. Teachers are sometimes cause embarrassment Dr. Elshreef is no exception. He used to ask students very penetrating questions in front of other medical staff. These questions make a lot of students to escape his lectures. In addition his impromptu quizzes are something unpleasant as seen by some students. Unlike Dr. Elwindi Dr. Elshreef is working in a very relaxed environment. His favorite subspecialty is Endocrinology branch of internal medicine that deals with treatment and prevention of chronic diseases such as Diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Dealing with endocrinological cases is not that heavy duty. It does not require him to spend many hours in the hospital dealing with the patients because there is less emergency situations than those in oncology. However. Dr. Elshreef efforts are focused on the educating the patients how to accommodate with such chronic diseases with less chance of developing complications. He was not meeting with his patients with individual persons but he was meeting them in groups after the treatment is being explained to them carefully. The aim of these meetings is to educate patients about certain types of food and diet that patients should follow. For instance diabetic patients should eat less sugar and more fruits and vegetables. In the same way Dr Elwindi is giving speeches in public for education purposes Dr. Elshreef is actively participates in educational programs though TV and other media programs. He is doing good job in explaining the ideal diet regimen for different kinds of disease and warring the patients about the complications that might happen if the treatment and diet are not followed precisely. In addition Dr. Elshreef is the representative of Libya in the World Health Organization. WHO . He participates in establishing a protocols in management of patients not only in Libya but world wide. According to Elshreef 2007 Diabetic patients run every day for at least five minutes and should totally eliminate fine sugar from their diet On the other hand Dr. Elwindi who is a graduate of a German school is another famous medical doctor in Libya. He is very sophisticated teacher and he is full of knowledge. For example during his classes he gives a huge deal of information at one time in a way that annoys and bores students very quickly. Because of great deal of information he is giving Dr. Elwindi could not finish his classes on time and eventually no time could be reserved for students to ask questions in the class. In addition Dr. Elwindi is sometimes messy and jumps between the subtitles in the same subject in an attempt to finish up on time. The interesting aspects about Dr. Elwindi are that he uses PowerPoint in his lectures. With this modern technology he could include some relevant pictures and videos in his lectures. This will eventually help students to understand some difficult tasks. The second most interesting characteristic which most students are fascinated with is his quizzes which are planned so students can prepare for them in advance. Lastly Dr. Elwindi is a gentleman who has never embarrassed any by asking him in front of his peers. Dr. Elwindi is more interested in Hematology and oncology subspeciatility of internal medicine. This branch of medicine deals with blood diseases such as anemia and clotting disorders. In addition to hematology He is also interested in Oncology which deals with malignancy management. These two branches of Internal medicine are considered to be the most difficult subspecialties. Dealing with cancer patients is not an essay job to do. Dr. Elwindi was very patient with his patients because he acknowledges that his kindness means a lot to a patient who is bending to death. He was spending many hours with the his patients in an attempt to support them psychologically especially those who are suffering from terminal cancers. His was the extended hand to all patients in the department of hematology and oncology. Furthermore his work nessisates him to be available for long hours in the hospital because lots of emergency causes are appearing every minute in the world of oncology. Beside the hard job he performs Dr. Elwindi is facing a difficult times baraking bad news to cancer patients up on the first meeting after the diagnosis is being confirmed. He has a wonderful way of braking bad news to the patients and he was spending hours with every patient reassuring his that the hope is his destiny with the new advanced drugs and technological procedures. In addition to the stressful moments that Dr. Elwindi facing He was giving lectures on TV and radio explaining the avoidable risk factors for some malignant disease such as smoking and the lung cancer. In conclusion from my perspective and after taking everything in consideration I can say that Dr. Elshreef and Dr. Elwindi are different in the way of organization providing the knowledge illustrations asking questions giving quizzes and their nature of work as well as their responsibilities to ward their patients.
