The effects of a natural disaster such as Tsunami Every year natural disasters occur in different areas around the world. Tsunami is one of the natural disasters that happened in Thailand two years ago. In my opinion it has had several effects on three main parts people travel places and economy. First Tsunami brings about many problems to people. Some people died some were lost. Someone lost a lot of assets like a person whom they loved very much house or money. For example of the die and lost of people last Tsunami in Thailand a number of people died because they did not have knowledge about Tsunami. It had never happened in Thailand. While it was coming those people looked on that Tsunami and thought it was very unusual. They had not run away until it was too late. Consequently there are numerous people that died from this situation. Second as a result of Tsunami we lost a lot of the beautiful places. Many coral reefs were destroyed. Those places were natural and we cannot recreate or fix them. For example before Tsunami occurred in Thailand there were lots of beautiful places around south coast where there were plenty of coral reefs. On the contrary after Tsunami came there were only ruins of coral reefs around those places. In addition aquatic animals such as clown fish bivalves or sea turtle died in this situation a lot. Therefore some have become extinct. For instance before Tsunami happened there were big groups of clown fish around coral reefs. Nonetheless after Tsunami took place the clown fish left in few small groups. Third after Tsunami had occurred economy of Thailand declined because government of Thailand had to use much money to assist Tsunami's victims for instance supplying shelter foods and clothes was a high priority. Furthermore Thailand's main export industry is tourism so Thailand lost a lot of money in tourism industries because several tourist spots like Phuket the Phi Phi Islands Khao Lak were damaged. Also the Thai government needed to renovate those spots especially in Phuket for attracting the tourist again which required much money. At that time the Thai government budgeted several millions to support the victims and renovate travel spots. In conclusion Tsunami leads to many serious problems such as losing of assets destroying the coral reef and decreasing in economy. It would be better that every country cooperates to make an alarm system that can help countries prepare for and so reduce the effect of such a natural disaster.
