Sometimes a single natural disaster striking a particular region has the potential to cause significant damage lead to widespread disruption and heighten the level of human misery. Unfortunately I experienced a very strong hurricane called IKE when I had just arrived in Houston in September 2008 . Due to the power of the hurricane there were several effects occurred during and after the hurricane hit as the city run out of the electricity houses were destroyed and schools and people's work were delay for many days. The day that Hurricane Ike was supposed to hit Texas all the stores started closing and all the local channels were blocked out by newscasts. At night the power ran out when the hurricane started which affect us in many ways such as the oven was not working anymore we couldn't cook . Also because of the hurricane all the restaurants were closed so it left many people without food and water and some were begging for victuals . Another result of running out of power there was no air condition and the weather was really hot and humid which affect on people by making them more exhausted and thirsty and made them looking for water even more . This effect of being without electricity continued for two weeks. Meanwhile the fear from nature's anger hit everybody as we heard trees shaking wind whistling and the windows rattling. In addition in the next morning when IKE had gone people in the city started to see the damages to their homes for instance some found their house's roof had blown off windows had broken trees had fallen down on some cars and lost all their personal objects . Because I was a new arrival to the city I was staying at a hotel so I saw the entrance of the hotel had been damaged by the trees branches. In the news it showed the damages that occurred in Houston and Galveston which included deaths injuries smashing many houses flooding thousands of homes knocking out windows in Houston's skyscrapers and uprooting trees . The price of crude oil and gas increased in anticipation of damage to some of the numerous oil refineries along the South Texas coast. Another effect of IKE was that the schools and most of the companies closed for a long time. So as a result of this disaster the students missed about 10 days of school due to some destruction of schools also some workers lost their jobs because of the damages that occurred to their companies and it needs a while to fix them. All in all natural disasters like hurricanes have woeful effects during the action as well as afterwards. Therefore we must indicate that we have to prepare for emergency disaster in the future such as the federal government should be responsible for providing logistical support for search rescue and repair the damages.
