ineffective inapplicable and uninventive knowledge as well as learning skills. Also he will be without specific working skills and lacking of open positive and flexible thinking. Worse than that the student will not have a clear opinion during discussing of any issues in his work field. Because he was not given the chance to try his best to improve his knowledge and learn problem solving skills when he was student at the university. Even though he completed an academic degree he will be inactive employee and will not be ambitious toward the working or the educational life. Also the student may ignore scientific research as well as its results. Because he was taught by a rigid method of education without creative and analytical reading. The second impact of poor education is on the economy. Lack of advanced economical theories and concepts is caused by poor study of Economics. Internationally the independent research centers of the economical studies play a relevant role in monitoring the effectiveness of the economical procedures and their advantages or disadvantages. But locally in my country there is a centralized decisions which made by unqualified and inexpert economists without deep studies of the of the country's economical needs. Moreover that is affecting the national financial system because the economical and investment development are restricted by old and useless procedures resulted from poor academic education. An other impact the current student after graduation is unqualified to improve the economical system in my country because he lacks the relevant working skills in Accounting Marketing Finance and Business administration that are obtained by positive and self learning. As a consequence of these deficits the old economical system is unable to solve many problems. For example Inflation which affects the poor and middle class people severely. As a consequence of the ineffective trading system goods will be expensive and those people are suffering and unable to save money. Another issue is the increase of unemployment rates result from poor utilizing of advanced economical theories and policies. Also few investment opportunities by implementing the old and inadequate procedures will restrict the effective open markets as well as the job opportunities. The third effect of poor academic education is retarded medical services. This retardation begins in the public college of medicine. Actually medical students who are supposed to be eligible physicians will not be qualified enough to take care of the medical complex tasks. Furthermore old medical facilities like the laboratories and illustrative anatomical and biological models. Also lack of continuous medical research and delayed renewing of the medical subject such as Anatomy Physiology and Pathology will affect the student's experience and his working skills in treating patients. In conclusion every county should have an accurate policy and long term plan to improve the academic education in all of the topics and specialties. Also the professors and teachers should be active while they teaching their students by implementing a creative positive and efficient teaching skills and participating with their students in group discussion as well as problem solving activities. This advancement will return to my country's culture economy and medical services with many advantages and ongoing improvement.
