In the past many people thought that smoking was a sign of coolness but in fact it just damages the health. Cigarettes contain nicotine which is an addictive substance that makes it hard for smokers to quit. Smoking is not only a bad habit but also wastes money. Therefore smoking is considered as the destructionist of health. There are three effects of cigarette smoking on the health of people on air and on the cost of doing it. First of all smoking is serious problem that needs to be taken care of. Some of these problems are related to healthy society and other problems are related to the ethical side of this society. As a consequence of smoking serious diseases like lung cancer heart disease and other diseases effect on smokers. In addition there are several reasons why we need to ban smoking. Also due to smoking it causes some effects like lung and mouth cancer. The biggest killers from these diseases are related to smoking. The second effect of cigarette smoking is one that most people don't even take into consideration. Many people smoke indirectly and these people who don't smoke have to breathe the bad air around the smokers. Although they don't smoke the risks of getting ill are considerable therefore we can see that smoking causes many bad effects for public health. For examples smoking affects the health of pregnancy the newborn children and children's health. In addition every one should keep in mind that smoking in the public area we harm not only us but also the environment around them and on the health of others. The third effect of smoking is the money that people spend on it. This is one of the reasons why we need to ban smoking. It can estimate the losses because many people spend thousands of dollars each year for smoking. In addition spending money on smoking is too much and leads to nothing and there are no benefits that people can get from smoking. Day by day smokers are spending more and more money on smoking instead of supporting their lives or even helping other people. In conclusion smoking is too dangerous for smokers' health because it produces a lot of damage and in extreme cases death. Also smoking causes problems that they have with the personal finance. Not only the economy but also the environment is being affected by smoking. Perhaps it was a combination of causes that contributed to these effects on the economy the environment and the public health.
