Home stay Life and Living with Roommates My friends always say to me you are so lucky because I have roommates who are American. Yes I was lucky to find them I say to them. However the luckiest thing is I have experienced two life styles which are home stay and room sharing. Before I came to the USA I was thinking that where the best place is for foreign students because they want to speak English and make American friends. In my case at first I had stayed at a host family's house for three months and then I have lived with two American housemates. Honestly I like both homestay life and living with roommates. However there are similar and different in several ways such as exposure to English environment and price. First of all I will discuss about the exposure to English which means how often I can use my English skills. The home stay life has several benefit likewise living with roommates also has difference benefits. I will clarify both of them. If you stay at host family's house you will definitely use English often compare to having roommates. Host family's job is not only does take care of students but also teaching English. When I stayed the host mother's place I spoke many things such as American culture school and food all the time. Those topics were not difficult for me even if I couldn't speak well. She tired to understand and corrected my grammar. During three months I enhanced my hesitation to speaking English. On the other hand my housemates who are working are very busy. Sometimes I do not see them for a couple days. Therefore I do not have an opportunity to talk to them very often. When I had a question about homework I could not ask them. However this is not crucial they tell me a lot of young American cultures. They took me a party restaurant and introduce me many their friends. In addition I learned many slang words which people use in social life. I had never learned from my host mother. Even though they do not have time to talk to me I have learned many things that I had not known before. However a room sharing have a disadvantage. For example they have a party often unexpectedly. Sometimes I can not concentrate on my study. If I have time I want to join them but when I have a lot of assignment I need to leave me alone or quiet places. The second thing I am going tell about an environment. The environment is also important aspect to living in Pittsburgh. There is one reason Pittsburgh does not have much transportation system and the way to go somewhere is taking a bus. Now I am living in Oakland which is really convenient place. There are much kind of buses so I can easily access to wherever I want while the host mother's house there was far away from the school or downtown also the bus schedule was rare. I always concerned about the schedule when I went out. This is my experience when I stayed her house I went to Water Front by bus. The first I had to catch a bus to go downtown then I took a difference bus. It took for two hours just go to there totally I spend four hours just only transportation. Especially on weekend the bus schedule is decreased at that time the bus schedule was my crucial item. If I missed the bus I had to wait the next for two hours. You might wonder why I choose such an inconvenient place. Actually before I came here I didn't have idea how to find housing. Thus I asked my school about that and then they introduced me that house. I couldn't reject this offer because the school recommended me also I didn't know where the house was. On the other hand I can choose the place if I live with roommates. Finding house and roommates are not as easy as home stay because I have to look at internet then making a contact and check the house. Before I found my roommates I looked at five houses. However eventually I could find perfect location where I want to live. The environment of home stay and room share is totally different. The last thing I will compare about price. The Price is as important as the environment. Many foreign students who are living USA must focus on the price when they look for housing because they can not work here. At first I say a conclusion that which one is cheaper. The room sharing is absolutely cheaper than home stay. I paid eight hundred fifty dollars per month when I was in host family's house on the other hand now I pay three hundred fifty dollars. Of course at the host mother served a break fast and dinner but obviously my roommates do not make meal for me. Even though I have to buy food I can save money. In conclusion I analyzed both home stay and living with roommates from my point of view. Both life styles can be an exposure to English in different ways. Both of them can affect our enhancement of English. The environment is sort of diverse we can not choose the place of home stay location whereas we can choose the good place if we live with roommates. A Home staying price does not fluctuate but room sharing is very flexible you can choose an apartment or a house within your budget. I do not want to say which one is the best because it is really up to you. If you desire to improve your English I will recommend staying with hostfamily. If you want to enjoy real American life I would say that you should find American roommates who can live with you together. I do promise that both life styles are excellent choice to enjoy the US life.
