The Horrors in the US and Japan The existence of monsters and ghosts which scare people are found all over the world. For example the culture on these evils is found in Halloween of United States when people wear horrible costumes. In Japan it is very common to talk ghost stories in summer to cool down sogginess with the hair raising tale. People usually fear evil monsters and ghosts such as zombies vampires ghosts and devils. On the other hand they could be a one of entertainment seen in the books TV programs and movies. I am also the one who enjoys these unreal horrors as entertainment. The horrors in various regions are similar in a point that they are evil and unfavorable for human being. However horrors in the United States are very different from those of Japanese in the appearance reason of existence the way of behavior. First the characters which appear in the horror stories in the United States are very diverse from those in Japan. Monsters such as zombie Frankenstein a werewolf and a vampire are often seen in the culture of the United States such as Hollywood movies. The appearances of these monsters tend to be very fearful and grotesque which is completely different from ordinary human appearance for example zombie come out from under the ground with tattered clothes and serious injuries. Compared to these monsters in the United States we can see ghosts very often in the horror stories in Japan. The ghost in Japan has also scary and unique characters however the looking of these seem more similar to humans. The fear of Japanese ghost are difficult to notice from a distance so the real fears comes up when we became really close to the existence. Therefore Japanese horrors and ghosts are sometimes drawn more realistically than the Americans'. Consequently the horrors of the United States are attributed to visual effects compared to the Japanese's. Next there are also differences of the reason of the existence of characters in horrors between Japanese and United States. On most traditional horrors in Japan reasons of existence of ghosts are usually emotion of grudge and lingering feeling for life or someone who is living. A ghost story which a woman who is betrayed by a man and die becomes a ghost and show up in front of the man to revenge is very typical story in Japan. Compare to the Japan the reason of existence of the evils of the US tend to be vaguer. For example there is a definition of zombie the zombies are dead body without soul website . However compared to this Japanese ghosts usually have strong souls and he or she exists because she has a souls. There idea is related deeply with ideas such as reincarnation and karma come from Buddhism which is one of main religions in Japan. Third the way of existence in horrors in the US is also very different from that of Japan. Compared to the horror related to physical fear in the United States the horrors in Japan have more relation with mental fear. The differences are reflected well in the horror movie of Japan and the US. For example the monsters and evils in the US are often comes with scary screaming sound or big sound effects which frightened people. On the other hand the movie which features Japanese ghosts doesn't generate much sound when they appear. The way existence of Japanese ghost is unnoticeable and silent so that the fear is mentally and weird. In other words the way of existence of evils in the US is active while Japanese way is silent. Finding the differences between Japanese horrors and American horrors are very interesting. As I wrote the differences are come from the culture and both have unique characteristics. By globalization there are some of movies which unify these different types of horrors. Before all it is true that there is a lot of fun in the horrors of both cultures however we fear the evil existences.
