Lifestyle in the USA and Russia. Each country has its own peculiarities which differ it from other countries. If you spend time abroad as a tourist for example you pay attention not to the government or to the industry but to a lifestyle that is a unique characteristic of people. The most visible sides of people's lifestyle for you would be life of a person in family organization of cities and celebrations. Whereas in globalization era most of western countries live alike there are distinct differences. Let us consider as an example such two great countries as the USA and Russia. The first difference between them is in relationship between people within the family. It is well know that for people in the USA privacy is the most important point whenever he or she lives. For example it is a habit of life that elder parents live separately in their own home or in a special hostel for elder people. Grown children are also tries to live their own life frequently renting a room together with friends especially it is widespread in a student community . Commonly a family gathers together only to celebrate something. In sharp contrast to that in Russia parents live together with children. By old tradition the elder son or daughter is responsible for caring of them. As for children father and mother help them during all their life as a rule. But during the last 20 30 years the life is changed now young people in Russia prefer to live separately and to have private life like in other European countries or in the USA. Organization of cities is different in the USA and in Russia. Russian people traditionally live in apartments in big buildings. The higher the building is the more prestigious it is considered. Typical comfortable houses in Moscow for example have more than 25 floors. An interesting peculiarity is that all buildings in Russia from the smallest to the highest ones have central heating system it helps to keep the water and heat supply in a working order during strong frosts in Russian winters. Life in Russian city is usually spread over the whole city's area. Each area or region has offices supermarkets large plazas cinemas and attractions. Due to that Russian people work in the same area as they live. As a rule it is possible to get to work from home by foot during 10 15 minutes or by bus within 2 3 stops. The only exceptions are the two biggest Russian cities Moscow and St. Petersburg where this can take hours especially during rush time due to permanent traffic jams. In the USA people prefer to live in small private houses most often of two or three floors. In Summer time one of the most popular jobs during the weekend is mowing the grass on a house's backyard. Because the houses are mostly located in suburbs American people spend a lot of time on wheels on the way to work or home. Also there are distinct differences in how dates are celebrated. Russian people love big noisy celebrations. As a rule each cafe and restaurant has a band playing live music. So people can not only eat but also dance or listen to music or watch a show. Without live music it is nearly impossible for a restaurant to attract clients. In the USA celebrations are calmer. Restaurants not often invite bands or show special entertaining programs. Even such events as wedding sometimes go without music. For Russian people is it even impossible to imagine. In conclusion the most visible peculiarities in the lifestyle in different countries are in organization of time during the rest life in family and in preferences of where to live. In essence Americans like more private style which consists in partial separation from others both during celebrations and everyday life. In contrast Russians are very communicative people and loves to celebrate and to live together in big communities where everyone knows everyone. I respect American lifestyle. Meanwhile I was born in Russia and lived there during long time and Russian lifestyle is closer for me.
