Effects of Obesity Why is obesity dangerous to people It is because obesity is one of the leading causes of death regardless of age all over the world. But the fact that the increase of the obese people has become a worldwide issue is very ironic because the average of longevity has been extended. In modern society the causes of obesity include bad diet habits busy life styles and family history. So we cannot avoid thinking about the causes of obesity because it makes the life span shorter. There are three effects of obesity physical effects psychological effects and social effects. First of all obesity affects the people's bodies so they can't keep up with activities. However the more dangerous thing is the fact that obesity causes several bad effects including sleep apnea heart disease and hypertension. Sleep apnea which causes people to stop breathing for a brief period interrupts sleep during the night. One of the examples about heart disease is coronary artery disease. It is more prevalent than other heart diseases and is caused by fatty deposits which build up in arteries that supply blood into the heart. Due to the lack of blood it can cause a heart attack. Fat tissue needs more oxygen and nutrients. So it will increase the workload of the heart and will cause hypertension. This is very dangerous factor because it might lead to death in obese people. Secondly obesity can bring on bad emotional effects in people. These mental effects include depression insomnia and suicide which are closely associated with each other like a chain reaction of chemicals. In general people get stressed from their appearance and peoples' bias against the obese. Severe stress will cause depression and insomnia that might lead people to commit suicide in the end. In particular children and teenagers are at risk of experiencing these psychological effects because they mentally lack the self control and self esteem to control them compared to adults. So they have the dangerous and latent possibility of ultimately giving up on themselves. Finally the obese might receive a social stigma by the prejudice that their society usually has about obesity. In other words physical appearance is very important to people and hence obese people may become the target of jokes because people have a tendency to view fat people as lazy and gluttonous which might not be true. These trends are widespread in our surroundings. These social biases against obesity make the obese feel hesitant to socialize with other people and result in the loss of self confidence that might segregate themselves from friends family and workplace. Moreover the obese might experience the confusion of social self identity that is whether they are really a member of their society or not. In conclusion obesity has lots of negative aspects physically psychologically and sociologically. From the view of physical effects it causes a lot of problems such as heart disease hypertension and sleep apnea which might threaten their lives. Also mentally it might bring on some negative side effects to make an inroad into their souls and cause them to commit suicide in the end. In addition nonchalance and bias of society about obesity make them hesitant to participate into the diverse social activities. To solve these miserable effects we have to embrace them by providing various useful and helpful programs that they can voluntarily participate in to overcome these negative effects with their strong will.
