A Japanese guy is at Los Angeles International Airport waiting for his flight back home to Japan. While he's waiting he goes to the currency exchange counter to change his remaining dollars. He counts his money at the counter. Wait a minute he says to the clerk When I came here I got more dollars for my yen. What's going on here Fluctuations. Says the clerk. The Japanese man stiffens. Well! Fluck you Americans too! One day Pete complained to his friend My elbow really hurts. I guess I should see a doctor. His friend said Don't do that. There's a computer at the drug store that can diagnose anything quicker and cheaper than a doctor. Simply put in a sample of your urine and the computer will diagnose your problem and tell you what you can do about it. It only costs 10. 00. Pete figured he had nothing to lose so he filled a jar with a urine sample and went to the drug store. Finding the computer he poured in the sample and deposited the 10. 00. The computer started making some noise and various lights started flashing. After a brief pause out popped a small slip of paper which read You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water avoid heavy labor. It will be better in two weeks. That evening while thinking how amazing this new technology was and how it would change medical science forever he began to wonder if this could be fooled. He decided to give it a try. He mixed together some tap water a stool sample from his dog and urine samples from his wife and daughter. To top it off he masturbated into the concoction. He went back to the drug store located the computer poured in the sample and deposited the 10. 00. The machine again made the usual noises flashed lights and printed out the following analysis Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener. Your dog has ringworm. Bathe him with anti fungal shampoo. Your daughter is using cocaine. Put her in a rehabilitation clinic. Your wife is pregnant . . . Twin girls. They aren't yours. Get a lawyer. And if you don't stop jerking off your elbow will never get better.
