What is Behind Illiteracy With the progress of our society the illiteracy rate has been declining conspicuously over the past century Boaz 1999 para. 7 . However the more advanced the world becomes the more illiteracy stands out in modern life. It is hard to imagine a person who lives in a metropolis without recognizing texts. It's like a patient with dyslexia. What causes illiteracy in modern society In my opinion illiteracy is not only caused by education failure but also caused by many underlying issues in our society such as economics politics etc. Poverty is the primary cause of illiteracy. As an ancient Chinese proverb says you must have food before you think about etiquette. Due to the lack of money the poor can't go to school and poor countries don't have enough money to build adequate schools to accommodate all students. Consequently the poor fail to read and write. According to United Nations statistics the literacy rate varies widely from country to country and it parallels with the economy the poorer the country the more illiteracy. The illiteracy rate in developing countries is higher than that in developed ones. On this point the economy accounts for illiteracy. In addition low expenditure on education leads to illiteracy. Governments are responsible for the fiscal distribution. If a government arbitrarily finance little on education then the children in this country can't go to school which causes illiteracy and vice versa. Costa Rica Blass Hartmann 2007 p. 89 For example is not a rich country but its illiteracy rate is very low. The main reason is that the government appropriate huge proportions of GDP on public education. Therefore even an affluent country would generate the illiterate issue if the government doesn't endow schools. Finally some education framework has its cons that lead to illiteracy. China is an example on this point. With the development of economy the illiteracy rate becomes much lower than before in China. However the illiteracy rate sustains not optimistic. One of the reasons is that something is wrong with the education system. Compared with the U. S's China's education adopts a frustration model instead of an encouragement one. The students feel frustrated facing the teachers' and parents' frequent criticism. Moreover grading seems to become the unique purpose of the education under this system. As a result some students lose their interest in school. Some of them discontinue their schooling. Hence it is demanding to exploit an effective teaching system in this kind of countries like China to bring the students back to classrooms. We perhaps can learn from the U. S. Which has very small illiterate population with an excellent education system. We acknowledge that it is a long way to go to access zero illiteracy. To eliminate illiteracy we must coordinate to enhance our economy governments and education system according to the reasons listed above. We shouldn't simply attribute illiteracy to one aspect. Any bias against or preference to one factor other than unifying them would inevitably result in education failure. We anticipate we would transform illiteracy into literacy globally in the future. References Blass L. Hartmann P. 2007 . Quest listening and speaking Level 3 2nd edition. New York McGraw Hill. Boaz D. 1999 January 20 . Illiteracy The bad news and the good. Retrieved November 8 2009 from The Cato Institute Web site ANON URLPAGE. The book and the article titles in the references should be italicized.
