Effects of Obesity In spite of the nutrition and many diets we live in many people are suffering from their weight. People might be over weight limit above normal standards. Use body mass index or BMI to measure the total body weight and compare it to height. For a person to be considered obese their BMI range is 30 or greater ohiochick 2008 . Being obese means that person has a major health problem that needs medical helps. The rate of obesity is in rise which means enormous number of overweight people. Obesity has a great many negative effects on obese lives. Firstly obesity can contribute to chronic health condition. Obese have many bad effects on their health. Obesity can increases the risk of cardiovascular diseases such as stroke some cancers high blood pressure high cholesterol and diabetes which it is one of the risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Kirby 2009 . Overweight people may not be able to do things that normal weight people can do. For example any physical activity in their daily lives they can't walk a long distance. They feel pain in their ankles due to their weight and then stop walking. So the amount of fat in their bodies is higher than normal people. Consequently they enhance their problem and increase the complication of their weight. Health problems will lead obese to die in an early age. Secondly obesity can affect the mentality of the obese. Overweight people suffer from depression. Because of their appearance they shame and isolate themselves from normal people. For example one Saudi fat student came to the US without his family his wife and children . He felt so shame from his body so he avoided people as he can. Now he is obese and need a medical intervention. Sometimes obese don't acknowledge their problems and don't seek for doctor's help. They are lonely and isolated from others. As a result of that obese people try to put an end to their lives by suicide. Thirdly obese have social isolation. Most of them can't interact with normal people. They send a greeting card to their families in main family events such as Christmas' dinner wedding or birthday. They can't participate in any social events or even a small party. Furthermore obese students don't feel comfortable in schools. A few normal students try to harasses and hurt them. For example they say some jokes about the obese in front of them. So several of overweight students don't have friends. Some of them prefer to study online. Due to their embarrassment from others obese have unsuccessful relationship. In conclusion obesity is an abnormal weight which is a common disease these days. It has a lot of significant impacts in obese lives. These include physical problems mental problems and social problems. Obese can't prevent these bad effects. Also the rate of obesity is an alarming rise. Obesity may decrease longevity of people. Obese have a real problem that has to deal with it and find a solution to survive them. References 1 Ohiochick. 2008 . The Effects Of Obesity. Oppapers. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE. 2 Kirby ANON_NAME_0. 2009 . What are the Health Effects of Obesity . The genuine article. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE.
