The Effects of Sudden Wealth If you won the lottery how would you feel Many people want to be rich and some of them buy lottery expecting win it. People think if they had a lot of money there would be no troubles. After they become millionaires suddenly there are still positive and negative effects. People can feel happy and pleasant but they cannot know how to control the money and lost their money unfortunately. In addition some are in debt. Finally they regret that they won big money suddenly. First one of the effects is that people can feel happy and pleasant for a while when they win the lottery. Imagine that you won the lottery and became a millionaire. How joyful and delightful!!! You will celebrate your sudden wealth with your family relatives and friends. For example I saw news article 2007 Jack Whittaker who won 315 million and his family became celebrities overnight and would appear on no fewer than 8 T. V. Shows. They celebrated his good fortune. Second people cannot know how to control the money and lost their money unfortunately. Imagine! If you got lots of money you would do anything you could never do before. Buying cars houses and jewels which you would like to have but are expensive and you could not buy in usual. Moreover you will give the money to your family and relatives even people who need help. Most people who won the lottery did it as you think. For example Jack Whittaker spent his money to people who need it as if he is a Santa Claus. And he bought houses and cars and gave them to his family with cash. His granddaughter started to use illegal drugs and after two years she was found dead as unknown. Unfortunately he lost not only his money but also his family. Evelyn Adams who won the New Jersey lottery twice got 5. 4 Million but lives in a trailer because his money is all gone. Suzanne Mulins won 4. 2 Million in the Virginia lottery. Now she is deeply in debt to a company that lent her money using the winnings as collateral. ANON_NAME_0 Goodstein Bill Kirk and Emily Young 2007 wrote roughly one third of lottery winners find themselves in serious financial trouble or bankrupt within five years of turning in their lucky numbers according to Chelmsford wealth counselor Szifra Birke. Finally they regret that they won big money suddenly. Martin Barshir and Sara Holmberg wrote 2007 Jack Whittaker now says he regrets winning the lottery and he believes that the Powerball win had become a curse. And ANON_NAME_1 Rodriquez who won 8. 9 Million at the state lottery thought that he had won it all but now he lives in the same mobile home in Jourdanton and he wishes he had not been so lucky. Lisa Sandberg 2006 In conclusion many people wanted to be rich and some of them bought the lottery expecting won it. Some of them won it and they became millionaires suddenly. As a result of that they felt happy and pleasant and celebrated it with his family and friends for a while and then they did not know how to control the money and lost their money unfortunately. Consequently they regretted that they won big money suddenly. Winning the lottery there are still positive and negative effects. References ANON_NAME_0 Goodstein ANON_URLSPAGE_Lisa Sandberg Houston Chronicle Austin Bureau 2006 ANON_URLSPAGE_Bill Kirk and Emily Young Cash windfall can lead to downfall 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_Martin Bashir and Sara Holmberg Powerball Winner Says He's cursed 2007. ANON URLPAGE
