Haifa Pittsburgh Sister Cities Before I came to the United States I didn't know much about Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh was never a place I considered visiting when ever I came to the USA. Actually I never even heard of it. When my husband got accepted to the Tepper school of business at Carnegie Mellon University I start looking for information about the city. To my surprise I discovered that there are many similarities between Pittsburgh and Haifa my home town. When I arrived to Pittsburgh I talked to the Israelis that live here. It turns out that many of them are originally from Haifa and they all agree with me that although there are a lot of differences between Haifa and Pittsburgh both cities have many things in common. In this essay I will try to identify these similarities and differences. I will concentrate on five subjects 1 Climate 2 Topography and geography 3 Green 4 University City 5 People. Haifa's climate differs from that of Pittsburgh in many aspects. Haifa has a Mediterranean climate with very hot and dry summers and cool rainy winters. Spring arrives in March when temperature begin to increase. The average temperature in the summer which is very long is 83 here are only two main seasons winter and summer with almost no fall or spring. Haifa and Pittsburgh have similar characteristics when we compare the topography of both cities. Haifa is built on the slopes of Mount Carmel and therefore it not flat. Likewise Pittsburgh is not flat. Pittsburgh is also built on mountains and has lots of hills. Pittsburgh occupies the slopes of the river valley on the opposite side of the Monongahela and the ridges beyond. Many of the city's neighborhoods particularly the city's North Side and those areas south of the Bungalow are steeply sloped ANON_URLSPAGE_. However geographically we can see a big difference. Haifa is located on Israel's Mediterranean coastline in the Bay of Haifa which means that Haifa has large amount of beautiful beaches unlike Pittsburgh which has only rivers. Pittsburgh is on the Allegheny Plateau where the confluence of the Allegheny River from the northeast and Monongahela River from the southeast form the Ohio River ANON_URLSPAGE_. When we compare the size of Haifa and Pittsburgh we can see that both cities are almost the same size. Pittsburgh and Haifa are both considered to be medium sized metropolitans. In terms of population in Haifa there are over 264 900 residents ANON_URLSPAGE_where as in Pittsburgh there are almost 312 819 residents ANON_URLSPAGE_. In both of the cities you can see a lot of green areas. Haifa is soaked in dazzling green for example the Carmel Park which is a big park with lots of hiking trails and picnic areas including the Hai Bar which is a safari like zoo. In Haifa you can also see large amount of trees and vegetation in all of the neighborhoods. Like Haifa Pittsburgh has large amount of parks as well for example the 600 acres Frick Park and the 456 acres Shanley Park. In most of the neighborhoods in Pittsburgh you can find large amount of trees. In terms of higher education both cities have great universities to offer but what make them so similar is the fact that in Haifa and in Pittsburgh resides a leading university in the areas of sciences and engineering. Haifa is the home to Israel leading technology institute the Technion. The Technion is ranked very high world wide and has two noble prize winners. In Pittsburgh you can find Carnegie Mellon University which is also one of the best technology institutes in the United States and in the whole world and has produced many noble prize winners as well. Both of the universities have successful researches in many important subjects. There is a great exchange program between CMU and the Technion. This year 4 Israeli students had come to study in CMU as exchange students in the fields of computer science physics and electrical engineering. The unique aspect about both Haifa and Pittsburgh is the people. The special thing about both cities is that even though they are not small towns sometimes you have the feeling that they are small towns. In both cities people are very nice and are always happy to help you know many people and most of the time there is a safe feeling when you walk on the cities' streets. When you first think about these two cites you do not think that there is no room for comparison especially if you do not know both of them. In my mind I had different picture about Pittsburgh when I first heard about it. This picture changed as I was beginning to learn more about the city and especially when I came to live here. After living in both of cites I can definitely see a resemblance between Pittsburgh and Haifa. I am biased and will always prefer Haifa among the two. It is not easy to get used to the winter in Pittsburgh and I miss the beach but besides that Pittsburgh starting to grow on me and I am beginning to like it a lot mostly in the summer time.
