Compare Bangkok to Pittsburgh Everywhere in the world have different lifestyle culture and environment and these differences make each place has its own unique. Some people said that we cannot compare places to see that which one is the best and I agree with that. On one hand we might not be able to judge that which place is better on the other hand we can compare things between two places to see the differences and similarities. It has been a year and two months since I have moved from my hometown Bangkok the capital city of Thailand to Pittsburgh a city located in the Pennsylvania state and I have to adapt myself to some of the American lifestyle. Each Bangkok and Pittsburgh has its own lifestyle culture and environment. From my perception there are three main aspects that make Bangkok and Pittsburgh different weather transportation and things to do To start Bangkok has only three seasons which are summer rainy season and winter. Summer starts from March to May and the high temperature could climb up to 35 Degree Celsius and has a lot of humidity. Rainy season starts from June to October and have occational monsoon. So many times that Bangkok has problem with flood in town. Winter starts from November to February. Actually in Bangkok does not considered to be a very cold city in winter. Since the lowest possible temperature ranging from 26C to 29C it is considered as cool. For many travelers it is the best time to visit Bangkok. Whereas Pittsburgh has four seasons which are summer fall winter and spring. Summer starts from June to August and the temperature ranging from 20 30C but a lot dryer than in Bangkok. Fall starts from September to November and the weather is very nice. Trees started to change color and fall leaves and it is a sign for winter. Winter starts from December to February and has snow falls as well. The major differences that I can see for both cities are that Bangkok does not have fall and spring seasons. Also it does not have snow in winter at all. On the other hand Pittsburgh does not really have a rainy season however there is rain during the fall and winter season. Since the weather in Pittsburgh is a lot dryer than in Bangkok there is not much problem for the air pollution in Pittsburgh comparing to Bangkok. Next public transportation in Bangkok is different from Pittsburgh. Bangkok has many kinds of public transportation which are bus sky train subway boat taxi motorcycle taxi public van and Tuk Tuk a car that has 3 wheels . In contrast Pittsburgh has only bus short route subway in downtown and on call taxi. To get a taxi in Bangkok is very convenient because there are many of them driving around the city 24 7 I can also call for the service if I want. Unlike in Pittsburgh I have to call for the service only because there is no taxi driving around the city. However the bus system in Bangkok is not as good as in Pittsburgh. Bangkok does not have bus schedule so I cannot know the exact time of the bus. Even worst Bangkok has a lot of problem with the traffic so it is difficult to predict that when will the bus come. In contrast the bus in Pittsburgh is very convenient for the handicap people especially for the wheelchair people because they have a foldable steps and special area for them. Also they limited the number of the passenger if the passengers could not stand behind the yellow line the driver will not pick up more people. Unlike in Bangkok many buses still pick up more people even though it is packed. I find this very dangerous for the riders. In addition motorcycle taxi is another option for people living in a big city like Bangkok. Since the traffic is very bad motorcycle taxi seems to be the most convenient transportation for them. However it is considered as the most dangerous transportation as well. Whereas in Pittsburgh there is no motorcycle taxi provided to the public. The last thing that makes Bangkok and Pittsburgh different is things to do in both cities. In Pittsburgh there are a lot of museums and most of them offered free admission for students except for summer . Whereas there is not many museums like in Pittsburgh but they do offered free admission for students as well. In Pittsburgh there are shopping malls in certain area which can reach there with many buses line. In Bangkok it has a lot more shopping malls than in Pittsburgh. Also it is very convenient to go to different places in a day without wasting time waiting for the bus. This is because of the useful of the transportation provided in Bangkok. Also in Bangkok we have night market which open until around midnight to one o'clock in the morning. Furthermore there are a lot of cinemas in Bangkok than in Pittsburgh and they are located in every area that has shopping centre. Pittsburgh has many parks for its people to do activities and even just sitting and relaxing which is the same as in Bangkok. In conclusion since both Bangkok and Pittsburgh has its own outstanding characteristic it is impossible to say which city is better. The best way for people to say which city is best for them is to compare and see the difference in both city and make a decision of where they prefer to stay. Because in one city might fit for some people but it does not mean that it is as companion for the rest of them.
