What are the Effects of Poverty on children Simply the term poverty refers to a lack of money. According to the Wikipedia Poverty is the condition of lacking basic human needs such as nutrition clean water health care clothing and shelter because of the inability to afford them. War natural disaster and political instability can lead a country to poverty illness job loss and economic recession can cause people in destitution. Whatever underlying reason that leads to the poverty will bring about a series of negative effects on people's life especially on children's health education and violence. The great effect of poverty on children is to suffer poor health from illness malnutrition and starvation. The worse effect is that children living in poverty have a high mortality. The Wikipedia reports that every year nearly 11 million children living in poverty die before their fifth birthday. For example H1N1 are both widespread in the U. S. And Mexico and cause lots of people to die that many of them are children. However the mortality that H1N1 leads to in the U. S. Is absolutely lower than the one in Mexico one of underlying reason attributes to poverty. As we know in the world the U. S. Is the richest country which has perfectly medical system and adequate sanitation. On the contrary Mexico lacks these conditions because it is poorer than the U. S. Lacking education or educational underachievement is another effect of poverty. In the world some children living in poverty don't have chance to go to school owing to no compulsory education or free education in their country some can go to school but they are difficult to focus and concentrate on their study because their parents want to them to work for earning money or care their little sisters and brothers some receive a substandard education because they don't have a stable living situation and are forced to move frequently or attend under funded schools. All these children even difficultly sustain their elementary school middle school and high school how about to achieve a costly college. The last effect of poverty is no safe living environment. Teenagers living in poverty are more likely to experiment with drugs alcohol and risk sexual behavior. Poor teens are also more likely to engage in often unlawful acts ranging from minor shoplifting to serious gang activity. The areas that they live in often are disadvantaged such as slum district and disadvantaged inner cities being full of violence. The teens are very easy to be strongly affected by the violent environment and involve in. It is apparent that the effects of poverty on children's health education and violence are serious. How can we purge the obstacles to help children living in poverty to acquire their future success. Government and various non profit community organizations should institute a variety of programs to help lessen the effects of poverty on a child's development. For example offering free preschool to children from poor families setting up the groundwork for future academic success providing free or low cost health insurance to children in poverty and so on. The effects of poverty will be decreased if every country's government and societies attach importance to poverty Bibliography 1. Wikipedia n. D. . ANON URLPAGE
