The effects of poverty There are several billion of people living together in the world but not everyone can afford the necessities of life such as food clothing shelter and medicine. How about people who can't afford those How do they live their life Unlike others the poor struggle in many ways that people living above the poverty line do not experience. They have to suffer from poverty which leads many terrible effects to them health problems inadequate education and lack of opportunity. Poverty tends to make the poor unhealthy. Most poor people cannot afford enough food for themselves or their family. That means they will get less essential nutrition for their bodies. Due to inadequate nutrition they are not healthy enough to tolerate to many diseases. Not having enough money they cannot access suitable medical treatment when they were sick. Because of working hard and having little money the poor may less time taking care of their health. For example they may skip annual checking which help them to know how healthy they are. Poverty makes the poor to have in adequate education. The poor need to live in areas that pay little tax for school district. That means the quality of this area may slightly lower than the area that pay more tax. Because of not enough money the poor cannot support their children for high education. For example everyone who is going to study at university in the U. S. Has to pay more every year due to the rising of tuition. 1 Most children from poor family need to help their families to make more income. They use most energy for working more than studying that makes them have poor result. Therefore children who live below the poverty level will have less success in education than children who live above the poverty line. 2 Poverty is lack of opportunity and quality of life. In case the poor are skillful in something that they cannot afford they are far from opportunity to show their talent. For example it is difficult for the poor to provide piano for their children if they have ability in it. Having less money the poor don't want to spend their money to take vacations. They cannot have any hobby which is expensive. There will make the poor not enjoy their as other people. Most poor people live in areas which tend to have more violent. 51 Of fifth graders from New Orleans median income for a household 27 133 have been found to be victims of violence compared to 32 in Washington DC mean income for a household 40 127 . 3 Poverty is a problem which many countries in the world try to reduce the number of people who live below the poverty line. They have to suffer many terrible effects health problems inadequate education and lack opportunity. This problem is not the problem only governments but other people who live above the poverty line should corporate to solve it. If they think to eliminate poverty is impossible reducing a number of poor people is can be. Clark K. 2006 . College Tuition keeps rising. U. S. News. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Solley Bobbie A. 2005 . When Poverty's Children Write Celebrating Strengths Transforming Lives. Portsmouth NH Heinemann Inc Atkins M. S. McKay M. Talbott E. Arvantis P. 1996 . DSM IV diagnosis of conduct disorder and oppositional defiant disorder Implications and guidelines for school mental health teams School Psychology Review 25 274 283. Citing Osofsky J. D. Wewers S. Harm D. M. Fick A. C. 1993 . Chronic community violence What is happening to our children Psychiatry 56 36 45 and Richters J. E. Martinez P 1993 . The NIMH community violence project Vol. 1. Children as victims of and witnesses to violence Psychiatry 56 7 21.
