CAUSES OF HAPPINESS Everybody wants to sustain their life happily. Being happy is very easy for some people but for some it is very difficult. Generally getting successful on easy things is not honoring the important thing is achieving the tough things. However being happy is an exception of this rule. Happiness which is the most significant thing for human life is one of the easy things to get no wonder if you know how to get it. Health is the first thing we need to keep it during our life. Physically and psychologically if we are fine we should bless the God for giving us this present. However we always realize how much it worth when we got sick. Sometimes we think too much about very tiny things and have a bee in our bonnet about unnecessary things also make them big problems in our heads. But when we have a problem about our health we automatically forget the nonsense problems and start to focus on how we get healthy again. Thus for everyone the first key of happiness should be our health. Having a nice and indulgent family is another reason to have a happy life. Family is very important for a human's life and future. Even if a person has its own personality and habits we are a copy of our parents. They are the one who take care of us all the time and taught the things we know from to 'A' to 'Z'. Denying of their importance on our life is a big injustice. In addition sibling's significance is another reality we should not disregard. We grow up with our siblings and effect and learn many things from each other. They are going to be the one with us when we get in trouble on something in the future just like our parents are going to do. We spend our big part of life with studying. Sometimes it gives us a feeling like it is never going to end. However whatever we do about studying and self improvement is for our future and for having a good job and career. Having a comfortable life that means for some people earning money more than we can sustain our life having a nice house and car also satisfying a bank account is the main point of life. But it doesn't mean that a person who are having these things are certainly is going to be happy. People have a consensus about wealth is a great feeling. But being happy is hidden in small things and usual thing we already we have. It is very good to work on something to achieve but we should be sure that the result is going to be satisfy us or not. No matter how much a person earns in a month having a job and career makes people very happy. Love affection empathy wisdom patience altruism generosity compassion kindness morality are not the only attributes which make us happy. Those are the attributes make the people happy around us. Searching happiness in unapproachable things is a nonsense waste of time. Virtually realizing happiness is very easy. It depends on where you try to find out. The things in you already have or the things in you haven't have it yet. People should bear in mind that an unhappy person can't make another person happy. Initially we should realize how easy being happy.
