Contrasting Saudi Arabia to America There are two sides to every coin Everything in this world has two sides just like a coin. In other words there is a bad side and a good side of everything. I believe that this proverb can be applied for everything in life from important things like belief and religion to less important things like drinking and clothing. Everybody has his own perspective or reasons to like or dislike things in life. However our opinion is usually affected by the culture and the values we grew up with. For example when we see somebody eat insects we think it is wrong or disgusting just because we did not use to see someone eat them around us. But that is wrong because if we were from a culture where eating insects is a common thing we might eat them insects as well. What I am trying to say is difference habits are not wrong they are just different. The coin rule can be applied for cultures and societies as well as everything else. Things that are holy in some societies might be prohibited in others. These similarities or differences are mainly consequences of religion traditions and values. Like the other cultures the Saudi and the American cultures have similarities and differences. The most obvious differences are entertainment social life and eating habits. Contrasting Saudi and American cultures reveals some surprising differences. First countries all over the world including America have movie theaters but for every rule there is an exception that exception is Saudi Arabia we do not have any movie theater in Saudi Arabia. In the US I need three minutes to go to the nearest theater to my apartment on the other hand in KSA I need to drive for two hours and cross the borders to Bahrain for a movie. In addition people who live on the Red Sea need to take a flight for four hours or drive for twelve hours to go to Bahrain just to watch a movie. And it is the same thing for other kind of theaters. Second because the weather in Saudi Arabia is always hot when people go out they go to malls. However those malls are just for families single men are not allowed to entire them unlike America whose malls are for all the people male and female. So if you are a single guy in KSA you should always go out with girls and forget about hanging out with guys. But it does not sound right does it As you may know we are prevented from meeting girls so how is that possible To answer this question let me rewrite a previous sentence. If you are a single guy in KSA you should always go out with females from your family like your mother!!! Americans thinks that there is discrimination against women in Saudi Arabia but for all single Saudi guys and me it is against single men. While Americans go to bars to drink the only place in Saudi Arabia where men can go are hookah bars which usually provide cable channels so guys can watch movies and plays. The social life in Saudi Arabia has differences from the social life in America. In America straight men do not kiss each other on the cheeks when they meet but in Saudi Arabia they do. Actually many Saudis stopped kissing in America because people may think they are gay. As I said before there are no friendship between males and females in Saudi Arabia but it is common in the US. Let me clarify this point we do not have any kind of connection with the opposite sex before marriage. Like we do not study with them in schools neither in the universities and there are no female teachers for boys even in elementary school and vice versa. Next we have different concepts of families. The typical Saudi family has from six to twelve members without the parents in contrast to four to five members including the parents which is the typical American family. Furthermore even if we have big families we always sit together in the living room for most of the day but the Americans every one stay at his room most of the time. Most the families in Saudi Arabia gather every week to meet their cousins contrasted with once a year for American families. Due to the huge distance between Saudi Arabia we have different eating habits. While Saudi people sit on the floor at banquets Americans sit on chairs. Rice is the main dish in Saudi Arabia whereas Americans do not eat it that often. We most of the time eat rice with our right hands while Americans use spoons and I think there is no difference between using the right or the left hand. Saudis eat camels but Americans do not. In addition many Americans eat pork but we do not because it is prohibited by our religion. In conclusion even if we are different in some aspects we should not forget that we have similarities as well. There are differences in the way people are having fun in the two countries. Such as going to the movies in America contrasting to a hookah bar in Saudi Arabia. There are differences in the social life as well as entertainment in the US and KSA. Like there is no any kind of connection between guys and girls in Saudi Arabia whereas in America all the guys are walking with girls. The huge distance between the two countries created differences in the eating habits in the two countries. Americans eat with forks and knives while Saudis Arabia we use their hands to eat many kinds of dishes. Overall every one of us is following his culture even if he does not agree with it.
