The Effects of Poverty Poverty is the most challenging problem all over the world due to the complexity of the underlying causes. According to The Washington Times 2009 2. 8 Million Americans were below the poverty line in 2008. Governments are unable to eradicate poverty or to amend people's lifestyle. Therefore economists and experts have tried to find the causes and establish reduction of the attributed factors. As we all know an inadequate income and unsatisfied wage can lead to more serious sequences such as an uneducated society increasing crime and disease. All in all parents are unable to pay the tuition of their children which increases illiteracy in poor countries. Low income forces children to stop going to schools even though they are free owing to school's requirements. According to Global Issues Organization 121 million children are out of education worldwide. In addition poor countries usually don't offer school for public because of lacking money. Therefore it increases children who cannot read or write even their names. The second effect of poverty is increasing crime rate more than normal range. Everyone struggles to be surviving leading him to make any effort to get money or food to protect him form death. Furthermore hanger obliges people to do illegal things without ahead thinking of consequences. What do expect from people who live in poor countries lacking of security and continuing wars The last but not least disease spreading is a reflection of poverty. The rate of public health in Europe and America is higher than is in Sub Saharan Africa. Also the most shocking the fact that 2. 2 Million children die each year because they are not immunized according to The United Nations Children's Fund. AIDS and serious disease are increasing in poor countries and mortality is high. In conclusion effects of poverty are uneducated society increasing crime and disease. It is possible to eliminate poverty from the world by our aids. Why we ignore struggling communities Do they deserve what they are suffering from Why wealthy nations turn their faces away from them These questions and others are asked every day but no response. I thank everyone who contributes in poor aids and he does his best to lessen poverty and to able people live in peace and prosperity.
