Monsters and ghosts in the United Statas and Japan The existence of monsters and ghosts which scare people are found all over the world. For example these scary monsters are often found in the culture of Halloween in United States when people wear horrible costumes. In Japan it is very common to talk about ghost stories in summer to cool down sogginess with hair raising tales. People usually fear evil existence such as ghosts zombies vampires and werewolves. At the same time they could be a one of entertainment seen in the books TV programs and movies. I am also the one who enjoys these unreal horrors as entertainment. The characteristics these monsters in various regions are similar in a point that they are evil and unfavorable for human being. However monsters and ghosts often seen in the United States are very different from those of Japanese in appearance reason for existence and behaviors. First appearances of monsters often seen in the United States are very diverse from those in Japan. Monsters such as a zombie Frankenstein a werewolf and a vampire are often seen in the books and films as popular entertainments of the United States. The appearances of these monsters of the United States tend to be very fearful and grotesque which is completely different from ordinary human appearance. For example zombie wears ragged clothes and has serious injuries on the whole body and a werewolf almost looks like rugged biped waking wolf. Compared to these monsters in the United States the scary existences which are often seen in Japanese books and films tend to be ghosts. The typical ghosts who are called Yurei in Japan seem more similar to ordinary human than that of the United States however it is sometimes transparent and or lacking legs and feet. There are also monsters which are called Yokai in Japan. Japanese monsters Yokai have sometimes scary and unique looking as well as the monsters of United States. However some of them have very similar appearance to humans or sometimes animals such as a raccoon dog or a fox. Therefore Japanese monsters and ghosts are sometimes drawn more realistically and more related with daily life than the Americans. In addition Japanese ghosts are difficult to notice from a distance so the real fear comes up when we became really close to the existence. Also Japanese ghosts and monsters sometimes never show the physical appearance except their voice in front of people. Consequently the monsters of the United States are attributed to more visual effects which scare people and unrealistic images compared to those of Japanese which has subtle less visual features and more realistic. Next there are also differences of reasons for the existence of monsters and ghosts between Japanese and United States. Japanese ghosts usually have strong souls and they exist because they have sprits. On most traditional stories of ghosts in Japan the reasons for existence of them are usually emotion of grudge and lingering feeling for their life or someone who is living. A story which a woman who is betrayed by a man and die becomes a ghost and show up in front of the man to revenge is a very typical ghost story in Japan. This story is related deeply with ideas such as reincarnation and karma come from Buddhism which is one of main religions in Japan. Concepts of transmutation and transmigration lie at the core of Buddhist theology in Japan as elsewhere and it is not surprising that the body would be understood as a temporary lodging place in which a movable spirit resides . M. D. Foster 2009 p. 6 Also Japanese monsters Yokai exist to tell people to have appreciation and awe against their life in nature. Compare to Japanese monsters and ghosts the reason of existence of the evils of the United States tend to be vaguer or drawn as evils itself. For example definition of a zombie is a dead body without soul. Sometimes existence of monsters such as a werewolf Frankenstein and vampires also related to religious aspects in the West. According to P. Day 2006 the concept of vampire is considered as unholy reanimated body came to symbolize dark perversion of a central Christian article of faith. After all the differences in characters of the monsters are deeply connected to the differences of the religious ideas between Japanese and Americans. Third the behaviors of monsters in the United States are also very different from those of Japan. The differences of these are reflected well in the horror movies of Japan and the United States. For example the monsters and evils in the traditional movies in Hollywood are often comes with scary screaming sound or big sound effects which frightened people. On the other hand the movie which features Japanese ghosts doesn't generate much sound when they appear. The behaviors of Japanese ghosts are unnoticeable and silent so that the fears depend on mental aspects rather than physical ones. In other words compared to the horror movies related to fear of being attacked by monsters in the United States the horror movies in Japan have more relation with mental fear of invisible ghosts and natural sounds which are made by water dropping and the footsteps in silence. Japanese have enjoyed and felt already familiar with the stories and movies which feature monsters of the United States for several decades. On the other hand the concept of Japanese ghosts and monsters seems to emerge in American society recently. Japanese horror movie called the Ring which was an adaptation from a novel and remaked in the United States was interesting example to demonstrate the typical ways of Japanese horror. In conclusion finding the differences of monsters and ghosts between Japanese and American is very interesting. As I wrote in this essay the differences are come from the diversities of both cultures. Both monsters and ghosts have unique characteristics and are deep rooted with the religions of both cultures. By globalization these monsters all over the world are sometimes unified or combined in movies and books. Before all it is true that there is a lot of fun in the stories of monsters and ghosts on both cultures however we fear the existence of them much. I am expecting the monsters and the ghosts which combined both cultures to give us a new style fear in near future.
