Pittsburgh and Riyadh Every country has its own culture. Along distance between one of the biggest cities in the United States of America called Pittsburgh and the capital city of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia called Riyadh makes diverse differences. Both cities have plenty of international people who many of whom are seeking for work or pursuing their education. In addition increasing number of the people in the two cities has attributed to find enormous advantages. Obviously each city has its own system and method in variety aspects such as public transportation education medical care for the citizen food and dress. It is known that both cities are huge and modern in which they have a great deal of factories universities and hospitals. However some people are familiar with their traditions but some may not get along with their traditions. The culture in Riyadh and the culture in Pittsburgh are different in many ways. Each city has its own special characteristics. The weather is absolutely the biggest contrast between Pittsburgh and Riyadh. Also the position of both cities makes clearly difference in the weather. In Pittsburgh it is more common to rain every season in all year but in Riyadh there is one season of rain in spring. From my point of view the weather in winter at Pittsburgh is miserable and gloomy because it has lots of snow in winter Unlike Riyadh which does not have snow in winter. Pittsburgh has humid wind in the summer whereas Riyadh has dry wind in the summer. Also both cities has warm summer season. Moreover there are greener land rivers and beautiful environment in Pittsburgh. On the other hand Riyadh has a large span of desert. The people in Pittsburgh enjoy breathing pure air and have many Parking areas to spend some nice time during summer days. For example Pittsburghers have a lot of activities which is coordinated in summer and they have camping such as some organization universities or friends unify together and have a beautiful garden and amazing nature. In contrast to Riyadh which has a lot of dust and pollution because there are many factories. So people in Riyadh do not have chance to go outside their house due to high temperature and no greenery no parking area and some is artificial garden. In Riyadh the temperature reaches to 50 Celsius in summer which equals to 122 Fahrenheit. According to Dr Aljeery he said We live ''era gases Dr. ANON_NAME_0 Aljeery Said leading astronomy Arabian Gulf was our planet since ancient times and are now God willing will be exposed to climate change in the foreseeable future and assert that resulting from global warming resulting from the factories fumes of carbon dioxide rising to the top of the atmosphere and this give rise to high surface temperature which in turn to melting the poles and hence an increase in sea levels and this would flood coastal citied out and enter the mouth of the rivers turn to salt water Aljeery 2009 July 22 No 15003 from ANON_URLSPAGE_Alriyadh Newspaper From my philosophy people in each city have their own distinct food habits. Even though both cities have similarities in widespread of international restaurant both cities have different traditions restaurants as well. In Pittsburgh there are all kinds of international food but in Riyadh there is some international food. The people in Riyadh eat Halal meat which has to be process by killing the sheep chicken or beef and cut their heads by the knife. Also the people in Riyadh eat some kinds of meat such as lamb camel as well as goat. However Pittsburghers eat pork fast food Pizza and many of vegetarian. Also in Pittsburgh has several freezing food unlike people in Riyadh who like to eat fresh food and there is no many vegetarian people. From my perspective the taste of freezing food is absorbed by refrigerator and all restaurants in Riyadh make fresh food. Something which is strange in Pittsburgh is you cannot find shop preparing fresh juice compare to Riyadh that have a great many shops preparing fresh juice. The habit of people's eating in Pittsburgh is using fork spoon and knife and eat at table while the habit of people's eating in Riyadh is by right hand only and seat on the floor. Additionally the main meal in Pittsburgh is dinner but in Riyadh the main meal is lunch. Eating time meals are different in both cities which they eat the meals early in Pittsburgh every day such as the lunch is 12 00 pm and dinner is 6 00 pm while in Riyadh the lunch is around 2 00 pm and the dinner is around 9 00 pm. A very apparent characteristic between the people in Pittsburgh and Riyadh is the clothing habits. The clothing is completely different for both males and females. The males in Riyadh wear Saudi style dress called ''Gotrah'' that covers the head in red or white and Also wear Thobe that covers the whole body with variety kinds of color. In contrast Pittsburghers' males wear trouser shirt jeans hat and sweater. The women in each country have diverse style of cloth. In Riyadh the girls who are older than 10 years in common cover their faces hair hands and whole body in front of the foreign people while they can uncover their faces with their families and females as well as they cannot go alone anywhere. On the other hand in Pittsburgh the girls wear whatever they like and can go alone in anywhere. The formal dress for males in Riyadh is the traditional dress in the parties going to work celebrating weeding or national day. However the formal dress for males in Pittsburgh is trousers ties and coat with long sleeves that wear over other clothes when they go to formal event. In conclusion the various cultures is different from country to another which notice that difference between the people's culture in Riyadh and the people's culture in Pittsburgh such as the food habit and dress habit. Everyone should acknowledge the people's culture which many people rising on what they learn from their society. Riyadh and Pittsburgh have an international people from over the world give their citizen the opportunity in learning many various cultures and how to dealing with people.
