Difference Between Fast Food and Homemade Food According to Eric Schlosser Fast food is very common now so people can't avoid it as though it is some inevitable in a fact of modern life. Nowadays fast food is very popular because it is comfortable and easy to access. Therefore a lot of people go to the fast food restaurants instead of making a food at home. Nevertheless the popularity of fast food there are another movement which is called slow food to contrast fast food. They prefer homemade food which is made at home using fresh materials than fast food. Some people still like fast food very much on the other hand other people don't like fast food and they love to cook at home. They are different because there are some several differences between eating fast food and eating home made food such as time accessibility and health. One of the facts what is different between fast food and homemade food is the time. As the name of the fast food fast food is amazingly fast on the other hand homemade food needs a mount of time because the fast food company manipulate the way of making food easy which shorten the time. The fast food restaurants company unified their menu which has a same recipe of making all over the world and they already prepared its materials. An employee who works for the fast food company can make food easily using equipped materials by prepared order. Therefore you can get your food as soon as when you order the fast food. Also most of fast food restaurants have a drive thru system which shorten the time going into the restaurant so you can order food inside your car and wait as moving your car then you get your food immediately. On contrast making homemade takes a lot of time. If you want to make a food at home initially you have to buy some materials which is required to make a certain food. After you have to wash or cut them for easy to eat. Sometimes you can eat raw food but most times you have to grill or boil them. Some recipes of food are very complex so it takes more than 2 hours making them. As a result getting fast food takes less time than making homemade food. The other factor of differences between fast food and homemade food is the accessibility. Fast food is more easy to access than homemade food. I can see more than 5 fast food restaurants where there are a lot of people waiting to buy some food when I go to the school in the morning like me you can see many fast food restaurants near your house. Also most of fast food restaurants have similar menus all over the world so people are never reluctant to order the food. For instance when I came to America I saw divers restaurants but I was little hesitate to go inside. Because I don't have enough information about those restaurants on the other hand I knew the fast food restaurant where have same menu in my country. On contrast homemade food is difficult to access because its range is diverse. It is hard to justify what is the exactly homemade food. If it is made at home except frozen food or retortable pouch it could be a homemade food. Some of homemade foods are easy to make but some of them need a lot of materials which can not be found easily and complicating process. If you do a mistake in this process it might be transformed graceful homemade food into trash. One day my mother made a risotto for dinner. In the process of making risotto she poured lemon juice twice than the recipe so it makes risotto too sour. Although she made effort to make that food any of our family couldn't eat it even one spoon. Getting a fast food has better accessibility than homemade food because the sort of homemade food is diverse and it is difficult to make it successfully. The last different thing is the effect of our body. Compared with nutrition between fast food and homemade food fast food has a great deal of salt than homemade food. For example if you eat a homemade cheeseburger you will get 354. 25Mg sodium. On the other hand if you go to the McDonald's and order a Big Mac you will get 1050mg sodium. The sodium in Big Mac is three times higher than in a homemade cheeseburger. This is one example but if you look up more information you could know it is evident that fast food has more sodium than homemade food. Also excessive sodium intake might lead several kind of diseases like high blood pressure edema. Usually fast food is high calories food compared with homemade food. In the example which compared with a homemade cheeseburger and a Big Mac homemade cheeseburger has 372 calories only 189 calories are transformed fat. However one Big Mac has a 600 calories half of them 300 calories are transformed fat. In other words fast food has many calories than homemade food it is attributed high calories food to some kind of disease such as obesity arteriosclerosis. Consequently fast food is less healthy than homemade food. Now we are living in fast food kingdom. I can see a lot of fast food restaurants not only near my house but also everywhere. Fast food is very convenient because it takes little time and easy to get without making effort. When you go to fast food restaurant you might feel that it has been prepared for your flavor. Also it is much easy to access. You are exposed to fast food restaurant through commercial or in near your house. Homemade food has less convenient and accessible than fast food. However homemade food is better for health than fast food. I still like fast food but for my health I need homemade food frequently.
