CAUSES OF HAPPINESS Everybody wants to live their life happily. Being happy is very easy for some people but for some it is very difficult. Generally being successful on easy things is not awarded the important thing is achieving the tough things. However being happy is an exception of this rule. Happiness which is the most significant thing for human life is one of the easy things to get if you know how to get it. Health is the first thing we need to keep. Physically and psychologically if we are fine we should bless God for giving us this present. However we always realize how much it is worthy for us when we get sick. Sometimes we think too much about very tiny things and have a bee in our bonnet about unnecessary things and also make them as a big problem in our heads. But when we have a problem about our health we automatically forget the nonsense problems and start to focus on how to get healthy again. Thus for everyone the first key of happiness should be our health. Having a nice and indulgent family is another way to have a happy life. Family is very important for a human's life and future. Even if a person has his her own personality and habits everyone is a copy of his her parents. They are the people who take care of us all the time and think the things we know from to 'A' to 'Z'. In addition the sibling's significance is another reality we should not disregard. We grow up with our siblings and effected and learn many things from each other. They are going to be the people with us when we get in trouble just like our parents are going to do. We spend our big part of life with studying. Sometimes it makes us feel like it is never going to end. However whatever we do about studying and self improvement is for our future and for having a good job and career. Having a comfortable life means for some people earning more money than we sustain our life and also having a nice house car and a satisfied bank account. But it doesn't mean that a person who has these things is going to be happy definitely. People have a consensus for wealth is a great feeling. But being happy is hidden in small things and usual things we already had. It is very good to work on something to achieve but we should be sure that the result is going to satisfy us. No matter how much a person earns in a month having a job and career makes people very happy. Love affection empathy wisdom patience altruism generosity compassion kindness morality are not the only attributes which make us happy. Those are the attributes make the people around us happy. Searching happiness in unreachable things is a pointless waste of time. Realizing happiness is very easy. It depends on where you try to find. The things you already have or the things in you haven't had yet. People should bear in mind that an unhappy person can't make another person happy. Initially we should realize how easy being happy. 563 BCE Shakyamuni Buddha his friend Benjamin Worden 2000 CE ANON URLPAGE
