What is Behind Illiteracy With the progress of our society the illiteracy rate has been declining conspicuously over the past century Boaz 1999 para. 7 . However the more advanced the world becomes the more illiteracy stands out in modern life. It is hard to imagine a person who lives in a metropolis without recognizing texts. It's like a patient with dyslexia. What causes illiteracy in modern society In my opinion illiteracy is not only caused by the failure of education but also by many underlying issues in our society such as economics politics etc. Poverty is the primary cause of illiteracy. As an ancient Chinese proverb says you must have food before you think about etiquette. Due to the lack of money the poor can't go to school and poor countries don't have enough money to build adequate schools to accommodate all students. Consequently the poor fail to read and write. According to United Nations statistics List and Illiteracy 2009 the literacy rate varies widely from country to country and it parallels the economy the poorer the country the more illiteracy. We can take Benin Background and Benin 2009 a west African country with 738 per capita GDP as an example. The illiteracy rate is 34. 7 By 2008 in this country. By comparing Benin with the U. S which has only 1 illiteracy rate with about 28 000 per capita GDP List and Illiteracy 2009 we can see that the illiteracy rate in developing countries is higher than that in developed ones. On this point the economy accounts for illiteracy. In addition low expenditure on education leads to illiteracy. Governments are responsible for the fiscal distribution for education. If a government arbitrarily spends little on education then the children in its country can't go to school which causes illiteracy. Costa Rica Blass Hartmann 2007 p. 89 For example is not a rich country but its illiteracy rate is very low. The main reason is that the government appropriates a huge proportion of GDP on public education. Therefore even an affluent country will generate the illiteracy issue if the government doesn't endow schools. Finally some education frameworks have their disadvantages that lead to illiteracy. China is an example on this point. With the development of the economy the illiteracy rate became much lower than before in China. However the illiterate population remains huge. One of the reasons is that something is wrong with the education system. Compared with the U. S's China's education adopts a frustration model instead of an encouragement one. The students feel frustrated facing the teachers' and parents' frequent criticism. Moreover grading seems to become the sole purpose of the education under this system. As a result some students lose their interest in school and some of them discontinue their schooling. Hence it is necessary to exploit an effective teaching system in this kind of countries like China to bring the students back to the classrooms. We can perhaps learn from the U. S. Which has very small illiterate population with an excellent education system. We acknowledge that we have a long way to go to reach zero illiteracy. To eliminate illiteracy we must coordinate to enhance our economy government and education system to reduce the problems listed above. We shouldn't simply attribute illiteracy to one aspect. Any bias against or preference to one factor would inevitably result in educational failure. We anticipate we will transform illiteracy into literacy globally in the future. References Background Note Benin. 2009 September . Retrieved from the U. S Deartment of States web site ANON URLPAGE. Blass L. Hartmann P. 2007 . Quest listening and speaking Level 3 2nd edition. New York McGraw Hill. Boaz D. 1999 January 20 . Illiteracy The bad news and the good. Retrieved November 8 2009 from The Cato Institute Web site ANON URLPAGE. List of countries by literacy rate. 2009 . In wikipedia online. Retrieved from web site ANON URLPAGE.
