Effects of Obesity In spite of the nutrition and many diets people follow them nowadays many families are suffering from extremely overweight. People might be weight over limit of normal standards. Being obese means that the person has a major health problem that needs medical help. The rate of obesity is in rise which means an enormous number of overweight people. Obesity has a great many negative effects on obese people life. Firstly obesity can contribute to chronic health conditions. Obesity can increases the risk of cardiovascular diseases such as stroke some cancers high blood pressure high cholesterol and diabetes which is one of the risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. Kirby 2009 . Overweight people may not be able to do things that normal weight people can do. They can't do any physical activity in their daily lives. For example they can't walk a long distance. They feel pain in their ankles due to their weight and then stop walking. So the amount of fat in their bodies is higher than normal people. Consequently they develop their problem and increase the trouble of their weight. Health problems will lead obese to die on an early age. Secondly obesity can affect the mentality of the obese. Overweight people suffer from depression and frustration. One study found that the longer children are obese the more they are at risk for depression and other mental disorders Lawson 2003 . Even though obese people try to say or do some things to create a funny environment they keep their suffering within themselves. A few obese people are addicted to anything such as cigarettes drugs or alcohol just to stop thinking about their weights. However obese people don't acknowledge their problems and don't seek a doctor's help. As a result they aggravate their trouble and they might try to put an end to their lives by suicide. Thirdly obese people have social isolation. Most of them can't interact with normal people. They send a greeting card to their families in family events such as Christmas' dinner wedding or birthday. They can't participate in any social events or even a small party. Because of their appearance they embarrass and isolate themselves from normal people. For example one Saudi fat student came to the US without his family his wife and children . He felt so shame from his body so he avoided people as he could. Now he is obese and need medical intervention. Furthermore obese students don't feel comfortable in schools. A few normal students try to harass and hurt them. For example they tell some jokes about the obese in front of them. So many overweight students don't have friends. Some of them prefer to study online. Due to their embarrassment obese people have unsuccessful relationship. In conclusion obesity is an abnormal weight which is a common problem these days. It has a lot of significant impacts in obese people lives. These include physical problems mental problems and social problems. Obese people can't prevent these bad effects. Also the rate of obesity is an alarming rise. Obesity may decrease the longevity of people. Obese people have a real problem that should deal with and find a solution for survive. 1 Willow Lawson. 2003 . Are you overweight Depressed. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_2 Kirby ANON_NAME_0. 2009 . What are the Health Effects of Obesity . The genuine article. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE.
