The Effects of Sudden Wealth If you won the lottery how would you feel Many people want to be rich and some of them buy lottery tickets expecting win it. People think if they had a lot of money there would be no troubles for them. After they become millionaires suddenly there are still negative as well as positive effects. People enjoy winning the lottery no matter how but they cannot know how to control the money and unfortunately lose their money. Some are in debt finally they regret that they suddenly won big money. First one of the effects is that people enjoy winning the lottery. Some people will celebrate it openly such as having parties or showing T. V. Others will celebrate only themselves it secretly because they are afraid of react of others. Imagine that you won the lottery and became a millionaire. How joyful and delightful!!! You would like to express this happiness no matter how. For example I saw a news article Martin Bashir and Sara Holmberg 2007 Jack Whittaker who grew up very poor in Jumping Branch W. VA. He said that he never had a lot of luxuries and a car. Instead he won 315 million on Christmas morning in 2002. And he celebrated his good fortune. His family became celebrities overnight and would appear on no fewer than 8 T. V. Shows. I saw the other case's man which celebrated only himself secretly. An anonymous writer 2009 He is a Korean and lived his parents and a sister together. When he won the lottery he did not say this fact to anyone. He thought that if he said the truth many people who he has known well including his family would ask for money. Second people cannot know how to control money and unfortunately lose their money. If you got lots of money what would you do Would not do you anything which you could never do before buying cars and houses which you would like to have but you could not buy as usual because of high costs. Moreover you would give the money to your family or donate it for charities. Most people who won the lottery did it as you would. For example Jack Whittaker donated his money for charities as if he were a Santa Claus. And he bought houses and cars and gave them to his family with cash. His granddaughter started to use illegal drugs with this money and after two years she was found dead. Unfortunately he lost not only his money but also his family. How a terrible tragedy! Evelyn Adams who won the New Jersey lottery twice got 5. 4 Million and also lost money at the slot machines in Atlantic City. And now she lives in a trailer because her money is all gone. Suzanne Mulins won 4. 2 Million in the Virginia lottery. Now she is deeply in debt to a company that lent her money using the winnings as collateral. She said that the house cars and relatives ate the whole pot. ANON_NAME_0 Goodstein Finally people regret that they suddenly won big money. Martin Barshir and Sara Holmberg wrote 2007 Jack Whittaker now says he regrets winning the lottery and he believes that the Powerball win had become a curse. And Evelyn Adams also said she made mistakes and some regretted. William Bud Post who is 65 years old and won 16. 2 Million in the Pennsylvania lottery in 1988 but now lives on his social security. He said I wish it never happened. It was totally a nightmare. Lotteries do not mean anything to me. ANON_NAME_0 Goodstein ANON_NAME_1 Rodriquez who won 8. 9 Million in the state lottery thought that he had won it all but now he lives in the same mobile home in Jourdanton and he wishes he had not been so lucky. Lisa Sandberg 2006 In conclusion many people wanted to be rich and some of them bought lottery tickets expecting win it. Some of them won it and they became millionaires suddenly. As a result of that they felt happy and pleasant and celebrated it with his family for a while but they did not know how to control the money and unfortunately lost it. Consequently they regretted that they suddenly won big money. Winning the lottery there are still negative as well as positive effects. References ANON_NAME_0 Goodstein 8 lottery winners who lost their millions 11. 12. 2009 ANON_URLSPAGE_Lisa Sandberg Houston Chronicle Austin Bureau 2006 11. 12. 2009 ANON_URLSPAGE_Martin Bashir and Sara Holmberg Powerball Winner Says He's cursed 2007 11. 12. 2009 ANON_URLSPAGE_An anonymous writer A story of lottery winner 2009 11. 12. 2009 ANON URLPAGE
