Compare or contrast college education and vocational training. Which one would you prefer to attend if you had your choice Why Education is a foundation of a country it's an undoubtedly truth. Based on the education our society is developed and grows up by people's effort. Generally the education system is divided as two aspects one is a college education which is focus on academic knowledge the other one is vocational training education that helps people to find and adapt their job environment. From my perspective both of them are crucial for our society but I think college education is more important than the other one. There are so many proofs which indicate this concept college education stress the principle of knowledge college education provides more creativity space for students. In addition college education is not only a cradle of knowledge but also creating personality and thinking module. Comparing college education with vocational training education their final purpose which helps people to find a job is very similar. However their stuff is very diverse. Vocational training school usually provides a particular subject to study and academic education usually bases on the basic subject which is very abstract. However Vocational training which has less time than college education makes them should simplify and omit some details. In this situation you know how to do this job but you don't know the principle which you should understand. Sometime people usually complain about college education is too inflexible and bookish and doubt that why we should study this because we don't need this abstract knowledge in our job. What I want to justify is that college provides more time to teach students to understand a root of any knowledge it's good for you. For example a root of a tree is not revealed for us but the root provides a nutrition which full of the tree. I agree that we should contact some vocational training which helps us to find the association between academic courses and the jobs. Probably you can't understand value of college education in a small period and recognize academic education is useless. When you are aware of some solutions which you get is based on your academic foundation you will change your mind. Undoubtedly vocational training gives people an efficient course to get a job but if you want to realize the knowledge and have a good foundation academic education can give you more benefits. In addition the opportunity which vocational training can't provide is creativity. College education usually encourage student to contact different regions which is not your major. The reason is that they predict it sparks your creativity. In academic education system they not only ask you to study deeply they want you to cooperate with different people and have some new ideas from them. I believe that vocation training still encourages students to develop their creativity but they usually ask them to do thing very accurately and give them less space. How can I discriminate between a master and a workman In my opinion the workman executes their job like robot even although their works are perfect the value can't be increased. Comparing with the master their creation usually inspires people and promotes the level. Developing a workman is not different but developing a master is pretty hard. The advantages of the academic are incorporating all benefits which you can collect and transfer a new possibility which you create. Based on my concepts sometime I doubt why I should study this subject if it's nothing to do with my job I will forget it finally. Whatever I discover that college education teaches me not only subject but also teaches us a logical thinking method. In my academic training observation assimilation building and application are the standard research method in my professional area it sounds pretty easy however how to observe how to assimilate every step is correspond to still imitating and practicing. Besides you should study that how to observe in different sides and get the proof to support your opinion. Actually it's a kernel value of college education. In this side it's a weakness for vocational training. Due to any academic course which is a process to help you build your comprehension and logic system. I appreciate that I experienced this training it helps me reinforce new knowledge studying. I'm not afraid of any new technology which even though I never contact. Compared with vocational training they didn't stress this training it leads their ability is restricted. Basically vocational training focuses on imitating and executing and academic focuses on realizing and designing. Due to how much hard they have reveals how much important they are it's a very relevant point for academic education. The advantages the academic education they have complete the weakness the vocational they have both of them are necessary but the academic education is more challenged. Both academic education and vocational training are crucial for our society. Indeed they are not parallel and complement each other. Based on my opinions the purpose of academic education is looking forward to developing a master which has independent thinking ability and creativity ability. The vocational training's purpose is to teach people skills which they need in their career. Besides vocational training is relevant to the real situation I face and sometimes academic education exists in the ideal world. I prefer to academic education is that I figure the ability they teaches is easy for you to adapt the real situation in short time and the treasure they give can't be replaced by vocational training. Whatever deep foundation more creativity and the college atmosphere are the causes that I have a bias for academic education.
