The effects of poverty There are several billion people living together in the world but not everyone can afford the necessities of life such as food clothing shelter and medicine. How about people who can't afford those How do they live their life Unlike others the poor struggle in many ways that people living above the poverty line do not experience. They have to suffer from poverty which leads many terrible effects health problems inadequate education and lack of opportunity. Poverty tends to make the poor unhealthy. Most poor people cannot afford enough food for themselves or their family. That means they will get less essential nutrition for their bodies. Due to inadequate nutrition they are not healthy enough to tolerate many diseases. Not having enough money they cannot access suitable medical treatment when they are sick. Because of working hard and having little money the poor may have little time to take care of their health. For example they may skip annual check which helps them to know how healthy they are. Poverty makes the poor have inadequate education. The poor need to live in areas that pay little tax for a school district. That means the quality of this area may have slightly lower than the area that pay more taxes. Because of not having enough money the poor cannot support their children for higher education. For example everyone who is going to study at university in the U. S. Has to pay more every year due to the rising of tuition. Clark 2006 Most children from poor families need to help their families to make more income. They use most of energy for working more than studying. Consequently they have poor result. Therefore children who live below the poverty level will have less success in education than children who live above the poverty line. Solley 2005 Poverty is a lack of opportunity and quality of life. In case the poor are skillful in something that they cannot afford they are far from an opportunity to show their talent. For example it is difficult for the poor to provide piano for their children if they have musical ability. Having less money the poor don't want to spend their money to take vacations. They cannot have any expensive hobby. It will make the poor not enjoy their life as same as other people. Most poor people live in areas which tend to have more violence. 51 Of fifth graders from New Orleans median income for a household 27 133 have been found to be victims of violence compared to 32 in Washington DC mean income for a household 40 127 . Atkins et al. 1996 P. 274 Poverty is a problem which many countries in the world try to reduce. The poor have to suffer many terrible effects health problems inadequate education and lack opportunity. This problem is not the problem only their governments but other people who live above the poverty line should involve solving it. If they think eliminating poverty is impossible reducing number of poor people will be possible. Clark K. 2006 . College Tuition keeps rising. U. S. News. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Solley B. A. 2005 . When Poverty's Children Write Celebrating Strengths Transforming Lives. Portsmouth NH Heinemann Inc Atkins M. S. McKay M. Talbott E. Arvantis P. 1996 . DSM IV diagnosis of conduct disorder and oppositional defiant disorder Implications and guidelines for school mental health teams School Psychology Review 25 274 283.
