What are the Effects of Poverty on children Briefly the term poverty refers to a lack of money. According to Wikipedia Poverty is the condition of lacking basic human needs such as nutrition clean water health care clothing and shelter because of the inability to afford them. War natural disaster and political instability can lead a country to poverty and illness job loss and economic recession can change people's condition to destitution. Whatever the underlying reason that leads to poverty will bring about a series of negative effects on people's life especially on children's health education and violence. The great effect of poverty on children is to suffer poor health from illness and malnutrition. The worst effect is that children living in poverty have a high mortality. The Wikipedia reports that every year nearly 11 million children living in poverty die before their fifth birthday. For example H1N1 is widespread in both the U. S. And Mexico and causes lots of people to die. Many of them are children. However the mortality that H1N1 leads to in the U. S. Is absolutely lower than in Mexico due to the effect of Poverty. As we know the U. S. Is the richest country which has perfect medical system and adequate sanitation. On the contrary Mexico lacks these conditions because it is poorer than the U. S. Lacking education and educational underachievement are another effect of poverty. Some children living in poverty don't have chance to go to school owing to not compulsory education or free education in their country. Some can go to school but they are difficult to focus and concentrate on their study because their parents want them to work for money or care of their little sisters and brothers. Some receive a substandard education because they don't have a stable living situation and are forced to move frequently or attend under funded schools. All these children are difficult to sustain their elementary school middle school and high school. How do they achieve a costly college The last effect of poverty is not safe living environment. Teenagers living in poverty are more likely to experiment with drugs alcohol and risking sexual behavior. Poor teens are also more likely to engage in unlawful acts ranging from minor shoplifting to serious gang activity. The areas that they live in often are disadvantaged such as slum districts and inner cities full of violence. Teens are very easy to be strongly affected by the violent environment and then involve in. It is apparent that the effects of poverty on children's health education and violence are serious. How can we overcome the obstacles to help children living in poverty to acquire their future success Government and various non profit community organizations should institute a variety of programs to help lessen the effects of poverty on a child's development. For example offering free preschool to children from poor families setting up the groundwork for future academic success providing free or low cost health insurance to children in poverty will be effective measures. The effects of poverty will be decreased if every country's government and societies think much of the effects of poverty. Bibliography 1. Wikipedia n. D. . ANON_URLSPAGE_2. ChildreninWhale n. D. . ANON URLPAGE
