The Effects of Obesity Obesity is one of the most common problems in the world today. Increasing in the consumption of fatty and sugary food has contributed to this problem. Most obese people have a lot of deleterious results due to their abnormal body function. For the fact of them having this problems their productive life is been affected and leading them to a stressful environment that cause three effects of obesity which are diabetes when the sugar level in the body is not stable heart diseases when the arteries blocked with fats and arthritis. Firstly according to the Stanford Hospital website Obesity is the major cause of type 2 diabetes . Retrieved Aug. 11 2009 From ANON URLPAGE. This type of diabetes is caused when people have poor diet and are obese while they are growing up. The disorder is a consequence of the body's difficulties balancing the sugar level in the body. The insulin inside the body of every human being is vital because its controls the amount of sugar that the body stores and uses. But in obese people the insulin does not work well because of too much sugar and this is why obese people develop diabetes and look tired sometimes when the sugar level in their blood is high or low. Secondly obese people usually develop heart disease. This is caused when there's a blockage in the arteries that feed blood to the heart muscles. The blockage happens when the fat builds up in arteries and narrows the way for the blood to go into the heart. That's why obese people have pain symptoms in their chest and even some other parts of their body. When the heart beats very fast because of the clots in the arteries sometimes it causes strokes or heart attacks. These occurrences can lead to death if the person is not treated fast enough. Lastly according to the Stanford Hospital website Obesity can affect the knee and hips because of the stress placed on the joints by extra weight . Retrieved Aug. 11 2009 From ANON URLPAGE. It is very hard for obese people to prevent getting arthritis. Too much fat in the body adds a lot of extra weight which causes damage to joints usually the knees ankles and hips. Obese people have pains in their body joints because of the weight of the body and because the joints can't work normally. The bone joints have cartilage on the ends where the two bones are connected. The cartilage plays the important role of saving bones from hurting each other when the person is moving. If this part of the joint is affected the joints will start to swell and cause a lot of pain. In conclusion obesity is very problematic if you cannot control your meals every day. It is not rational if you are planning to keep eating fatty food without thinking that there are effects when you become obese. In a culture where obesity is considered unhealthy and usually unattractive obese people often suffer from low self esteem. Having low self esteem can drive them to use drugs and alcohol stay in abused relationships and attempt unhealthy diets. Overall obesity causes diabetes heart disease and arthritis in our body if we can't think logically on healthy diets everyday.
