The Effects of Poverty Poverty is the most challenging problem all over the world due to the complexity of the underlying causes. According to The Washington Times Weber 2009 para 1 2. 8 Million Americans were below the poverty line in 2008. Governments are unable to eradicate poverty or to amend people's lifestyle. Therefore economists and experts have tried to find the causes and eradicate them. As we all know an inadequate income and unsatisfactory wage can lead to more serious consequences such as an uneducated society increasing crime and disease. All in all impoverished parents are unable to pay the tuition of their children which increases illiteracy in poor countries. Low income forces children to stop going to schools even though they are free owing to the school's requirements. According to Global Issues Organization Shah A. 2009 121 Million children are out of education worldwide. In addition poor countries usually don't offer school for public because of lacking money. Therefore it increases the children who cannot read or write even their names. The second effect of poverty is an increasing crime rate more than normal range. Everyone struggles to be survive leading him to make any effort to get money or food to protect him from death. Furthermore hunger obliges people to do illegal things without thinking ahead of the consequences. What do you expect from people who live in poor countries lacking security and the continuing wars Last but not least disease spreading is a reflection of poverty. The rate of public health in Europe and America is higher than is in Sub Saharan Africa. Also the most shocking fact that 2. 2 Million children die each year because they are not immunized according to Global Issues Organization Shah A. 2009 . AIDS and serious disease are increasing in poor countries and mortality is high. In conclusion the effects of poverty are an uneducated society increasing crime and disease. It is possible to eliminate poverty from the world by our aid. Why do we ignore struggling communities Do they deserve what they are suffering from Why do wealthy nations turn their faces away from them These questions and others are asked every day but no response. I thank everyone who contributes to poor aid and does his best to lessen poverty and help people to live in peace and prosperity. References 1 ANON_URLSPAGE_3 ANON URLPAGE
