Psychologists police officers and all of the people are very curious about the most serious threat to their public security that is crime. Worse than that industrial and overcrowded cities have the highest rates of committing crime. In fact drug dealing and addiction is the main crime in Riyadh which is the capital of my country. Saudi Arabia. However instead of discussing the nature and cause of the crime experts should figure out solutions for this major and recent crime. Most importantly this crime requires a long term and comprehensive solutions in three different fields. These fields are educational cultural medical psychological and civil legal solutions. Less fortunate areas where illiteracy and ignorance are very common among the people drug addiction can spread with no trouble between adults and teen agers in order to pleasure themselves. The initial solution teachers should spread cultural awareness among all of the people especially teenager students. The awareness starts in school to educate the students about the serious implications of drugs and the destructive complications of drugs addiction upon their community. Media is an effective cultural method to aware and guides the people about the danger of drug addiction. These are very helpful factors of preventing this crime to spread among the adults as well as the students. The second solution is the medical and psychological treatment. This extraordinary patient who has addicted on the drugs necessitates an urgent comprehensive and long term medical treatment in the hospital. That includes anti depressant and anti seizure drugs to control the withdrawal effects which follows quitting addiction. After that this patient needs post treatment psychological rehabilitation to enable him to incorporate in the society and begin a new happy and optimistic life. Thirdly the quality of the civil life and the nature of the implemented law play a relevant role in fighting drug addiction. Actually the comfortable residential life maintains a general inhibition of the drug addiction among the citizens. Moreover old and congested residential areas should be replaced with new places and they should be moved from the industrialized cities to the suburban. The legal solution of this crime is to set a strict laws and punishments against drug dealers. In fact the most appropriate penalty for them is death. In conclusion crime solutions are in different procedures but the main objective is to safe the communities from the crimes. I think we should develop the social guide and awareness among all of the people. In the same way my capital city should provide the most suitable educational medical and civil life to the citizens.
