In the old food guide pyramid the Grain group is described as just like bread cereal and pasta. In contrast in the new one the Grain group is divided into two groups whole grains and refined grains. Whole grains contain grain kernel for example whole wheat flour and outmeal. Refined grains have been cut and removed some nutrition like fiber and iron. It contains white flour white bread and white rice. Sometimes refined grains are enriched after processing. The next two groups are the vegetable and the fruit groups. In the new pyramid the vegetable group is organized into 5 subgroups according to their nutrient content Dark green Orange vegetable Dry beans and peas Starchy and others. The Fruit group are organized like Apple Berries Melons. The forth and fifth groups the Milk group and the Meat group are almost same in both pyramids. However in the new pyramid each group has own special tips. For instance as the explaination of Milk group The quantity of fat is the most important factor when we select the milk product. In addition we have to consider extra calories caused by food additive such as sugar. The explaination of the Meat group has also selection tips refering to discretionary calories cholesterol and the quantity of sodium. The last group the Fat group is modified as the Oils in new Pyramid. There are two kinds of oils liuquid and solid fats. Liquid fats come from most vegetables and fish. Solid fats come from many anymal and some vegetables like coconut. When we choose the Oil group wh should consider the existence of trans fat and how much the Fats are saturated. In my opinion the reference of physical activity is the most important diffence between the old and the new Pyramid. The new one explains to us that we need to have moderate or vigorous activity and add upto 30 minutes a day. Moderate activities include walking and hiking. Vigorous activities include running and swimming. It is effective as each person has own suitable calories and can control calories by doing activities.
