Crimes in ANON_NAME_0 Zhou Even though human education is higher and ethic realism is promoted crimes still exist in the world. The crimes are different because of the city's economic situation resident education and government policies such as ANON_NAME_0 Zhou the city where I lived. To deal with the crimes that happen frequently such as stealing cheating and pirating the measures of educating criminals public educating crime and enforcing laws can work well. Stealing in the first place of crimes in ANON_NAME_0 Zhou. Two different kinds of stealing can give examples. The first one stealing equipment for example bicycle laptop TV. I had a memorable experience with it. Two bicycles and one moto bicycle were lost during my three years of high school life. All of them were locked with oen or more locks they are still lost. Thieves have a special key to open different locks in case they couldn't open with keys. In addition the robber steal cash and wallet on the street when audience are careless. The government annouce by media to conflict crimes. Crimnials are punished rigorously. The second crime is cheating. People who are pretending homeless are seating on the street making up very dirty and poor to attempt win your sympathy is a kind of cheating. You can see it everywhere. People know that many of them are cheater. But some of them really need help so people still give money to them. Cheaters make a use of people's sympathy to get their goal. Newspaper web or other media spread to strengthen anti cheat consciousness and educate the public about crime efforts to avoid petential crimes. The third serious crime is pirating. Pirating range is very wide. Software clothes foods are all can be pirated. Pirate products can spread wildly have a part of duties of customer. If they don't buy them pirate products wouldn't have market. Criminals produce and smuggle these goods to get money. This kind of crime can be go to jail. Our contry enforce our laws to fight with crime. The government to inspect and implement strictly. Guilty criminals need to payback. To summarize fight crime is everyone's duty. No matter to solve which problem of three there are numeral methods. Three measures can be given educating criminals to let them realize their mistake and avoid crime again educate the public about crime efforts to reduce potential crimes enforce laws to fight crime.
