Rohibits students from getting into deep sleep. By taking a short nap earlier and turning off the light in the bedroom at night students will be able to get an improved result. However students usually fail to manage their sleep habits because changing habits is hard for them without firm will. Another solution for students suffering from insomnia is to alleviate stress. Nowadays many students are pressured by demanding tasks such as a tremendous amount of homework and tests. In addition the stress caused by relationships with friends and teachers also can be main causes of insomnia. Students worry about their work even while sleeping with the result that they can't sleep well. To overcome insomnia students have their own ways to alleviate stress like doing exercise or singing more songs. Unfortunately students don't have enough time to do exercising or enjoy singing reguarly. Because of this reason I recommend that students use their remained time like the break between one and another class. They can chat with friends or read comic books during recess. The most effective solution however is to be treated by doctors. Although many students try to find solutions to cure insomnia for themselves most of them can't succeed on account of many reasons such as a lack of time or having a weak will. Generally because doctors are experts of diseases they can find the most suitable way to cure insomnia and provide tips for each student. According to a doctor who is an expert of medication says that melatonine a kind of hormone can be an effective way to treat insomnia. Some doctors use musical therapy to relax patient's mind. Other doctors use oriental therapy like acupuncture. Therefore students who have long term insomnia should go to the hospital as soon as they can. Most doctors can find the reasons of insomnia accurately and can give students many useful ways to solve problems. To get a more improved consequence students have to conform to the prescription of doctors and rely on them. If students neglect to cure insomnia nobody assures the status of their fitness in the future.
