Schwarzenegger Should Be Eligible To Become the President of the U. S I. Introduction A. Give some information about the president election of the U. S. B. Introduce some information about the qualification of the candidates. C. Question the eligibility of the candidates give an example Schwarzenegger. D. Thesis the corresponding parts in the Constitution manifest its discriminations against the U. S. Citizens. Therefore the U. S. Constitution should be amended to allow U. S. Citizens born outside of the United States to run for president. II. Body Paragraph 1 political discriminations against the U. S. Citizens born overseas A. Show the main sentence running for president as a part of citizen's participation in politics must embody its equality. B. Introduce the concept democracy and its connotation equality is the essence. C. Show that the U. S. Is a democratic country democracy is a tradition of the U. S. And everything in it must be democratic. D. Deduce that if anything is not democratic it must be changed the Constitution is not exceptional. Participation in the election of the president is one of the most important things in citizens' political activities. It must be equal for everyone. Or else it is politically discrimination. III. Body Paragraph 2 economic discriminations against the U. S. Citizens born overseas A. Show the main sentence with the economics globalization the U. S. Hires a large number of overseas employees. Considering that the president is just a job only more competitive than others why couldn't we flexibly abdicate the presidency to a U. S. Citizen who was born overseas B. Show some data of the proportion of the foreign employees in the U. S to manifest that it is rational to employ foreigners. C. Emphasize the president is a job the U. S. Presidency is just a position the president works and earns money like others. D. Question in other jobs we can employ foreigners why couldn't we hire a U. S. Citizen who was born overseas for the presidency Seriously considering this problem it's economically something like discriminations against the minority. It might conflict with the labor law. IV. Body Paragraph 3 suitable compromises A. Show the main sentence this rule is out of date nowadays current completely political system can compensate for the possibility of the throne's being usurped by other country's citizens. B. To affirm its positive role when the U. S. Established. Give one possibility when Franklin etc issued this rule maintaining the U. S. Security. C. Another worry about the divided loyalty. Give an example the president Obama. Quote a Chinese proverb to refuse to eat for the fear of choking. D. Show why the rule is out of date. 1 List some data to show the world is changing show why the rule can't keep up with this world. Give a successful example of other countries a counterexample. 2 List the U. S. Political system show how the system is perfectly complete which can minimize any adverse effects. V. Conclusions A. Conclude the three reasons then suggest the Constitution should be amended. B. Look into the future describe the good possible effects of changing the rule.
