Health care I. Introduction A. No one is very good health and don't need to see doctor B. Not everyone can access to medical. Do we have systems that make people access that C. Universal healthcare system cover medical dental mental health cares D. Government should provide healthcare for all citizens because every people should able access to medical help people have a safety net for paying bills when people access to medical it prevent epidemics of diseases healthy people in a good resource compensate TAX payer II. Every people should able to access to medical A. It is necessities of life to have medicine B. Help the poor access it emergency sick C. It lift living standard of poor people at least one thing III. People will have a safety net for paying bills. A. When someone have accident that need more care more money to pay B. If they can't pay or pay a lot Bankruptcy will make they a hard time more effect Job family C. Health care will help them recovery from bad time IV. When people access to medical it prevent epidemics of diseases A. When people get serious disease if they don't go to hospital what happen B. If they easily access to hospital it will cut off epidemics C. Health care encourages people to see doctor for example patient not sure whether they infect H1N1 or not they will go to see doctor if they don't need to pay. V. Healthy people in a good resource A. People in the best resource for countries if there are healthy B. Health care make they focus on their work don't need to worry about pay bills after going to hospital or annual paying insurance companies C. Health care make better social life Example If parents die because can't access to medical some children will lose parental life vice versa if children having their family they will grow up being good people. VI. Compensate TAX payer A. Government should find another more income to health care system Example raising TAX from luxury stuff or bad health things cigarette beer B. Giving information of social benefit to all citizen C. They will save money from paying private insurance which is normally expensive VII. Conclusion A. Government should provide healthcare for all citizens because every people should able access to medical help people have a safety net for paying bills when people access to medical it prevent epidemics of diseases healthy people in a good resource compensate TAX payer B. Giving example of countries that make this system work. How good their people are. C. Being health is the best thing that people should be
