Is it necessary to go other countries for studying at a young age I. Introduction. A. Hook Do you think that going abroad to study is really necessary for students who are young B. Background Information Speaking English fluently is one of the benefits when people getting jobs or going to good high schools or universities in Korea. And studying in other countries such as USA Canada or Australia is one of the tendencies of the educational world in Korea nowadays. C. Thesis Statement It is not necessary to go other countries for studying at a young age. There are some reasons in family and society aspects. II. Body 1 A. Main Idea Going out to the other countries to study causes to break relationship between family members. B. Supporting Idea There is a proverb about relationship If people live far from each other their hearts also drift farther and farther apart from each other. III. Body 2 A. Main Idea A family lives together especially when children are young. They need securities and family community spirits. B. Supporting Idea I think that family has to live together and share their feeling about happiness and sorrow. If they are faced with difficult problems they have to overcome these troubles together. And there are pleasant events they share those gladnesses together. IV. Body 3 A. Main Idea Going out to the other countries to learn English results in heavy economic losses in the family. B. Supporting Idea There are necessary things to live such as a house equipments of lives and public utilities. People who live separately need to pay those necessities of lives twice times. V. Body 4 A. Main Idea There are social problems such as not proven native teachers and fraud. B. Supporting Idea Before students go abroad to study they want to prepare well. They find native teachers but it is easy to get swindled. VI. Body 5 A. Main Idea There is the other social problem a waste of foreign money and status gap. B. Supporting Idea Many people criticize that going abroad to study is a waste of national. Also it can aggravate a crisis of social status gap. VII. Body 6 counter argue A. Main Idea People who insist on going out to the other countries to learn English say that it is a preparatory process for the future. B. Supporting Idea Yes preparing future is a good plan. However people can lose a lot of crucial things while they prepare not guaranteed future. Do you think future is more important than present VIII. Conclusion A. Restatement It is not necessary to go other countries for studying at a young age as like I mentioned some reasons I changed the topic.
