Illiteracy is a global problem crossing all borders. While illiteracy is an unseen problem it profoundly impacts our societies especially in the United States. Houston is a perfect example of a city with a high illiterate rate. Illiteracy sometimes leads to low self esteem poverty unemployment and crime. Due to these complex issues the federal government and special organizations are working on finding solutions such as offering mandatory free education making a priority of educating women and providing educational TV channels. The best reasonable solution is to provide free education and make it mandatory for all children under age 15. Therefore they can enroll in governmental schools and encourage them by offering free supplies like books notebooks and food. On the other hand adults should participate in schools too because it's never late to learn or to seek knowledge no matter how old they are an example for this kind of schools is in Houston there are Adult Basic Education ABE School and Family Literacy which is a leading national nonprofit organization works on helping parents and children learn together. A possible solution for this majority could be to provide literacy tutors volunteers and availability for lessons on variable days and times. Another solution is to give priority to women learning how to write and read. Offering this chance to them is giving a strong foundation to the society since the literacy level of the primary care giver usually the mother is the most valid predictor of a child's success in school which is a psychological study has proven. Also educated mothers could guide the next generation to avoid problems in their futures for instance orienting their children to the right road to be successful and protect them from sinking into crimes. An additional solution is the media could assist in reducing illiteracy by providing educational TV channels and TV shows in attractive ways. As an illustration cartoons comedy and suspense series all displaying in educational themes. Also commercials could be an encourage and fun way to learn some information like writing the words in bold oversize font pronounce them clearly and sometimes sing them in a catchy style. Finally it is clear there will be no easy solution to this continuing problem. From my perspective just to help people to be able to follow building's written instructions read food labels or write a check is a prime responsibility therefore it should be international teaching offers to work together towards a viable solution.
