Are there different cultural expectations of success for males and females I think there are several different expectations of success for males and females in my country. First of all when we were children we can see different cultural expectations from our parents. Take falling down as an example if you were a boy and when you fall down and cry your parents will say Don't cry you are a boy get up by yourself. In contrast if you were a girl your parents will comfort you and help you get up. Therefore parents expect boys should be brave and strong but for girls these two characters are not necessary. Second for males it's important to have a good job and a high salary. If men don't have jobs people will think that is because they don't have great ability. On the other hand for females it's good to have a job but high salary is not necessary. Moreover if they don't have jobs it's okay. Thus people expect men should have job because it represents how great their ability are. But for women that they don't have jobs is not because their ability for the right ability for females may show in another way. For instance taking care of their children and family very well seems more important than having a good job. Finally taking drive as an example for men people expect they should drive very well because it seems natural if you were a man you probably could drive very well. If you were a woman and you drive very well people will feel surprised and applaud you. For example in my experience when the driver is a man if he saw a car moving very slowly he would always say The driver must be a woman. For this reason people have different expectations for males and females about driving a car. In sum I believe the different expectation for males and females above is just a common situation but not necessary. Especially in nowadays people change their thinking about fairness of men and women. For instance if men can do their job very well the women must be able to do it as well as the men. Thus in my opinion the different expectations of success for males and females will get smaller and smaller.
