Insomnia problems of University students University students have problems with insomnia today. Some students always worry about their studies social life and problems of their family members . Because of those problems students cannot sleep well or fall asleep easily and feel fatigued after they wake up. If students have insomnia they can't concentrate and feel sleepy during class and it is not helpful for their grades. The quality of sleep is more important than the amount of sleep they get. There are three common solutions for students who have problems with insomnia dealing with the sources of pressures having appropriate habits before sleep and preparing sleeping conditions to improve quality of their sleep. The best solution to solve insomnia is to deal with the sources of students pressures. Most university students have pressures from their studies friends or family members they have to face their pressures and deal with them. For example if students have problems in studying accounting they should tell their teacher or friends first ask for help and try to solve the problem otherwise the pressure would burden students and make them not sleep well. Besides if students can't solve their problems immediately they still can tell themselves that they have done everything they could. Worrying about problems before sleep is not the best idea if they want to have quality sleep. Another solution to improve the quality of sleep is having appropriate habits before sleep. For instance students should stay away from caffeinated and alcoholic drinks or avoid eating too much food before going to bed. Caffeinated drinks such as coffee tea chocolate or cola should not be consumed before sleeping. If students want to have some beverages they can choose a little caffeine free drink such as hot milk. From content of Common Health magazine I believe that it is better not to eat extremely spicy food too close to bedtime and the article of magazine indicated that not eating too much food before sleep will help one to sleep well. In addition doing sensible and relaxing exercise like yoga will help increase blood circulation and help you sleep because excessive or stimulating exercise will make muscles tight and this makes sleep more difficult. The final solution that can help students sleep well is preparing sleeping conditions for themselves because poor sleeping conditions can contribute to insomnia. For example they can make their bedroom more comfortable and darker. The way that make your room comfortable such as buying a flexible and soft mattress and pillows removing useless things such as clothes or books on the bed to closet listening some soft music like nature sounds or using essential oil of lavender before sleep are helpful for students to relax their mind moreover they could also use ear plugs to eliminate noise from their roommates if they live in dorm or turn off the lights and make the room dim or dark According to Common Health magazine's article of insomnia dark room helps students' bodies to produce a hormone called melatonin which is help people to sleep better. Preparing a sleeping condition can help people to release their pressures or tenseness and settle themselves and then students can be more relaxed and fall asleep easier. It is obvious that dealing with pressures directly having appropriate habits and preparing sleeping conditions before sleep can help students enhance their quality of sleep. Having sound sleep is important to students and good for their health. I hope everyone can say goodbye to insomnia and get a good night's sleep.
