Causes and effects of obesity Obesity has become a major health problem during the past few decades especially in the developed countries such as the USA and Britain. In addition recent studies show that obesity is steadily increasing. Obesity can be caused by lack of exercise imbalanced food intake and genetic factors. It can affect or respiratory heart and skeletal system and increase the risk of cancers and psychological problems. Lack of exercise and sedentary life can result in a accumulation of fat in our bodies resulting in obesity. This is an increasing concern in the developed countries especially the US and Another risk factor for obesity is excessive consumption of fast food that contains a lot of sugar and fat. Excessive sugar can be converted in to fat in our bodies and result in obesity. Sometimes genetic factors play an important role in developing of obesity. Some people inherit the bad genes responsible for obesity from their parents that make them obese even though they eat balanced died and do exercise regularly. Obesity on the other hand can result in many long term and undesirable complications . It can badly affect our respiratory cardiovascular musculoskeletal systems. It can be a risk factor for many cancers and can cause physiological problems. Overweight can affect our respiration. It can aggravate underling lung problems such as emphysema and bronchia asthma. It adds more Wight on our ribcage and so makes the movement of our respiratory muscles impaired. This can be a big problem for those suffering from chronic lung diseases . It might cause dyspnea and exercise intolerance which in tern can trigger respiratory infection which can be sometimes fatal. Furthermore obesity in pregnancy can cause severe problems to the fetus as the pregnant mother can not mentain an adequate respiration so decreases the oxygenation in the fetus that result in severe fetal mal formation. Obesity is a trigger risk factor for many cardiac problems such as athererosclerosis hypertension ischemic heart diseases and stroke According to Ronald Krauses 1998 Obesity is an important determinant of cardiovascular disease CVD . Previous epidemiological studies of obesity have documented a modest association of obesity and risk of CVD especially in younger age groups. The study of obesity and CVD should now focus on weight change over time especially differences between childhood versus younger and older adult weight gains and the distribution of body fat especially visceral or intra abdominal fat. Weight gain during young adult life may be one of the most important determinants of cardiovascular risk factors. Increased intra abdominal fat or waist circumference is probably related to a constellation of risk factors the so called insulin resistance syndrome. It is also associated with higher levels of inflammatory markers such as C reactive protein and fibrinogen. Hypertension and ischemic heart disease is the most leading cause of death in the USA . In addition Obesity is a major risk factor for development of stroke as it causes narrowing of the brain blood vessels so decreases the amount of oxygenated blood going to the brain. Further more obesity can cause hyperglycemia and eventually results in diabetes mellitus. On of the complication of diabetes mellitus is coronary heart disease and stroke. In addition obesity as it causes hypertension and diabetes mellitus it can narrow the blood vessels of our extremities resulting in hypo perfusion which can some times lead to tissue death and amputation of the affected limb. Overweight can cause many skeletal problems. It can add more stress on our joints resulting in what is called osteoarthritis. This degenerative change is irreversible and may cause chronic pain on walking limitation in movement and joint deformities. In addition obesity can cause osteoporosis weakened bone. This is because of imbalanced diet that eaten by obese people and lack of excursive required for marinating bone strength. Pathological fractures are another complication that may result from being overweight. Joint pain is another side effect of obesity according to Jonathan Cluett M. D 2007 Our joints carry the weight of our bodies. The more weight we have to carry the harder it is for our joints to work properly. Even small changes in weight can significantly affect the joint pain experienced by an individual. Don't believe that Try a simple test of carrying 15 pounds of weight while doing all of your normal activities. Even small weight changes make a big difference because joint forces in the hips and knees increase about 3 times that weight with normal walking. This means that 15 pounds of extra body weight is felt by the knees as an extra 45 pounds. Another complication of obesity is that obesity can increase the risk of breast and endometrial cancers. Breast cancer is the most common cancer affecting females in the USA. Lastly psychological problems are sometimes seen in patients who are obese. Theses varies from mild depression to severe psychosis and social withdrawal. To sum up obesity can be caused by nutritional factor lack of exercise and genetic diseases. It also can affect our respiratory cardiovascular and skeletal systems and causes many psychological problems.
