What are the causes of successful iPod iPod which is a tiny dangerous one in personal media player PMP market has an impeccable success in ten years. Today iPod is the representation of PMP market however ten years ago Apple Corporation is a declining company which shoulders a lot of financial lost in their Personal Computer PC business. The appearance of iPod changes the destiny of this company the character of easy carrying replaces the products of Walkman and CD player and iPod's excellent human machine interface makes their rival can't compete. In addition new business model connecting with iTunes store service leads Apple to create the new blue sea in the recording music industry. Before the iPod was appear Walkman was the emperor in the PMP market however tape and CD have their inherent disadvantages and people weren't satisfied with this products. In this period first generation iPod was announced and made a revolution in the record music market. First unbelievable storage capacity which you can't image breaks the traditional concepts that people believe. It's more convenient for people to carry more songs. Second although CD player has more excellent sound quality but you need to avoid shaking the device and prevent the sound to be interrupted. In addition beautiful appearance attracts mass. Even though iPod is not a first corporation which develops this product undoubtedly it's the most successful one. Comparing Walkman with iPod the former has more heavy weight limited capacity and old fashion appearance. Sony Corporation which is Walkman's owner company tried to use Mini Disk MD standard to compete with iPod but Mpeg1 Layer3 Audio MP3 standard which iPod uses is more popular for people. It's attributed to these factors iPod created huge profit and occupied the market gradually. Actually iPod is not a PMP pioneer in this market. Meanwhile a lot of rivals were surrounded with iPod. At beginning they have the same enemy which is a traditional Walkman and CD player but what kind causes achieved iPod's success from a lot of enemies Depending on friendly operate interface. Apple is very different from the other competitions when they design their product what they concern about is that how to give users a good using feeling. They never stress how high technology they use or cost down their product's cost as possible as you can. It's like Mac's design principle they want to break any gap between people and machine. From perspective Apple lives up to their persistence. For example iPod shuffle doesn't have complex functions but it made a new trend that people didn't need to worry what they want to listen. Apple makes their product alive not only a machines but also it provides more extra values on their design. Actually I think their design is art and it's captured by people's eye. Jobs is like a magician lead Apple to create lots of fantastic tricks again and again. I thought this unique feature is a very important aspect for iPod's success. Indeed iPod has the most successful first step but their achievement is not a firework. ITunes takes a very important role in it. Originally I figure that iTunes's target just provides manager software to help people manage their music. They didn't predict that iTunes store has become the music selling platform which people rely on. Based on the huge data resource people can purchase any songs that they want to provide the reasonable profit for recording industry. It's an unprecedented business model which rescues this declining corporation. Now iTunes's ambition is not only music including video movie and games can be a part of their service. For the other company what they sell is a product however what Apple provides is a service which you want even they create the atmosphere which affects our trend. ITunes makes a bridge between illegal MP3 and copyright music. After digital music technology is ripe and the music can be spread and remade easily illegal MP3 issue annoys the recording music industry. Even though iTunes's service can't solve this issue completely but it's a useful method to enhance this trouble. Anyway relying on this service Apple becomes the final winner in this non sound war. IPod's success is not accidental it experiences three different period in this war at beginning iPod's creativity design defeat Walkman and CD player and make a new technology century and then the excellent human machine interface pushes through to the foundation of their products including iPhone and iPod series. However I believe Apple understand service is a final solution for their enterprise's growing up so ITunes focuses on that how to increase more extra values on the iPod and makes the leader position which can't be replaced. All tactics is very gallant and accurate. I amaze that iPod changes our life and admire Jobs' thinking. He is a great pilot for this company and it's a representation man of enterprise.
