Three Main Effects of Using Appropriate Color I used to work for a fashion company. At that time I learned that the color is a crucial part of sales because most of Japanese do not fit vivid colors but they want to wear bright color. I had to think about which color is the most appropriate for customers. For example each person has an own skin color which is divided into yellow and blue base. If people do not follow this theory unfortunately they look less attractive. Therefore using color properly is important. Also this theory is not only can use fashion but we can use many ways effectively. There are three main effects of using appropriate colors such as enhancing personal signature making self confidence and supporting several businesses. The first thing I am going tell about enhancing personal signature to use appropriate color. In the fashion field it is said Personal Color . Nowadays Personal Color is very popular because everybody wants to exhibit their good appearance for people. You might be wondering that what Personal Color is. Everybody has own colors which are classified as spring summer autumn and winter. Those categorized colors can generate improving personal beauty. From my point of view many people wear their favorite colors but these colors might not be proper for their face. In addition they might not know that what they should wear. What happen if person do not use their appropriate colors in her coordinate. The first she might look like out of fashion besides she looks sick or unhealthy. As a result her image is going to be down because of only just her appearance. If they know about their Personal Color and they follow it they definitely must look like attractive fashionable and better. The second effect is using color properly makes people self confidence. Color's message may be subliminal but it's always there to create an effect and to color your decisions your moods and your world. Eiseman 2006 Page 29 As you know there are a lot of different color and for each color has own meaning. If you can use these approptiately you are not only create your personaly beauty but also you feel confortable. For instanse red color which means victory is wore by candidates very often. Because red color provide people enegy moreover looks powerful. Many candidate uses this victory color before elections. President Obama he was one of this people used red tie at the presidential election. On the other hand green color means which means clam makes people relax. As I said color's message may be subliminal even though you do not realize color's powers but underlying human's sense must acknowledge them. The former two chapters I explained about how effect to use right colors the individual. However using color properly can work well at many fields such as catalog website magazines and store interior. This is very famous story about how color is important for interior. One owner of meat store wanted to change wall color because he earned high income he wanted his store to look better. Then he changed the wall color to yellow which looked very conspicuous and fancy and also it seemed like easily to get people's attention. At first many customers visited the store but little by little nobody bought them. Consequently the store's income decreased. The owner asked color coordinator that a cause of decline of customers. The cause was the yellow wall! The yellow color looked meats to go off. The owner was taught by color analyst to use blue color instead. Then customers began to buy meats again. This time the blue color reflected on them very fresh. You understand that what I am saying. Using right color in interior field can manipulate consumer's emotion. In conclusion I explained three main effects to use right colors. Two things were related to human such as enhancing own signature and making people feel more secure and comfortable. The last one was how works for difference business field such as interior or design. Our daily life we are surrounded by a lot of colors unconsciously. Look around wherever you feel comfortable or uncomfortable or something interesting. There is something right or wrong which you will find. Color seems like very ambiguous however if you learn about it you will clarify and manipulate colors. I love study color because of these reasons. We can not see these effects but we will definitely influence other person or ourselves.
