The ELI program for me I have been here in the United States for two and half years. I came here because of my husband work and my stay in the US will be long term. First two years in the US I had spent time that I never call meaningful for me. Many friends and acquaintances in Japan envy me and tell how wonderful I can live abroad. Generally living in the US include cool image however it was not favorable thing for me to live in the US because living in the US includes negative aspects such as staying far from my families in Japan difficulty of finding job and diversity of language and customs. I had had no idea how I could enjoy another cultures here and I could not adapt to life in the US. Therefore I had felt homesickness deeply. However joining the ELI program has had three positive effects on me improving my English skills making friend from various countries and complete change of my attitude about staying in the US for long term. Obviously my English skills have improved because of joining the ELI program. In fact before I came to the US I had been thinking acquiring English would not be so difficult. However I realized that it was more difficult than I imagined. I found that I should make more effort than I had thought. Then studying English in the ELI taught me how to study English. Through the program of the ELI I could learn plenty of new things about English including vocabularies and their pronunciation. Especially writing class is very interesting for me because I could learn a logical method to write organized essay. I had been reluctant to read article in English but now I am positive with reading something in English because I can read them more smoothly than before. The ELI program per se is very helpful for me. Furthermore I have to come to school regularly speak English in classroom and do homework every day therefore I can integrate more English into my daily life. In addition I can notice my mistakes in English because teachers correct me when I use English wrongly and can get helpful feedback of my assignments. I have wrestled with the all of them hard and that compensate my weakness of my English. I also could make friends with many people and learned various cultures through the ELI program. The US is a country of people from various cultures. Therefore I need to know views and customs of various cultures to live in the US for a long time. The experiences I have had in the ELI are the real and they are quite different from learning from books and TV program. I could learn various cultures and their customs directly from the people. They are very precious experiences that I could never have in Japan. It is interesting and wondering that we have diverse views rules and languages although we are all humans on the same planet. I think why people are so diverse. I also felt it is wonderful thing we can cooperate and understand each other through studying English in the ELI even if we have different background. Above all it is the best result that I can change my attitude about living in the US for a long time. While I have been studying hard I have forgotten homesickness to Japan spontaneously. Through the ELI program my life became busy than before and I became more motivated in my daily life. To have my own community in the ELI my life became more active. As result I could open my mind after I joined the ELI program and I hope that I introduce Japanese cultures to the US people when I acquired further English speaking skill. I have a lot of hope my future in the US right now. I can say I am enjoying my life in the US confidently. Now I could be in the US with positive feeling. I am very thankful to teachers who have given me a plenty of chance to learn English and friends in the ELI who teach me their interesting cultures. Then I would be thankful to my husband who gave me a chance living in the US. Furthermore he is always helpful to my studying in the ELI. The profit I had had in the ELI would have considerable effects on my future.
