The ELI program for me I have been in the United States for two and half years. I came here because of my husband's work and my stay in the US will be long term. First two years in the US I had spent time that I never call meaningful for me. Many friends and acquaintances in Japan envied me and told me how wonderful I could live abroad. Generally living in the US include sophisticated image for Japanese people however it was not favorable thing for me to live in the US for long term because that includes negative aspects such as staying far from my family and friends in Japan difficulty of finding job and diversity of language and customs. I had not known how I could enjoy other cultures here and I could not adapt to life in the US because of these difficulties before I joined the ELI. Therefore I felt homesickness deeply for the first two years. However joining the ELI program has had three positive effects on me improving my English skills making friend from various countries and complete change of my attitude about staying in the US for long term. Obviously my English skills have improved because of joining the ELI. Through the program of the ELI I could learn plenty of new things about English including vocabularies and their pronunciations. Especially writing class is very interesting for me because I could learn a logical method to write organized essay. I had been reluctant to read article in English but now I am positive with reading something in English because I can read them more smoothly than before. In addition I could notice my mistakes in English because teachers correct me when I use English wrongly and can get helpful feedback of my assignments. For example I used to pronounce she and sea in the same way before corrected by a teacher in the ELI. There were many words which pronunciations I misunderstood. I had learned English for more than 15 years in Japan. However I had not acquired how to use and pronounce English words correctly. As I wrote above the ELI program per se is very helpful for me. Furthermore I have to come to school regularly speak English with classmates and do homework every day therefore I can integrate more English into my daily life. As a result my English skills have improved more than I anticipated. Next I could make friends with many people and learned various cultures through the ELI program. The US is a country of immigrant people from various cultures. Therefore I need to know views and customs of various cultures to live in the US. The experiences I have had in the ELI are the real and quite different from learning from books and TV program. They are very precious experiences that I could never have in Japan. For example in the ELI night when we introduced foods of various cultures each other I could know various kinds of cuisines from Asia Midwest Europe and traditional thanksgiving food in the US. I discussed a lot with my classmates about differences of our cultures. Sometimes I was surprised to find what is usual for me could be sometimes unusual and rude for people of other cultures. It is often difficult for anyone who lives within a particular culture to realize how odd that culture and the effects it has on individuals' mindsets and actions can seem to those not brought up within that culture . D. Inglis 2009 p39 . It was interesting and wondering that we have diverse views customs and languages although we are all humans on the same planet. Some students are interested in Japanese culture such as Japanese food and Japanese language. It was my pleasure at the same time I felt I should know Japanese culture more deeply so that I can introduce my culture well as a representative of my country. In addition I thought it is wonderful thing we can cooperate understand each other and enjoy together through studying English in the ELI even if we totally have different background. Everything of the ELI activities is precious memory for me. Above all it is the best result that I can change my attitude about living in the US for a long time. While I have been studying English hard I have forgotten homesickness spontaneously. Through the ELI program my daily life became busier with a lot of assignments and activities than before and I became more motivated. Some of my friends from the ELI became very close friends who are involved in my daily life. Furthermore because of improving English skills I can speak English more confidently than before. Recently I talked with my neighbor of native English speaker and she told me I had improved my English than before. I used to be shy when I had conversation with my neighbors because I was not confident with my English. Now I am not reluctant to have conversation with native speakers. As result of joining the ELI I could open my mind and stay optimistically. Before all I have lot of hope with my future life in the US. Now I have been adapting my life in the US and enjoying it. As a conclusion I could take many advantages of joining the ELI. I am very thankful to teachers who have given me plenty of chances to learn English and friends in the ELI who told me their interesting cultures study and enjoy together. Then I would be thankful to my husband who gave me a chance living in the US. Furthermore he is always supportive to my studying in the ELI. After all the experiences I had learned in the ELI would have considerable positive effects on my future in the United States of America. Reference D. Inglis 2005 . Culture and everyday life Now York Routledge
