Three Main Effects of Using Appropriate Color Our daily life we are surrounded by a lot of colors however most of us do not care about it. Is a color just color which is not important our life No it isn't. Colors are used most efficient ways by many fields. Have you felt before that when you went shopping or restaurants then you felt uncomfortable these stores or places might have problems which might be a color or when you met person who looked terrible. These cases which did not use right color affect people's feeling. Therefore using right color is important. There are three main effects of using appropriate colors such as enhancing personal signature making self confidence and supporting several businesses. The first thing I am going talk about enhancing personal signature to use appropriate color. In the fashion field it is said Personal Color . Nowadays Personal Color is very popular because everybody wants to exhibit their good appearance. You might be wondering that what Personal Color is. Personal Color is that everybody can categorize specific color groups which are yellow and blue base and then classified as spring summer autumn and winter. Those categorized colors can generate improving personal beauty. I used to work for a fashion company. At that time I learned that how important color is because most Japanese people do not fit for vivid color but they want to wear blight color. So my work was analyzing which blight or vivid colors are appropriate for them. Which colors are Japanese old women reflect beautifully their appearance. From my point of view many people wear their favorite colors but these colors might not be proper for their face. In addition they might not know that what they should wear. What happen if person do not use their appropriate colors in her coordinate. First she might not look good besides she looks less attractive. As a result her image is going to be down because of only just her appearance. If they know about their Personal Color and they follow it they definitely must look like attractive and better. The second effect is using color properly makes people self confidence. According to Eiseman 2006 p. 29 Color's message may be subliminal but it's always there to create an effect and to color your decisions your moods and your world. As you know there are a lot of different colors and for each color has own meaning. If you use these color's meanings approptiately you are not only create your personaly beauty but also you feel confortable and confidence. For instanse red color which means victory is wore by candidates very often to demonstrate their image of reader ship and passion because red color provides people energetic emotion moreover looks powerful. Many candidates use this victory color before elections speeach. President Obama was one of those people used red tie at the presidential election. Another example green color which means clam makes people relaxing. Even though you do not realize color's messages underlying human's sense acknowledge those. As a consequence of this reason people built up their confidence. The former two chapters I explained how affect using right colors the individual. However using color properly can work efficiently for many fields such as catalog website magazines and store interior. This is very famous story about how color is important for interior design. One owner of meat store wanted to change wall color because he earned high income he wanted his store to look better. Then he changed the color white to yellow which looked very conspicuous and fancy and also it seemed like easily to get people's attention. At first many customers visited the store but little by little customers did not buy at the store. Consequently the store's income decreased. The owner asked color coordinator that a cause of decline of customers. The cause was the yellow wall! The yellow color looked meats to go off. The owner was taught by color analyst to use blue color instead. Then customers began to buy meats again. This time the blue color reflected them very fresh. He sells same quality of meat however the income was completely difference only because of wall paint color. If store's owners can use right color they can manipulate customers inspire to buy. Eventually their businesses are going to succeed. In conclusion I explained three main effects using right colors. Two things were related to human such as enhancing own signature and making people feel more secure and comfortable. The one was how works for difference business field such as interior or design. Everywhere we can find color coordinate. Look around wherever you feel comfortable or uncomfortable. There might use right or wrong colors combination. Color seems like very ambiguous however if you learn about it you will clarify and manipulate colors in several field. I love study color because of these reasons. Bibliography Eiseman L. 2006 . More alive with color Personal Color Personal Style. Herndon Capital Books.
