The Causes to Israel Brain Drain Problem Israel is facing a major problem due to the large amount of talented young professional that leave Israel and immigrate to other countries in order to work study and do research. Some of them will eventually return to Israel but a lot of them will never return to Israel. This is a well known phenomenon called brain drain. A brain drain or human capital flight is an emigration of trained and talented individuals to other nations or jurisdictions. Brain drain can occur either when individuals who study abroad and complete their education do not return to their home country or when individuals educated in their home country emigrate for higher wages or better opportunities ANON_URLSPAGE_. A report published by Israel's Shalem Center shows between 2002 and 2006 there was a sharp increase in the amount of educated professional who left Israel. In 2002 0. 9 Percent of the researchers and professors left the country. In 2004 this numbered rose to 1. 7 Percent. In 2006 the rate rose 2. 1 Percent ANON_URLSPAGE_. In this essay I will identify the causes to the brain drain in Israel. I will concentrate on three aspects salary employment opportunities and lack of government funding. Salary differences are one of the most important cause for brain drain. Israel cannot compete with the salary in the US. Because of that a lot of engineers doctors and professor prefer to work in the US. There are many young talented Israelis that are leaving Israel for Europe and the United States for doctoral and MBA studies in the best universities many of them are giving up on offers to work in Israel in the end of their studies despite their desire to live in Israel due to the high wage gaps. For example a proficient researcher in Israel can make between 60 000 and 70 000 a year in the local market whereas a mediocre researcher on a not particularly prestigious U. S. Faculty can make 120 000 a year ANON_URLSPAGE_. Furthermore in the United States the competition for excellent professors researchers dictate the salary. University salaries are based on personal contracts and there are big salary differences between successful researchers and mediocre researchers. In Israel the wages are equal for researchers and professors who are in the same rank regardless of field or excellence. Lack of Employment opportunists leads to brain drain as well. Israel is a small market compared to the American and European job markets. According to government's data around 1 400 Israeli scholars work in the United States. That number equivalent to 25 percent of all academic researchers in Israel is enough to staff two entire universities ANON_URLSPAGE_. The problem is that even if these researchers would want to go back to Israel most of them will not be able to find suitable jobs. The number of faculty members in the universities is not growing over the years and even reduced thus there are not enough available positions. Although the problem in universities is bigger young professionals are struggling to find jobs also outside of the universities but the number of jobs available in the market is not enough. When we look at the numbers we can see that the professors the senior faculty members at universities are leading in brain drain numbers with 6. 5 Percent following them are the researchers with 5 percent doctors are next in line with 4. 8 Percent and closing the list are the engineers and scientists with 3 percent ANON_URLSPAGE_. The last cause for the Israeli brain drain is lack of government funding. In my opinion it is the most important cause. Israel has a lot of security problems and so most of the government budget is spent on budgeting army and other national security related bodies. As a result other important areas are receiving lower budgets or left aside unbudgeted at all. The universities and research facilities are struggling because they don't get enough funds from the government. The result of not having enough money is that these institutions cannot pay professors and researchers the average wages that they will receive abroad. In addition they cannot provide enough employment opportunities and because of that the level and quality of the research is also affected and it's hard for Israelis institutes to compete with universities and research facilities abroad. The bottom line is less break through ideas compared with past achievements coming out of the Israeli academy. Furthermore when the universities do not have enough money they accept more students to cover the gap in the budget and that can affect the level of the universities in Israel. There is no question that the brain drain problem is a major problem that has to be addressed by the government and the academy in Israel. In this essay I identified three causes to these phenomena Salary employment opportunities and lack of appropriate budgets. I would like to see the government and the academy in Israel taking serious action to correct these three issues which can benefit Israel in the long run. Israel should persist in finding a salutation to this problem because this problem is getting out of proportion.
