Children Obesity Obesity becomes a problem for American children. According to the article written by William and published in CNN in 2006 17 percent of children in the USA between 2 to 19 years old are overweighed. Actually this high percentage is considered as a warning sign to encourage researchers to do more studies about children obesity. There are a few reasons that lead to the fast spread of childhood obesity insufficient information in different types of media bad eating habits and insufficient physical activity. First of all is information about food that children can see in media. More than two third of all TV advertising of meal which children can see is advertising of high calorie and unhealthy food. About it on European congress on obesity the Australian specialist declared on the obesity Bridzhet Kelli based on the research conducted in 11 countries. Leadership on advertising of unhealthy food belongs to Germany and USA where products occupy 90 percents of market of advertising of meal. Australia and Great Britain appeared on the last place in which harmful products are advertised in the half of all rollers about food she said. Presently in the whole world about 177 million children and teenagers to 18 years suffer clinical obesity. From them there are 22 millions children to five years. Obesity entails the enhance able risk of origin of heart diseases and diabetes. Another reason why children have an over weight is eating of too much food. A habit to have an overeating arises up very quickly the delivered from it is difficult and for a little child it is practically impossible. The point is that at overcooking of food different hormonal matters appear in a duodenum many of which on a structure and operating on an organism similar with Morphine. An abundant meal stimulates formation of similar matter weakening state satisfied complacent pacified comes as a result. A child gets used to bind any problems. The third an major factor resulting in development of obesity is low physical activity when even a normal amount of the accepted food is surplus because calories entering organism with a meal are not burned in the process of the physical loadings grow into fat. To do that a child anymore moved now very difficultly! Most parents blame in this video and computer games and also the Internet. All these things result in the assiduous way of life while parents would wish to see the children more active. They go to school after that return in 16 00 and settle down front of a TV or computer. Finally focusing on the causes of childhood obesity solutions for this problem should be implemented. The government should initiated plans and support local programs financially to reduces excessive weight among children. In addition school should work with the family to encourage children to participate in physical activities and to ensure that children are getting healthy food. Also further researches are needed from all responsible organizations to identify causes and more solutions for childhood obesity. This will help to reduce the incidence of children obesity among children and will prevent its dangerous effects in the future.
