Bad effects from living in a big city Are you a person who ponders how good will it be to live or work in a big city New York Chicago and San Francisco for example are big cities where many people dreamed about. Even in Bangkok where I came from a lot of people from rural area wanted to move in. It has been known for centuries that most people thought that moving to work or living in a big city can provide them a lot of benefits. Big cities are places where many people can find good opportunities and conveniences to start up their new career or life. However these people might often forget to think about the disadvantages that they might confront while they are living in a big city. Living in a big city can harm people's health have more stress and have less safety in the society. Although some people might ignore these effects because it sounds like they are not serious but if we look deeply in the details we can see that it gradually harm people's life implicitly. First unlike living in a rural living in a big city can cause one of a big problem for human that is health. City living has attracted a considerable amount of people due to its conveniences and opportunities. Air pollution is one of the biggest noticeable and common complaints from people in a city setting. People know that their houses and work places are hazardous to their health. Pedestrians can smell the car fumes in the air and these exhaust fumes turned to be smog all over the place. Since there are so many cars and other vehicles traveling in the city high level of carbon monoxide has been found in the city. This carbon monoxide is known as a quiet killer because it has no color smell or odor so nobody breathe in everyday without knowing that it exists. People can suffer sickness from it in a short term or a permanent destroyed depends on the level of carbon monoxide that they breathed in. The long term effect of breathing in carbon monoxide can affect brain memory function behavior and cognition etc. Besides air pollution water pollution is another concerned for city people. Having many people in one place there need to have a reservoir to keep water supplies for enough use. There might be some transportation from the main water supply to the destination which is in the city and need to put some chemical in the water to keep the cleanliness as it has to be. Also there might be some insects like mosquito for example that can have chance to breed in the reservoir. So water contamination is another thing that can harm human's health. Next stress is another effect that city people are facing with. There are competitions in everywhere but it seems like a big city has the most highly competition among others. There are a lot of long term job seekers and also there are many of newly graduate people seeking for a job. This situation makes both people who current have a job and jobless people be more stress. People who already have a job have to work harder to retain what they have and have to hold their position tightly. Likewise for those who are looking for a job have to work harder to compete the new people who just graduated from college. In addition people not only that people are stress from work but they also get stress while they are travelling to work and back home. Sitting in a bad traffic is not a fancy thing that people want to do especially for people who has to drive to work. For those who have to use the public transportation they have to always be in a hurry. They have to rush from their house to ride a very crowded transportation to work and back home. These people have to live in a fast pace otherwise they will far behind from the others among the competitive society. Furthermore there also are a lot of people who are too stress and do not know how to solve their problems or have no other choices to make and end up their life by commit suicide. Lastly safety is another considerable effect in a big city. It is known that there is a certain area that often has high crime rates in a city. However even in a working area there can also be other social problems such as pickpocket robbery and teenage fighting etc. There are many people who are hopeless with their life and being stress and these can encourage them to do something that can be harmful to other people in the society. Even while you are driving you have to look out of traffic and thieves which can make you feel unsafe HawajskaKoszulina ona18 2004 . Many people who already live in a big city agree on the same thing is that there is a low rate of safeness in a big city. While travelling in a public transportation you may not know whether there is any unpredictable situation going to occur. So you have to be prepared and be careful all the time. In conclusion living in anywhere not only a big city has both advantages and disadvantages. Before decided to live in which area you have to consider the disadvantages that you might get as well. You may heard that there are many good sides for living in a big city however you must not forget that there are also a lot of bad effects that you may confront. Living in a big city is not a fashion otherwise it is a big change for some people who come from a small town. So it is good to learn as much as you can for the bad effects that you may get while living in a big city for your consideration before making a move.
