I have been studying English in ELI since May and ELI program have affected me in diverse way. Also I have been changed a lot sine I studied in ELI. Before I came to ELI I studied in different school which also teaches English. At that time my life was simple and bald however ELI was different. I could learn not only English but also other things like other cultures. There are several effects since I have been studying in ELI such as improving English learning other countries and making life target. Initially I have learned English in ELI and I could improve my English very much. I had studied English in my country but that was different from studying in ELI. I had been taught listening and comprehension on the other hand I have never learned speaking and writing. During leaving in U. S. A I realized that speaking is crucial part in English because speaking is inevitable if I live in U. S. A. I have to speak English whenever I go out like go shopping or eat out. I could learn how to speak English in speaking class by role play every situation. Furthermore teachers who teach English in ELI correct my English every time when I speak incorrectly. Also I could learn writing skills in ELI. English writing style is distinct from my country's writing style so when I wrote essay in English first time I was confused a lot. Sometimes it was very ambiguous and not clarified. After studying writing skills in ELI still I have a lot of grammatical problems I could express my idea by writing in English. As a result I could enhance my English while I have studied in ELI. If I had not gone ELI I would not have improved my English like this. The other effect that I got since I have studied in ELI is to understand other countries' cultures. I had lived only in Korea for approximately 20 years to contact only Koreans. However I met a lot of people who come from various different countries since I have studied in ELI. To be honest I couldn't understand their country's culture and life style before I went to ELI and I had a bias against some countries. While studying English together with them in ELI I perceived the truth that I had wrong idea to them and I could understand their cultures. Also the most exciting thing was I could be a friend with them because I had never thought I could make international friends when I was in my country. I like them as much as my Korean friends. Consequently I could broaden my mental vision so I could understand the people who come different country from my country and could be close with them by studying in ELI. The last principle effect that I got from ELI was I could make my life goal. Before I came to ELI I was a college student who studied about education of elementary school students. However I had a lot of worries about my future. I didn't want to be a teacher directly after graduating school. I had been thought about my future a lot of time but I didn't have answer. While studying English in ELI I could observe other students who studied English for their obvious goal they wanted to achieve. Also I had a lot of chance to talk about my future with those students. That was really helpful to me to make my own life long term plan also short term plan going to graduate school after graduating my college. Studying English and meeting different students made me to decide my life plan considerably so now I am ready to implement my life target. Now I have only two weeks to study in ELI. In my retrospect studying English in ELI was a wonderful experience I have never had. I could acquire a lot of valuable things from ELI. I could improve my English so I never reluctant to talk with foreigners now and as you can see I could write my own idea in English. Also I could have chance to see and understand different cultures from my country. Moreover I could make many international friends. Most important of all I could have good opportunity to look back myself and make my own life goal. If I haven't gone to ELI I would not have had those things.
