Have you thought about the dangers of teenage drinking We often can see a lot of terrible and diverse accidents such as drunken driving accidents teen pregnancy and antisocial behaviors caused by teenage drinking all over the mass media. In 2005 there were more than 145 000 emergency rooms visits by youth 12 to 20 years for injuries and other conditions linked to alcohol. Drug Abuse Warning Network 2006 Furthermore in modern society new and amazing advertisement techniques cause teenagers' curiosity about alcohol and entice them to drink alcohol. These environmental facts bring on some negative effects to them directly or indirectly. So alcoholism is no longer just an adult problem. There are main five reasons that I strongly disagree with the idea that the drinking age should be lowered to 18 health effects psychological effects legal and social effects teen alcoholism and sex and family problems First of all teenagers' bodies are not developed completely. In other words they might have high possibility poisoned by alcohol due to their immature organs. One of our important organs is the brain. According to research the brain is not fully matured until the mid twenty. Moreover brain cells known as neuron cells cannot regenerate themselves like skin cells if they are dead or damaged. So brain damage caused by alcohol during the teenage might be fatal and permanent. Also the teen alcoholism has a negative effect on important body systems such as the endocrine system which release the hormones that regulate growth and puberty. In addition there is the increased risk for a variety of diseases such as cirrhosis hepatitis and pancreatitis. These diseases often result in death. Secondly alcohol affects not only teenagers' emotional and psychological aspects but also those of family members friends and co workers that have life long ramifications. One of reasons why teenagers drink alcohols might relieve their stress and relax their feeling. But it makes young people paralyze their rational and logical thinking and end up poor judgments. These poor judgments often result in some negative effects such as abnormal behaviors or violence which rebel against family rule and reveal sudden resistance to discipline at school. Furthermore mentally teen alcoholics show their abrupt changes in mood or emotion. So if they are not treated in time they will become addictive and alcohol dependent. Also there is a risk for them to have depression or anxiety which leads them to commit suicide in the end. Thirdly legal and social problems can be other negative effects caused by drinking alcohol. Alcohols lead people to become aggressive impulsive and irrational and they result in committing crimes such as drunken driving impulsive theft and fighting ending up in jail. These criminal behaviors will be recorded on the record and hence it will become an inevitable obstacle which is overwhelmed by their past mistakes for their whole life. Especially drunken driving is one of fatal and vulnerable accidents in that it causes not only the death of them but also that of other people. One more dangerous thing is that alcoholics have high proclivity to use other drugs such as cocaine and heroin that are prohibited by the law. Fourthly young people begin to have a strong curiosity about the other sex when they experience their physical changes and puberty. With this dramatic change when they drink together they make much more chances to make a love unconsciously and instinctively. Sometimes male teenagers are looking for prostitutes or rape forcibly female ones. These sexual impulses cause two severe problems. The first problem is the fact that they have a highly extended possibility exposed to fatal sexual diseases such as AIDs and syphilis. The second problem is unexpected pregnancy. Not only can alcohol have negative effects on the person using it but it can also damage the innocent such as unborn children. In addition newborn children delivered by mothers who are alcoholic are easy to get either fetal alcohol syndrome or with fetal alcohol effects inherently. In the worst case they have a high possibility to decide abortion. Finally these teenagers' alcoholics impose not only an incurable pain on their family members but a financial burden. Their unusual changes include the rebelling against family rules the uncharacteristic withdrawal from family and the heightened secrecy about action. These abnormal behavior patterns against family cause the disconnection of the strong family bond and distrust among them. The effort to recover their belief and trust established between an assailant and a sufferer might be very difficult process and hence it will take a long time to overcome this problem. In addition it requires a great amount of money to rehabilitate alcohol dependence ending up the indigence of a family. Also they are easily excluded from their friends and societies. The collapse of a fundamental family might bring about the loss of a site of our lives and is comparable with the collapse of ecosystem. In conclusion during the period of childhood and adolescence teenagers' drinking causes a lot of negative effects on themselves family and society. Drinking alcohol will cause some bad effects on their immature brain and other organs and result in the occurrence of diverse and fatal diseases. It also causes inability to think rationally and show various legal and social problems such as drunken driving and impulsive crime including theft and rape. The saddest thing caused by teenager drinking is the collapse of a strong relationship among family members. In order to protect our young people from these problems we have to come up with diverse and effective solutions such as the potent law making the campaign for anti alcoholism and restriction of alcohol advertisement. Due to these negative effects I strongly insist on the idea that underage drinking should not be lowered to 18 for their health and spiritual safety.
