Kinds of phobias Everybody might have a fear of their parents' anger or be afraid of a crazy dog which it is usually not a severe situation but one who has an intense fear of specific people objects or situations and tries to avoid the subject unreasonably and excessively which is called phobia. According to the information of the National Institute of Mental Health NIMH in Wikipedia there were between 8. 7 And 18. 1 Of Americans suffering from phobias and it indicated that phobias were common mental diseases among women in all age groups and men above 25 years old. It is important to know and understand the disorder symptoms of phobias because it is not the sufferers' fault and there is no evidence that can tell what exactly causes phobias. Phobias can be divided into three kinds Social phobias Agoraphobias and specific phobias. The first kind of phobias social phobia also called social anxiety disorder when someone is scared to perform in front of others or avoids social situations. If people feel excessively embarrassed about performing in public or try to avoid social contact extremely with others because they are afraid of humiliating themselves in front of others they might have social phobia. For example when one has to give a speech in public he feels excessively nervous and embarrassed and really wants to escape that speech he might have social phobia. Other fears like having a fear of eating or drinking in public talking to strangers or being called on in class are also social phobia. A second kind of phobias is agoraphobia that is being afraid of leaving home or staying in public or open spaces and may develop panic reaction and attacks especially when one is alone. People with agoraphobia become anxious when they stay in crowded places such as shopping mall school or movie theaters. If people have agoraphobia they cannot go out alone or always try to stay in a safe area. For instance they might stay at home or a place where they feel safe if they need to go out for a walk one of their friends or family members might accompany them otherwise they would be panic and possible panic attacks to other strangers would happen. The final kind of phobias is specific phobia that involves fear of some specific single object such as snake water or fire or fear of closed in places or heights. When people have specific phobia they are afraid of facing the things that they are scared of and always try to avoid that entity as far as they could immediately and it usually makes no sense. For example when people have specific phobia about cockroaches every time they see a cockroach and then run away from it as soon as possible The other example if people have specific phobia with narrow place like elevator they cannot enter an elevator because they might imagine that the elevator would break down and they will get trapped and die. Having any kind of phobias is a serious problem for people. As a result of phobias it may interfere with the sufferers' life or career. If your families or friends have any kind of phobias I suggest that they should go to a doctor and facing their phobias problem immediately. After understanding why they have phobia they might overcome their phobias and fears by doctor's help.
