Culture Shock What are the reasons of culture shock Also what are the things that lead to culture shock According to TeensHealth web site ''' Culture shock isn't a clinical term or medical condition. It's simply a common way to describe the confusing and nervous feelings a person may have after leaving a familiar culture to live in a new and different culture. '' Usually lots of people grew up in their hometown and lived surrounded by their family and relatives. Suddenly they decided to travel and leave their hometown to achieve their target in a new country. It means that some of people may suffer from being away from their back home and might face some obstacles which one of that is culture shock. It is obvious that culture shock happens because of peoples' misunderstanding and confusing between verbal communication and nonverbal communication in the new country that they arrived. There are so a great deal of people who was living in non developing country and by the time they moved to a modern country that they got a culture shock. Now that the enormous difference between the countries whether in technology or variety system they confront the complexity in dealing with that. There are three main causes contributing to culture shock language different habits and homesickness. Initially one of the primary causes of culture shock that immigrants face is different language due to difficulty of speaking a foreign language and how to cooperate with people. In addition there are enormous differences between nations in communication. For example communication through words verbal communication and body language nonverbal communication differ from one country to another which produce culture shock such as nodding or bowing done by Japanese people are not understandable in Saudi culture. Also since difficult pronunciation and different accents between inhabitants some of them would feel embarrassed to speak. Pat Hile said ''' It is the nagging fear that you'll never be able to learn the language. One day you think you are really making progress and the next you seem to be unable to say anything. '' From my perspective acquisition of the language is not so easy but it is extremely crucial to merge with a new culture and learn their language. Different habits are the most common factors that cause culture shock. A person who was familiar with his own customs own habits and own traditions trying to modify them to suit a new culture and these may cause shock. For instance different in education systems driving car shopping and clothing cause huge shock. Eating habits in Saudi Arabia are unlike those in the US. Also different methods of society's habits cause shock. For example people from Saudi are surprised when they go to the USA and see women drive and walk on street with casual dressing because the law in Saudi Arabia does not allow women to drive and the Muslims women usually don't wear casual attire out of their home. American culture is so different from others that many people who came to the USA feel amazed by their own system and their own ways which all of that attribute to culture shock especially if the person came from small town or village to a huge city. However some immigrants appeal against the new culture and they would to manipulate it as they want by trying to persist to retain pursuing their own traditional culture which led to culture shock. A very apparent aspect that causes culture shock is homesickness. Traveling to a new country and new culture is one of the reasons of culture shock. A great deal of immigrants are usually accustomed to do many things in their previous lives whether alone or with panel. For example some may be accustomed to meet their family and sit with their parent every day but they miss them in new country. Additionally some teenagers are accustomed to not being worried and thinking about anything if something wrong happened to them. The reason is because they were depending on their parents and the parents would help them immediately but it is so difficult in a new culture to find the help to overcome any obstacle. Being far away from a special person can cause you feel depressed as well as in secure a new culture which leads to homesickness which lead to culture shock. In conclusion therefore a lots of relevant aspects to each other that cause culture shock such as speaking a new language different customs and homesickness. Culture shock with new things is unfamiliarity with and inability to live with the same routine from their past. If people learn from the problems caused by culture shock the people will be able to acquire plenty of benefits such as teach a person new experiences learn the person how to depends on his or her self and if he face challenges reinforce him to solve them. Reference TeensHealth ANON URLPAGE. Pat. Hile Article 16416 Language Shock Culture Shock and How to Cope Nov 01 1979 Volume 7 2. ANON URLPAGE
