It is clearly not necessary to go foreign countries to study a foreign language at a young age like elementary or middle school ages. Do you think that going abroad to study a foreign language is really necessary for students who are young like elementary or middle school ages eight to fifteen years old Speaking English fluently is one of the advantages when people try to get jobs or go to good high schools or universities in Korea. And studying in other countries such as the USA Canada Australia or China is a trend of the educational world in Korea nowadays. Parents whose children are going abroad think that they will learn a foreign language and have a great living in the future. However it is clearly not necessary to go foreign countries to study a foreign language. In fact there are some good reasons for not doing so including family and social factors. Going out to a foreign country to study a foreign language breaks relationship between family members. There is a proverb about relationship out of sight out of mind . I know a family which has a break family relationship. The father has lived alone in Seoul and his wife and children have lived in Canada for their children's education. They have lived separately for some years and finally the couple divorced. I remember that he has said to me several times I was like a money machine to my family. They called me whenever they needed money. I was so lonely. After that he met other woman and fell in love. And there was an extremely case of the break family relationship in Korea. Han Sang Park who killed his parents and was a hot issue in 1994 did not know well about love between family members. He was also a student who studied for several years in the USA. After studying he returned his family but he did not adjust to family and social culture and had some complaints against parents. During doing so he killed very cruelly his parents at his house. SuHyang ANON_NAME_0 2007 And Do you know the Korean movie Fly Penguins directed by Leem Sun Rye Korean director There are four penguins in this movie one of them means father who live alone whose wife and children live in other country to study a foreign language. This movie clearly shows us social reality about our educational problem. Special event team 2009 A family lives together especially when children are young. They need not only physical security but also mental care. I think that family has to live together and share their feeling about difficulty happiness and sorrow. If they are faced with difficult troubles they have to overcome these problems together. And if there are pleasant or sad events they share that joy and grief together. In my case I have lived with my husband and a son because of my husband's research in the USA for two years but I still miss my parents and siblings a lot. When I was faced with language and culture problems I was so depressed. I thought of my mother a lot. Even though I have lived with my own family and am an adult I have been often afraid of isolation and a strange environment. How much more would children There is another case. I have a neighbor who is a Korean woman and lives with her two children who had a bicycle accident two years ago. She told me if she had lived them separately she would have felt guilty about hurting her children at that moment. And there is another case. I have a nephew who has studied alone in Philadelphia is seventeen years old. He said to my family I want to go back Korea because I miss my family a lot and want to share my feelings I feel every moment. I think he has felt loneliness about separating family and fear about strange culture and living of a foreign land in spite of high school student. It is heavy economic loss for family and nation to go out to a foreign country to learn a foreign language. There are necessary things to live such as a house material goods and public utilities. People who live separately need to pay those necessities of life twice. According to the Nanum news the only cost of boarding school is average 20 000 50 000 every year. 2009 The Department of Commerce in the USA estimates scale of money about 178 hundred million a year which foreign students spend. Over 2 billion Won Korean money has been sent to the USA for the cost related with study there. The New York Times said that there were 'wild geese fathers' who go out foreign countries to see their wives and children one or two times a year 'eagle fathers' who do so often a year and 'penguin fathers' who give up seeing their families because of lack of money in Korea when they announced a hot trend of early studying abroad. JongRyul Park 2009 There are social problems such as not proven native teachers and educational institutes. Before students go abroad to study a foreign language they want to prepare well. And they find native teachers but it is not easy to get swindled. I saw a news article a man who was a native speaker and had lived for 10 years as an illegal resident since 1999. He had taught English in the church program but he had graduated only middle school in the USA. SunSeok Leem 2009 There was a news article about a problem of foreign academy in the USA. Mr. Jo who is a Korean an owner of boarding house and lives in New York was arrested by USA police because of violation. He has had two houses and managed twenty two students who are Korean students there. During doing so he hit some students by reason of not following his words. As a result of that 22 Korean students came back to Korea. Foreign academy offers one package with school introduction boarding and guidance of after school for having a lot of students of abroad. AhYeon ANON_NAME_1 2009 Moreover going out to a foreign country to study a foreign language aggravate a crisis of social status gap between the wealthy and the poor. People can also see the rich get richer and the poor get poorer in educational field. The proportion of the studying aboard is different from the wealthy and the poor. These status quo will be continue or expand. My friend who lives in Gangnam which is famous for living the wealthy classes and a teacher said to me there were generally one of third 1 3 students were going out the other country to learn English for vacation period in her school. On the other hand I was a teacher whose school was located in Gangbuk which is famous for living the ordinary or poor. In my school case there were not much students studying aboard for vacation period. People who insist on going out to the other countries to learn English say that it is a preparatory process for the future. Yes preparing future is a good plan. However people can lose a lot of crucial things while they prepare not guaranteed future. Do you think future is more important than present It is good to prepare the future but people can lose the most crucial thing such as precious family relationship and spirits and can be faced economic crisis on their family and social problems such as fraud or social status gap during doing so. People have to think about what it the most important is for their children who are very young like elementary or middle school ages eight to fifteen years old. References ANON_NAME_1 AhYeon The Shadow of early abroading study KBS News 30 Aug. 2009 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK Kim SunHee The necessary things before preparing a study in the USA Nanum 27 Nov. 2009 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_NAME_0 SuHyang HanSang Park killed his parents Ilyo News 15 Mar. 2007 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK ANON_URLSPAGE_Leem SunSeok Foreign English instructors teach students when they are hallucinating Kyungin 25 Nov. 2009 27 Nov 2009 translation by HSK ANON_URLSPAGE_Park JongRyul The hot trend of study in the USA Nowhere 22 Nov. 2009 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK ANON_URLSPAGE_Special event team Cinema Odyssey Fly Penguins Sportschosun 26 Oct. 2009 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK ANON URLPAGE
