Architectural styles are classified according to many factors such as time period region or techniques. Also cultural aspects could be the principal factors to create the style. Architecture styles have been developing daily so it 's hard to determine all of them for instance there are Bauhaus style Chinese architecture style Classical style and The International style. Therefore I can divide the styles of Architecture in terms of the most well known which are The Islamic The Gothic and The modern style. First Islamic Architecture is an old style which began in the 17th century developing from the ancient Middle East. The feature of the buildings was made to support the religious and social manners such as praying spaces and family gathering courts. Also this style became an influence to European architecture during the Medieval period. Some of the Islamic shapes are Arch Iwan Gardens and Sahan. Examples can be found in many places in the Middle East like Iraq and Yemen North Africa like Morocco and Spain. Second Gothic style had thrived during the late Medieval period and lasted 'till the 16th century . This style also is known as The French Style due to its first appearance was in France. Gothic Architecture has many features include the pointed arch the ribbed vault and the flying buttress. The most well known building with this style is Reims Cathedral in France. Third Modern Architecture is the simple form of ornament from the structure to the building appearance unlike the Islamic and the Gothic styles. This style was developed in the 20th century and was adapted by many influential architects such as Louis Sullivan Frank Lloyd Wright and Le Corbusier. The main materials of this style are iron steel and glass. Modernist Architecture has more widely spread in many countries which lead to the creation of the International style which the Architecture of the 21st century in most countries. Overall the styles of Architecture vary depending on many elements like the land geography the era and the culture. Consequently new styles of Architecture could create over the course of time.
