Schwarzenegger Should Be Eligible to Become the President of the U. S From being a movie star to the governor of California Arnold Schwarzenegger did well in everything. Unfortunately such an excellent person is not eligible to run for president of the U. S. Since Benjamin Franklin drafted the Constitution people like Arnold have been excluded from this country's highest office because the Constitution doesn't allow people who were born outside of the U. S. To run for president. As the Constitution says No person except a natural born Citizen or a Citizen of the United States at the time of the adoption of this Constitution shall be eligible to the Office of President the U. S. Constitution 1997 . Do you think it is fair for those foreign born citizens They chose the U. S. As their home country however they had no choice about where they were born. That's not their fault. If their origin couldn't change one thing could be transformed to cater to them the Constitution. The U. S. Constitution should be amended to allow U. S. Citizens born outside of the United States to run for president since the Constitution manifests its discrimination against the foreign born U. S. Citizens. Running for president as a part of citizens' participation in politics must embody its equality. Democracy is a political government either carried out by the people or the power to govern is granted to elected representatives. Even though there is no specific universally accepted definition of democracy there are two principles that any definition of democracy includes equality and freedom Democracy 2008 . Since the first day the U. S. Established this country has been defined as a democratic country. Democracy is the tradition of the U. S. This means everything in this country must be equal. Voting and standing for election are the most important parts in people's political lives especially for the presidential election. Every citizen in the U. S. Has the right to take part in political activities. Running for president is not an exception. It is unfair for those citizens whose eligibility is deprived even when they were born. It is legally discriminatory. This is contradictory to the democratic spirit. Hence the Constitution should be amended not only for those minorities who were born overseas but also for the constitution itself. This rule conflicts with federal labor law. With the economics globalization the U. S. Hires a large number of overseas employees. Considering that the president is just a position only more competitive than others why couldn't we abdicate the presidency to a U. S. Citizen who is not a foreigner just born overseas The U. S. Is an immigrant country. Since it established the U. S. Has welcomed many immigrants. Most jobs are open to the immigrants and some of them became the citizens of the U. S. After working and applying for the citizenship. These jobs include political positions such as senator governor cabinet members etc. The only exception is the presidency. We acknowledge that the presidency is more important than other jobs. However this shouldn't become the excuse that we don't accept some of our citizens to apply for this job. If this doesn't change in the Constitution it will generate some issues which conflicts with the labor law because both federal and state laws protect workers from employment discrimination on the basis of race gender religion national origin and age United States Labor Law n. D. . Some people would say the law which conflicts with the Constitution should be changed not the Constitution because the Constitution is rudimentary. If these people saw 27 times of the Constitution amendments in history the U. S. Constitution 1997 they would realize that the Constitution is not eternal which probably has some flaws. This rule is out of date nowadays current political system can compensate for the possibility of the throne's being usurped by other country's citizens. The Constitution was drafted when the U. S. Established. The purpose of this rule was to protect and maintain the security of this country in case that many overseas powers tried to be enthroned at that time. Moreover some of people were worrying about the divided loyalty which would lead to the profit transfer to their natural born countries. We thank Benjamin Franklins for their wisdom. However it is out of date. Right now we have a complete political system to restrict the president. Even if the president sign some documents the bill must be approved by the Congress. The complete political system can minimize the adverse effects that a foreign born president could bring. Furthermore the presidential supervision by public opinions has never been so strong since the Constitution was drafted. If the president issues an act he must think carefully about the public opinions. Therefore those who worried about this could reassure now. They the foreign born Americans are not the minorities. When the front page of U. S. Today headlined Should the Constitution be Amended for Arnold The answer is no . A Gallup poll showed that two thirds of Americans were opposed to amending the constitution Leamer 2005 p. 353 . As long as it appeared to be a revision to benefit one man that was unlikely to change. Although people like Arnold favored the constitutional amendment it seems hard to acquire adequate support from the majority because they the citizens who were born outside of the U. S. Are the minority in this country. However according to the U. S. Census statistic United States Foreign Born Population 2000 the proportion of the foreign born people 31107890 persons is about one seventh of the total population of the U. S. It has outnumbered what we imagined. We might ignore one person Arnold can we ignore one seventh of the whole population Another reason we shouldn't ignore so called minority is that many of them have been playing crucial roles in many positions for this country. Let us see some of the great Americans who were born overseas. Dr. Henry Kissinger Henry Kissinger n. D. Who was a German born diplomat in the Nixon Administration played a dominant role in United States foreign policy between 1969 and 1977. Zbigniew Brzezinski Zbigniew Brzezinski 2009 born in Warsaw is an American political scientist and statesman who served as United States National Security Advisor to President Jimmy Carter from 1977 to 1981. Known for his hawkish foreign policy at a time when the Democratic Party was increasingly dovish he is a foreign policy realist. There are too numerous to mention here. We can imagine that these elites would probably play more important role if they were presidents. Conversely not all natural born presidents were welcome in history. Warren Harding Warren G. Harding n. D. The 29th U. S. President led a government full of scandals. Hence considering the national profit we should throw away something that is really unimportant. In the U. S. History the Constitution has been amended for many times. With the society progressing we will face more and more challenges that will be contradictory to the Constitution. The only way is to amend it to adjust to modern society. Just like this foreign born policy more and more people will realize its limitation. Although it is tough to be accepted by most people now we've been happy to see that the support on this issue is much more than ten years ago. I believe America will accept a foreign born citizen to become president in the future. What we need is only time. References Democracy. 2008 . Retrieved from Wiki ANON_URLSPAGE_Henry Kissinger. N. D. . Retrieved from Wiki ANON_URLSPAGE_Leamer L. 2005 . Fantastic the life of Arnold Shwarzenegger. New York St. Martin's Press. The U. S. Constitution. 1997 . Retrieved from the U. S. Constitution Online ANON URLPAGE. United States Foreign Born Population. 2000 . Retrieved from U. S. Census bureau ANON_URLSPAGE_States Labor Law. N. D. . Retrieved from Wiki ANON URLPAGE. Warren G. Harding. N. D. . Retrieved from Wiki ANON_URLSPAGE_Zbigniew Brzezinski. 2009 . Retrieved from Wiki ANON URLPAGE
