Smoking must be banned Why people are still smoking regardless medical professional warnings What is the major factor that makes people not stopping lightening cigarettes And other urging questions which we all know the answers but we ignore the consequences. Do not be astonished when you see a doctor smokes instead ask yourself why he is smoking however he knows the bad effects of smoking. Smoking cigarette contains addictive substance called nicotine. In addition it contains 559 additives which approved by the U. S government such as Acetanisole Acetic acid Ammonia Benaldehyde . After burning these substances more than 4000 chemical substances are produced most of them are toxic or carcinogenic. Today over 1. 1 Billion smokers in the world which urges us to take a serious action to stop an approaching disaster. Are those facts and what have revealed in research studies enough to stand seriously against cigarettes manufacture Why have not governments criminalized smoking There are two reasons that force us to reformulate our laws smoking has effect on smokers' and nonsmoker's health and economy. Undoubtedly smoking has effect on health which is the most important thing you should take care of it. Governments have established research centers and supported researchers to overcome the human's health threats. Besides punishments are applied if human's health is affected. Smoking affects every organ in the body. Recent research studies have shown health problems related to smoking and the most deadly consequence is cancer the second leading cause of death. Smoking causes cancers of the lung bladder kidney pancreas stomach and oral cavity. Also it causes heart diseases for instance coronary heart disease the leading cause of death in the United States. Also it causes tooth and gum disease delays wound healing undermines taste and smell. Giving a hospital or cancers centers a visit would help you to get a close view of smoking victims and how they are suffering. What we have read and listened is not a fiction story or Hollywood movie it is an alarming bell. What is more smoking harms nonsmokers which called a passive smoke or secondhand smoke. Nonsmokers are subjected to coronary artery disease lung cancer and allergic reactions. Also infants and children who are exposed to passive smoke have a high risk of sudden infant death syndrome SIDS and poor lung function. All those facts have revealed in research and people who care of nation's health have tried to educate consumers and warn cigarette manufactures but they have failed to make a dent. You would never be or your relative one of the smoking victims while you are quiet. Are you free of responsibility Everyone who lives in the earth is responsible and should speak for people's health. The second reason is the effect of smoking on economy. Many people rely on tobacco growing farms to support their families. In the United States 56 977 farms that were grew tobacco in 2002. Tobacco is grown in 21 states in the United States. Two thirds of tobacco production is in Kentucky and North ANON_NAME_0. What about consumers How much they spent a year It is a large number you couldn't imagine. It was estimated that 82 billion was spent on cigarette in 2006. Furthermore governments have spent billions to treat smoking consequences. For example United States spent 193 billion in health bills to treat smoking related disease during 2002 2004. On the other hand smoking fans say it helps them to concentrate and relax. Another view is many people make money from growing tobacco and if smoking is banned they will lose their incomes. Also many employees are working in cigarette companies consequently they will lose their jobs if it is banned and there are other opinions that go along with smoking for one reason or another. Indeed all those reasons have solutions and governments can compensate those with more profitable and healthy. By creating alternatives we will not lose more money on treating smoking related disease. Also governments will enhance their economies and population's health. In conclusion smoking should be banned everywhere and stop producing cigarettes to make our environment healthy and suitable for coming generations. Also applying strict rules on cigarette manufactures and even better to stop them. But that is not easy due to many obstacles that face whoever tries to do something good for his community. Only by working together and educated people can we achieve our goals. We should not escape from our ethics and let greed controls our lives.
