Doctors are people who studied Medicine for many reasons. The most important reason that they study and learn how to treat people and diagnose diseases is to take care of people and diagnose and treat or cure them. There are many types of doctors and they are categorized based on their specialty. Some specific examples are Opthomologists Dermatologists Surgeons and Dentists. Additionally there are specialists known as Para Medical doctors they assist the doctors in treating patients. There are many different types of doctors and in the following paragraphs a few specific specialists will be explained. First off doctors are people who study the human body and how to treat patients. When a person doesn't feel well they go to the hospital and they can meet with a doctor who will diagnose them based on their symptoms. He she will give them instruction on how to treat their illness and depending on their condition a prescription to fill. Or he she will send them to another specialist who has more experience with their problem. Some of these specialties include surgeons ophthalmologists and dermatologists. For example ophthalmologist specialize in eyes and vision dermatologist specialize in skin conditions and surgeons on perform surgeries on people who need them. Also there are subspecialties in surgery such as general surgeons and cosmetic surgeons. General surgeons can remove a tumor from someone's stomach whereas a cosmetic surgeon is will improve the appearance of someone. Next if a person experiences pain in their teeth or something wrong with their teeth they will go to the doctor. So the question then becomes what kind of doctor In these cases the person will see a dentist. Dentists are doctors who specialize in taking care of peoples' teeth when necessary. For example if a patient's teeth need filling or cleaning dentists will take care of that. In addition dentists can specialize into different divisions including pathology and radiology. Pathologists are doctors who specialize in the science of disease. They receive samples of abnormal tissue process it look at it under the microscope and try to come up with a diagnosis or differential diagnoses. Radiologists take x rays and then view them taking notice of any abnormalities and then diagnose the problems or come up with a differential diagnosis. Lastly there are doctors known as Para medical doctors or doctor's assistants. These include physical therapists and nutritionists. They're called this because they help the doctors in diagnosing patients. For example if a patient has a problem or disorder a doctor cannot treat on their own the physical therapists and the nutritionists assist in caring for the patient. In conclusion there are many doctors in the medical field and they all have the same purpose to treat and cure patients. They all treat patients differently depending on their specialty. These specialties are based on what they learned and what kind of doctor they are whether they be physicians dentists or Para medicals.
