SCHOOL UNIFORM IMPLEMENTATION In some countries or cities schools require uniforms for students. There are several ideas about implementing this regulation. Some people like this idea and support some people believe that is not necessary. In my opinion every kind of school worldwide until university time should impose this regulation. Kids and teenager's age are in an age group that can easily learn bad new things and make mistakes. Wearing what they want at school and spending more time for this rather than studying can cause big problems for many students now and then. The benefits of school uniforms should be told to students by authorities. And children should be conscious of why and how is it so important on their life. Therefore this regulation should be one of the main requirements for primary middle and high schools in every country. First of all a school uniform regulation prevents the discrepancy between students. You may wonder how but the answer is easy to find. The laws represent that everyone has the same rights for a human being however there is no equivalence about economic life. Everyone makes money in a month as distinct from another. Therefore this difference directly reflects to members of a family. Think about a kid who grew up in a wealthy family. Usually these parents raise their kids with the best opportunities like buying many expensive clothes toys. This tradition follows the big desires year after year. When they start having an education in schools this goings on are definitely going to go on. Ambition about wearing diverse and trendy clothes all the time cost parents more than they can imagine. In every school there can be rich and poor family's children. So this diversity evinces on students the economical difference between parents. And the inevitable result the social problems as a result of economic difference occur. The uniform regulation decreases violence and theft even life threatening situations among students over designer clothing or expensive sneakers especially in some countries. Second a school uniform is also helpful for school administrators. It saves them from having to police what the students wear. There are no daily battles regarding what's appropriate or not for school. This means saving time for school directors and students. When we think the opposite of this in other words school administrator spare time to police clothes daily eventually they need to warn some students about what they wear. Because having freedom about attire pushes some student to create their own style which is not appropriate in school. To be warned in front of friends or on the quiet hurt their feelings or revolt to the system. Another benefit of uniform is making easier for the school authorities to recognize students belonging to their school. Because every school's uniform design work is different from another. Thirdly a school uniform saves huge time for students. Who wants to wear the same clothes because of the economical problems especially if you see the same friends who are wearing varied attires five times on a week. Everybody likes having trendy and attractive attires. The first key of this is having much money another one spending much time. But uniforms save students putting their fashion tastes before their learning requirements. When they don't have to spend time wondering what to wear and how to make a fashion statement they can devote more time to getting an education. Wearing the uniforms on weekdays they need go shopping only for weekends. School should be the place only going for education not for fashion show. Fourthly a school uniform instills a sense of discipline and community feeling. This naturally reduces incidents of violence. Students can come to school without worrying about personal safety. Teachers don't have to double as guards and can concentrate on teaching. Students who have school uniforms have a feeling that they are different and are selected from other people. And this idea pushes them to study more and achieve tough things than others can do. It teaches the meaning of discipline before they start to work join the army and get married. Because wearing the same combination everyday need to have patience but this patience opens other propriety of conduct. Socialization is the keystone of a society. At the same time the school uniforms are the keystone of the socialization in schools. Because it prevents cliques in school and teaches the community feeling and equality. Also it helps prevent gang members from wearing gang colors and insignia at school. Sometimes we read and watch on the news the consequences of this behavior patterns. Some people believe freedom of self expression is stifled and curbed by school uniforms. They believe that a uniform breeds uniformity and prevent free thinking children to become the thinkers of tomorrow. In my opinion children don't need to express their individual creativity on their clothes five times in a week at school. They will be more successful during their life when they use their creativity and free thinking on their academic performance. Having their own style everyday is not important much as having a community feeling and socialization. Improper make up and jewelry can be the following individual way of self expression. The people who support this idea face to face the problems that are caused by the desire of self expression. In addition to the students can wear whatever they want on weekends and holidays. They can practice the sober ideas which they learned in the school on their attires. In conclusion there are countless benefits of school uniform implementation. Schools uniforms are highly cost effective and relieve the parents from the burden of buying fashionable and expensive clothes every now and then. Students concentrate more on their studies rather than on deciding their wardrobe. A fixed dress code helps the students perform academically better. And also it reduces the amount of class time teachers spend determining if a student's outfit is acceptable. Apart from removing distraction uniforms compel students to take school environment more seriously. Children tend to be misjudged and ridiculed by others due to the kind of clothes they wear. Thus uniforms reduce social conflict and violence in the schools. In addition this regulation reduces the social problems the students might have. In my opinion every kind of school worldwide until university time should impose this regulation. The disadvantages which people are talking about aren't important than having a correct education. Author S. P. 5 18 2007 Benefits of School Uniforms Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Author M. A. 14 March 2007 Benefits of School Uniforms Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_The U. S. Department of Education in consultation with local communities and the U. S. Department of Justice. Feb. 29 1996 School Uniforms Where They Are and Why They Work Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
