It this is appeard not to fix please look for your e mail. I sent it. History is made by person who challenge someone saids. As that word there were so many kinds of challenges in history. Also There are a lot of challenges in the individual life while we are living. What is challenge What do you think challenge is well. . Something dropped in my mind when I hear challenge are change never to give up to try something to be better more than currently life . Sometimes that might be learning English searching a new jop trying something new. From children's pot training to adult's establishing a company we face with a lot of challenge kinds and a lots of challenge even though it is small or big. In this page I' d like to introduce one man who lived with challenge mind for his life. That man is the late ANON_NAME_0 Joo Young the supper CEO who established Hyeon ANON_NAME_1 company you know. He is the first man who tried and succeeded at the exportation in Korea. He is the first man who made the K. B. High way it's made for most rapidest period on the world record. He made pony this car was made by pure Korea skill for the first time. When the Olympic community chief role is given to him by a private business man for the first he made Korea be the location which is held the Olympic. He visited N. Korea with 5 hundreds of cows walking through the Panmunjeom in 1989 just in half a centry since was divided into 2 section of S. And N. Korea. The world was looking at that amazing scene through tv. All of those I mentioned were things that were said it's impossible. But he got an impossible thing to be a possible thing and became the person who will be enable to be forgotten in Korea and World. From borned as a son of a poor farmer in the colony period runed away from home as teenage went through a physical labor and a rice delivery passed through an owner motorcar repair center to be the biggest CEO in Korea Hyeon ANON_NAME_1 shipbuilding is the biggist in the world he couldn't help entering in a lot of difficult situations. Every that sltuation he never gave up and tried impossible things and at last he made a creative way. When the rice store rising in was closed by the distributing system of Japan when the motorcar repair center was burn out by a small mistake he did so too. When he was making 'Ko Ryeong' brige he was showing lots of loss. People said let's stop building but he didn't quit it telling trust is more important than profits. At the end he became to have more work form Government. This produced an effect on current 'Hyeon ANON_NAME_1' industry. I am making a small challenge these day. It's too difficult for me to learn English. I was graduated the school already and I have two children to take care of. But I want to do challenge continually even if someone says it's impossible. . Never give up Do something it's seems to be impossible. It's my challenge slogan in pittsburgh.
