Gery for the fractured bones. In fact this surgery takes a lot of time and it has complex procedures. Because the fractured bones need several weeks or months to get healed and they need bone grafting to join them to each other. Also the degenerative joints disease is another bone disease which is developed by aging are treated by the orthopedic surgeons. For example knee and hip osteoarthritis. The main surgical treatment is the artificial joints which take place the degenerated joints. The second category is the neuro surgeons. These surgeons are the doctors who are responsible for treating the neurological diseases. These diseases might result from external harm to the human body neuromuscular diseases or disc prolapsed diseases. External harm to the body like traffic accidents lead to traumatic brain injury and fracture of the skull bones. This case requires complex surgical procedures to the brain that are done by the neuro surgeon. More dangerous than that are the inherited neuromuscular diseases like multiple sclerosis which leads to complete paralysis of the body. In this critical disease the neuro surgeon will treat the symptoms such as sensation loss by injection antibiotics in the nerves to enhance their functions. Another kind of the neurological diseases is that resulted from compression on the nerve roots by the disc. For example Sciatica in the back and Spondylosis in the neck need an urgent decompressive surgery to eliminate the compression on the nerve roots. The third category is the Physical Therapists. In comparison to the surgeon the physical therapist's job is entirely different because he does not use any surgical intervention. Furthermore he treats his patients by physical procedures such as the application of hot or cold packs and by physical exercises. Medically physical therapy starts when a patient has orthopedic or neuro surgery which is known as post surgical physical rehabilitation. For instance the patient who had a surgery for the fractured bone or joint needs stretching and strengthening exercises to strength and facilitate a normal range of motion to the affected limb. Also these exercises are necessary for the weak muscles and the stiff joints. Regarding the neurological diseases the physical therapist helps the patient to maintain his activities of daily living by strengthening and balance exercises. In conclusion all of the doctors have their relevant specialties in all medical areas. No matter what are their specialties they should coordinate their treatment medically surgically and physically. As a result of this coordinated and harmonized working the patient will get the most comprehensive and maximum benefit of treatment.
