Books that I Enjoy Reading Reading is a great habit. Through reading I can learn a lot of and I just do it pass the time. Furthermore when I am reading I can learn a lot of vocabulary and orthography. Also there are many kind of reading sometimes can be amusing or exciting or sometimes can be tedious or boring. However the most important is that I can choose a good reading where I can find my expectations. There are three kind of books that I enjoy reading Biographies History and Novels. One genero of book that I enjoy reading is the Biographies because it is a book about famous people's lives. They can be modern or historical biographies biography and autobiography. A biography is a story about one person written by another person. An autobiography is a story about a person written by that same person. Moreover a lot of famous people have biographies written about them. I read biographies because I want to learn about famous people. The second genero of books that I enjoy reading is history. Through the reading of history I gain knowledge of our past. It can be an exciting and entertaining adventure because it is a way for understand and learn what world events happened during whole centuries. For example history of famous people like historic celebrity other celebrities actors or famous places where any moment had importance because this place occurred any events. Also this kind of books I can learn about the social history military history economic history in different countries. The last genero of books that I enjoy reading is novels. These books are more relaxing because I can read different kind of novels. For example I can read fiction novels where I find an imaginative work mystery novels where I can make focus on a crime and the climax usually occurs near the end romance novels this category has preference for woman because it has elements of fantasy love and adventure. To summarize reading is a pass the time enjoyed by many people that enjoy reading different kind of books. The first step to become interested in reading is to choose a book that means something to you and choose a time when it is convenient for reading such as history biographies and novels. In general reading help me to improve my knowledge enrich my vocabulary and orthography.
