Places to visit in my country Venezuela My country Venezuela is located in South America and is recognized to be a beautiful country. Venezuela has different environments beaches mountains and big cities. My country has many wonderful places to visit. The most important places to visit in Venezuela are the capital city Caracas El Salto Angel and the Morrocoy National Park. The first important place that you should visit is Caracas is the capital and largest city of Venezuela. In this city we can find different and important places to visit for example Teresa Carreno Cultural Complex National Pantheon Cerro el Avila and the most important universities in Venezuela. Also Caracas has the biggest and most important international airport in Venezuela. This city in Venezuela has several important places for that is why it is important to visit Caracas. The second important place to visit in Venezuela is one of the wonders of world El Salto Angel. This place is the world is highest waterfall and is located in the Canaima National Park. El Salto Angel is the top tourist attraction in Venezuela and is located in a jungle area of Venezuela. In the Canaima National park you can go camping is the real attraction. El Salto Angel is popular around the world because it is a very beautiful place. Finally another wonderful place to visit in Venezuela is the Morrocoy National Park. This place is located in the northwest of Venezuela and in this park we can find beautiful beaches. The most popular in the Morrocoy national park are the keys or small islands. These beaches are wonderful to relax enjoy and share with your family and friends. The beaches are characterized by their white sand blue waters soft waves and beautiful people. This place is another reason to visit my country Venezuela. In conclusion in Venezuela we can find several places to visit. These places are recognized because they are beautiful and very interesting places for tourists such as Caracas the big city El Salto Angel and the Morrocoy Park wonderful beaches. All of these places make Venezuela an interesting country to visit.
