Beijing Beijing was a city I visited in last year. Beijing is very Beautiful and culture center city in my country. Beijing this city has famous in this world. Many people want to visit it in this world. In the last year I was very happy to visit this city. Beijing is very beautiful city. The government was attaches importance to environment. So the Beijing was very beautiful city in my country in the Beijing you can see trees and Green in the street. The people sited down in the trees. They played game and relax. In sun day the people were sited in the green. They were enjoyed the sunlight. In the Beijing has many beautiful and interesting building. Like the building of television station bird's nest Tiananmen and some old Building. Those are very beautiful. Beijing is that not only is beautiful city and Beijing is a famous city in this world. Many people are know this city. In the 2008 the 29 Olympic was opened in the Beijing China. This time on the world's people know Beijing is a Captor in China. In the Beijing you can see many people from others different countries. The people are from United States England Spain Russia and France. I had come to United States in the United States around me my friend. They are want to go to Beijing. They want to enjoy Chinese culture. So Beijing is a famous city and a international city. Beijing is not only beautiful and famous city in China. Beijing had has a culture center in China. Beijing is very old city in China. It has more than thousand years. So Beijing has much old culture. In China had 56 nations. The each nation has culture for themselves. So in china has 56 different cultures. The 56 cultures you can see in the Beijing. End Beijing has many different museums. Those museums are about air land water and hoister about China and science and technology. Those museums are very good. I visited those museums. I had learned much knowledge in the museums. Beijing is a city I visited. Beijing is a beautiful city in China. I like it.
