It is clearly not necessary to go to foreign countries to study a foreign language at a young age like elementary or middle school ages. Do you think that going abroad to study a foreign language is really necessary for students who are young like elementary or middle school ages eight to fifteen years old Speaking English fluently is one of the advantages when people try to get jobs or go to good high schools or universities in Korea. And studying in other countries such as the USA Canada Australia or China is a trend in the educational world in Korea nowadays. Parents whose children are going abroad think that they will learn a foreign language and have a great living in the future. However it is clearly not necessary to go foreign countries to study a foreign language. In fact there are some good reasons for not doing so including family and social factors. Going to a foreign country to study a foreign language breaks a relationship between family members. There is a proverb about relationships out of sight out of mind . I know a family which has a broken family relationship. The father has lived alone in Seoul and his wife and children have lived in Canada for their children's education. They lived separately for some years and finally the couple divorced. I remember that he said to me several times I was like a money machine to my family. They called me whenever they needed money. I was so lonely. After that he met the other woman and fell in love. And there was an extreme case of a broken family relationship in Korea. Han Sang Park who killed his parents and was a hot issue in 1994 did not know much about love between family members. He was also a student who studied for several years in the USA. After studying he returned to his family but he did not adjust to family life and social culture and had some complaints against his parents. While he was in this condition he very cruelly killed his parents at his house. SuHyang ANON_NAME_0 2007 And do you know the Korean movie Fly Penguins directed by Leem Sun Rye a Korean director. There are four penguins in this movie one of them is a father who live alone whose wife and children live in the other country to study a foreign language. This movie clearly shows us a social reality in our educational problem. Special event team 2009 A family should live together especially when children are young. They need not only physical security but also mental care. I think that a family has to live together and share their feelings about difficulties happiness and sorrow. If they are faced with major troubles they have to overcome these problems together. And if there are pleasant or sad events they share that joy and grief together. In my case I have lived with my husband and a son because of my husband's research in the USA for two years but I still miss my parents and siblings a lot. When I was faced with language and culture problems I was so depressed. I thought of my mother a lot. Even though I have lived with my own family and am an adult I have been often afraid of isolation and a strange environment. How much more fear and anxiety would children feel There is another case. I have a neighbor who is a Korean woman and lives with her two children who had a bicycle accident two years ago. She told me if she had lived away from her children she would have felt guilty about hurting her children at that moment. And there is another case. I have a seventeen year old nephew who has studied alone in Philadelphia. He said to my family I want to go back Korea because I miss my family a lot and want to share my feelings every moment. I think he has felt loneliness about separating from family and fear about a strange culture and living in a foreign land in spite of high school student. It is a heavy economic loss for family and nation when a child goes to go to a foreign country to learn a foreign language. There are necessary things to live such as a house material goods and public utilities. People who live separately need to pay those necessities of life twice. According to the Nanum news 2009 the cost of boarding school is average 20 000 50 000 every year. Over 2 billion Won Korean money has been sent to the USA for costs related with study there. The New York Times said that there were 'wild geese fathers' who go out foreign countries to see their wives and children one or two times a year 'eagle fathers' who do so often a year and 'penguin fathers' who give up seeing their families because of a lack of money in Korea when they announced a hot trend of early studying abroad. JongRyul Park 2009 There are social problems such as unproven native teachers and educational institutes. Before students go abroad to study a foreign language they want to prepare well. And they find native teachers but it is easy to get swindled. I saw a news article about a man who was a native English speaker and had lived for 10 years as an illegal resident in Korea since 1999. He had taught English in a church program but he had graduated only middle school in the USA. SunSeok Leem 2009 There was also a news article about the problem of foreign academies in the USA. Mr. Jo a Korean an owner of a boarding house and lives in New York was arrested by American police because of a violation. He had two houses and managed twenty two students who are Korean students there. While doing so he hit some students for not following his words. As a result 22 Korean students came back to Korea. AhYeon ANON_NAME_1 2009 Moreover going to a foreign country to study a foreign language aggravates a crisis of social status gap between the wealthy and the poor. People can also see the rich get richer and the poor get poorer in an educational field. The proportion of studying aboard is different the wealthy and the poor. My friend who lives in Gangnam which is famous for its wealth said to me there were generally one third 1 3 students going out to the country to learn English for a vacation period in her school. On the other hand I was a teacher whose school was located in Gangbuk which is famous for its lack of wealth. In my school case there were not many students studying aboard for a vacation period. People who insist on going to other countries to learn English say that it is a preparatory process for the future. Yes preparing the future is a good plan. However people can lose a lot of crucial things while they prepare for not guaranteed future. Do you think the future is more important than the present It is good to prepare for the future but people can lose the most crucial thing such as precious family relationships and spirits and can be faced with economic crisis and social problems such as fraud or social status gap. People have to think about what it the most important thing is for their children who are very young. References ANON_NAME_1 AhYeon The Shadow of early abroading study KBS News 30 Aug. 2009 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK Kim SunHee The necessary things before preparing a study in the USA Nanum 27 Nov. 2009 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_NAME_0 SuHyang HanSang Park killed his parents Ilyo News 15 Mar. 2007 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK ANON_URLSPAGE_Leem SunSeok Foreign English instructors teach students when they are hallucinating Kyungin 25 Nov. 2009 27 Nov 2009 translation by HSK ANON_URLSPAGE_Park JongRyul The hot trend of study in the USA Nowhere 22 Nov. 2009 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK ANON_URLSPAGE_Special event team Cinema Odyssey Fly Penguins Sportschosun 26 Oct. 2009 27 Nov. 2009 Translation by HSK ANON URLPAGE
