Young people who live at home There are many young people who live with or without their family. It happen in all of the world because there are many reason that happen in their family. So begining 30 years ago most of young people lived without their family but young people who live with their family have several advantages. Three of the advantages are it's cheaper to live with their family they can learn from their family and they can have a good relationship with their family. The first advantage for young people who live with their family is that it's cheaper to live with their family. For example young people don't pay money to rent because they live with their family such as they don't pay money to eat or to clean their clothes. Therefore they will be relax because they don't pay any money to live. As a result they can save their money when they live with their family. The second advantage for young people who live with their family is that they can learn from their family. So they can learn a lot of cultures and others from their parents. For instance they can learn how they study very well and how they can choose or select their friends. Also they can learn from their grandparents sisters and brothers. For example they can learn from their grandparents a lot of stories that happen in history. Therefore young people who live with their family can get a lot of learning by short time. The third advantage for young people who live with their family is that they have a good relationship with their family because they stay a lot of time with their family so they should have a good relationship with their family. For instance when they eat with their family every time that makes good relationship between them such as when they sleep near with their parents they should have good relationship. Therefore living with their family that should increase relationship between them. So that young people who live with their family should get good relationship because they take a lot of time with their family. To sum up there are many young people who live without their family although others young people who live with their family should get several different benefit. So that they can have more ability easier to live. As a result living with their family makes them interesting.
