SCHOOL UNIFORM IMPLEMENTATION In some countries or cities schools require uniforms for students. There are several ideas about implementing this regulation. Some people like this idea and support but some people believe that is not necessary. In my opinion every kind of school worldwide up to college should impose this regulation. Kids and teenagers are in an age group that can easily learn bad new things and make mistakes. Wearing what they want at school and spending more time for this rather than studying can cause big problems for many students. Authorities should tell to students the benefits of school uniforms. And children should be conscious of why and how is it so important in their life. Therefore this regulation should be one of the main requirements for primary middle and high schools in every country. First of all a school uniform requirement prevents the discrepancy between students. You may wonder how but the answer is easy to find. The laws represent that everyone has the same rights for a human being however there is no equivalence about economic life. Some families earn much more money than others. Therefore this difference directly reflects the members of a family. Think about a kid who is growing up in a wealthy family. Usually these parents raise their kids with the best opportunities like buying many expensive clothes toys etc. When they start having an education in schools this is definitely going to continue. Ambition about wearing diverse and trendy clothes all the time costs parents more than they can imagine. This diversity shows the students the economical difference between parents clearly . And the inevitable result of the social problems as a result of economic difference happen. The uniform regulation decreases violence and theft even life threatening situations among students over designer clothing or expensive sneakers especially in some countries. Second a school uniform is also helpful for school administrators. It saves them from having to police what the students wear. There are no daily battles regarding what's appropriate or not for school. This means saving time for school directors and students. Because having freedom about clothes push some students to create their own style which is not appropriate in school. To be warned in front of friends or on the quiet can hurt their feelings or cause to revolt to the system. Another benefit of uniform is making easier for the school authorities to recognize students belonging to their school because every school's uniform design work is different from another. Thirdly a school uniform saves s huge time for students. Who wants to wear the same clothes because of the economical problems especially if you see the same friends who are wearing varied clothes five times a week. Everybody likes having trendy and attractive clothes. The first way of this having much money another one spending much time. But uniforms save students putting their fashion tastes before their learning requirements. When they don't have to spend time wondering what to wear and how to make a fashion statement they can devote more time to getting an education. Wearing the uniforms on weekdays they need go shopping only in weekends. School should be the place only for education not for fashion shows. Fourthly a school uniform instills a sense of discipline and community feeling. This naturally reduces incidents of violence. Students can come to school without worrying about personal safety. Teachers don't have to double as guards and can concentrate on teaching. Students who have school uniforms have a feeling that they are different and are recherched from other people. And this idea pushes them to study more and achieve tough things than others can do. It teaches the meaning of discipline before they start to work join the army or get married. Because wearing the same combination everyday means being patience and patience built a good character. Socialization is the keystone of a society. At the same time the school uniforms are the keystone of the socialization in schools. Because they prevents cliques in school and teaches the community feeling and equality. Also it helps prevent gang members from wearing gang colors and insignia at school. Sometimes we read and watch on the news the consequences of this behavior pattern. Some people believe freedom of self expression is stifled and curbed by school uniforms. They believe that a uniform breeds uniformity and prevents free thinking children to become the thinkers of tomorrow. In my opinion children don't need to express their individual creativity with their clothes five times a week at school. They will be more successful during their life when they use their creativity and free thinking on their academic performance. Having their own style everyday is not as important as having a community feeling and socialization. Improper make up and jewelry can be the next individual way of self expression. The people who support this idea face to face the problems that are caused by the desire of self expression. In addition to the students can wear whatever they want on weekends and holidays. They can practice the sober ideas which they learned in the school on their clothes. In conclusion there are countless benefits of school uniforms. Schools uniforms are highly cost effective and relieve the parents from the burden of buying fashionable and expensive clothes every now and then. Students concentrate more on their studies rather than on stuffing their wardrobe. A fixed dress code helps the students perform academically better. And it also reduces the amount of class time teachers spend determining if a student's outfit is acceptable. Apart from removing distractions uniforms compel students to take the school environment more seriously. Children tend to be misjudged and ridiculed by others due to the kind of clothes they wear. Thus uniforms reduce social conflict and violence in the schools. In addition this regulation reduces the social problems the students might have. In my opinion every kind of school worldwide until university time should impose this regulation. The disadvantages which people are talking about aren't as important as having a correct education. Author Panse S. 5 18 2007 Benefits of School Uniforms Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Author Adomaitis M. 14 March 2007 Benefits of School Uniforms Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_The U. S. Department of Education in consultation with local communities and the U. S. Department of Justice. Feb. 29 1996 School Uniforms Where They Are and Why They Work Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
