Taro vs. White Rice in the Samoan Islands The Samoan Islands are a group of seven beautiful islands near the equator in the South Pacific. The traditional cuisine of the islands includes breadfruit yams bananas pork coconut cream and the most important food item taro. Taro can be considered a vital staple of the Samoan daily diet. According to the Tearfund International Learning Zone website a staple food is the main food eaten and the main source of energy in the diet . Taro is believed to have originated in Indonesia but as long ago as 5000 B. C. Taro was being grown in India Western Africa and traded throughout the world. Although the exact date is unknown some historians think taro arrived in the South Pacific around 3 A. D. Since that time taro became a staple food in the Samoan Islands mainly due to its nutty taste and how easy it is to grow and cook. Samoans bake or boil the root section of the plant called the corm and also eat the young leaves. Although rice may have been imported throughout the 20th century the amount increased after the severe tropical storms of the 1960s. Currently in the Samoan Islands rice is eaten by a majority of the population because it cooks faster than taro and it is seen as a food of the wealthy and successful. This is a troubling trend because taro is a more nutritious staple food than imported un enriched white rice and eating taro in the Samoan Islands is better for the Samoan economy and culture. In its natural state taro is a more nutritious food than un enriched white rice. First of all taro contains higher amounts of beneficial vitamins than white rice. For example 100 grams of taro contains 8 of the daily value of the Vitamin C recommended for a 2 000 calorie diet. White rice doesn't contain Vitamin C. According to the book Prescription for Nutritional Healing Vitamin C is an antioxidant that is required for at least 300 metabolic functions in the body including tissue growth and repair adrenal gland function and healthy gums. The book also mentions that when Vitamin C is taken with Vitamin E and beta carotene the vitamins work together to increase the beneficial effects. Fortunately taro also contains 15 of the recommended daily dose of Vitamin E. White rice does not contain any Vitamin E. In addition taro has higher levels of Vitamin A Vitamin K Thiamin Vitamin B6 Folate and Choline. Secondly taro has higher amounts of beneficial minerals than white rice. In particular 100g of taro contains nine times the amount of calcium in 100g of white rice. Calcium benefits the body in many ways such as building strong bones and teeth and maintaining a healthy heart. Taro also contains seven times the amount of iron in white rice. Iron is important for the formation of blood cells and the health of the immune system. Overall taro is a more nutritious food than un enriched white rice because it contains more beneficial vitamins and minerals contains more fiber and omega 3 fatty acids and is also considered easier to digest. The switch from taro to rice as the staple food of Samoans is also harmful to the Samoan economy and traditional culture. In 2004 it's estimated that Samoa imported approximately 285 million worth of goods while only exporting approximately 94 million. Numerous natural disasters have not only damaged the agriculture products Samoa used to export but Samoa has gained about 200 million worth of debt. A large portion of the imports that enter Samoa every year are foodstuffs including rice canned meats sugar and flour. If Samoans returned to eating more taro than white rice this would reduce the amount of money spent on importing it. Also if more taro is being eaten by Samoans this will inspire more growing of taro which not only helps the export industry but the agriculture departments the agriculture schools and the average Samoan worker. Part of the reason Samoa has gotten such a large amount of debt to foreign countries are the health clinics and hospitals those countries support in Samoa. According to a 2007 WHO report on obesity 80. 4 Of the Samoan population is obese and they attribute that trend to the increase in the eating of imported food. These obese citizens usually need kidney dialysis heart medications and other expensive treatments. If Samoans returned to eating traditional foods such as the nutrient rich taro their chances of avoiding obesity and the related health problems would increase. In addition to the health benefits of returning to taro and traditional foods this change would benefit the future generations of Samoans by helping them connect to their culture and history. White rice is not a traditional food of the Samoan Islands or the majority of other South Pacific Islands. Billions of people in the world rely on rice everyday so there must be attributes of rice that make it more beneficial than taro. Rice does contain fewer calories than taro higher levels of omega 6 fatty acids and a slightly lower amount of sugar. It is also easier to store than taro and a bit faster to cook. Rice is also less vulnerable to diseases and insects while taro can be destroyed by leaf blight and insects. However taro still contains more beneficial nutrients than white rice and can be easily grown in a variety of climates and soils. Also while taro may be vulnerable to certain diseases and insects rice production levels are easily affected by droughts excessive floods and other natural disasters. Taro is easy to plant easy to replant grows quickly and because of its stable corm grips soil more effectively in bad weather. As I have proven above taro is a healthier staple food than white rice. Especially in terms of higher levels of vitamins and minerals taro is a better source of these essential nutrients than un enriched white rice. Secondly importing white rice is damaging to the Samoan economy and traditional culture. The people of Samoa should return to eating taro and stop importing white rice for the benefits to their health and their country. References Balch ANON_NAME_0 A. 2006 Prescription for Nutritional Healing. New York The Penguin Group. Pg 17 22 24 31 35. ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON URLPAGE
