Why Should We Support Birth Control Policy As a Chinese I have never prided myself on my country numbered one in its population in the world. I clearly remember when I was a kid my neighborhood belong to a suburb where there were lots of big ponds and many pieces of farmland even if in the daytime a few people walked in the streets. At that time my neighborhood was a quiet place with fresh air clear pond water and green plants. After thirties years my neighborhood has become a part of bustling city where the ponds and the farmlands were disappear completely and row upon row of buildings have been springing up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain emerging meanwhile the population of my neighborhood has surged in avalanche quantities. Correspondingly my country has also confronted the huge population issues which are difficulties in employment ruining farmland and natural environment industrial pollution and household garbage problems. Increase in population made birth control necessary. If Chinese government didn't implement birth control policy a considerable amount of farmland lake and forest would be eaten up owing to the enlargement of cities and the growth of suburbs and the situation will be worse than right now. It is obvious the living area will correspond to the increasing population. When a place or a city doesn't accommodate the increase population the city will be extended enough or a new community will be established to appease the necessities of people's habitation. In order to meet the increase of need of people's habitation huge amounts of farmland and forest have been destroyed. The past decades China lost a great deal of farmland and forest due to the numbered one population. Human should think about the serious situation how the increased population can acquire food supplies from the decreased farmland and survive from ruined natural environment. So we should support birth control policy. People need a suitable job to sustain their life. But the increased population is in contradiction with the decreased job opportunity. Because in our modern society production automation has been instead of physical labor and people more and more feel difficult to find a job. However increased population requires an accord of increased job chance. For tackling the problem of employment of the labor force governments have to create job opportunities. For example China looks like a big building site and a big factory where various new building are constructing and diverse processing industries are surging. Companying with the job opportunities are environment problems such as industrial pollution. Moreover over population can cause intense job competition which will bring great stress to people's survival. Over population also require people to prematurely retire so that young generation can get those empty job positions. When I arrived in the U. S I was surprised that so many American elder people can keep working because in China women have to retire when they are fifty and men have to retire when they are sixty. So to support birth control policy will have positive effects on every generation's employment. The implementation of birth control policy can reduce family's burden including two factors which are economy and education. For example it is easy to see the family which has four children will bear more cost embracing living cost and tuition than the cost that the other family having one or two children will bear. If the two families in parallel income conditions the four children family might have greater economic pressures than the economic pressures that the other has. On the other hand parents should take responsibility for their next generation's education. They should play and tour with their children as well as teach children how to contact with others and how to do housework by themselves and so on. If having more children parents will be tired while spending more time and much energy to deal with their children because every person has limited energy. Some opponents argue that birth control will infringe on human rights because forced sterilization forced abortion and possibly infanticide have an underlying reason being the implementation of birth control policy. First the opponents should clarify that the purpose of birth control is to control over population and make a balance between human and ecological environment. It's well known that each animal has its ecological niche describing a fact how an organism or population responds to the distribution of resources and competitors and how it in turn alters those same factors. If the ecosystem is changed the ecological niche will be pulled down and some species might be extinct. Human also lives in his ecological niche where many natural resources are non renewable resource. Over population can eat up farmland providing sustainable food for human and run out non renewable resources rapidly. Human's action also can produce pollution and household garbage to ecological environment. Right now food shortage energy shortage freshwater shortage and various pollutions which are threatening human's survival all attribute to over population. So the essence of birth control policy intends safeguarding human right. Second the opponents can't equate controlling birth and being the evil of forced sterilization forced abortion and possibly infanticide. Nowadays medical high tech can manipulate birth control in a reasonable humanized and healthy way. Certainly to educate the couples of child bearing age for the knowledge about controlling birth is also very important. Nobody wishes human will be extinct someday in the future. Every parent hopes their next generations have a better living condition than themselves. Birth control is a measure that limits an over increase of population and helps human sustain the earth ecosystem. The positive effects of birth control are obvious to see that it can prevent people occupying farmland and deforesting mitigate contradiction between natural resources shortage and human's needs alleviate pollution and household garbage and lighten the burden on parents. We should suppose birth control policy. Supposing birth control is a responsibility not only on one nation but also on nations in the world. Bibliography 1. ANON_NAME_0 lihui My cosy nest 28 Jan. 2008 . ANON_URLSPAGE_2. ANON_NAME_1 Huiting Family Planning Law and China's Birth Control Situation 18 Oct. 2002 . ANON_URLSPAGE_3. Wikpedia n. D. . ANON URLPAGE
