Smoking Must Be Banned Why are people still smoking regardless the medical professional warnings What is the major factor that makes people not stopping lightening up cigarettes There are other questions which we all know the answers but we ignore the consequences. Do not be astonished when you see a doctor smokes instead ask yourself why he is smoking while he knows the bad effects of smoking. Smoking cigarette contains an addictive substance called nicotine. In addition cigarette contains 559 additives which are approved by the U. S government such as acetanisole acetic acid ammonia benaldehyde Martin n. D . After burning these substances more than 4000 chemical substances are produced most of them toxic or carcinogenic. Nowadays more than 1. 1 Billion smokers in the world according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC which forces us to take a serious action to stop an approaching disaster. Are those facts and what has revealed in research studies enough to stand seriously against cigarettes manufacture Why have not governments criminalized smoking Smoking cigarette should be prohibited due to significant two reasons that force us to reformulate our laws smoking bad effects on smokers' and nonsmoker's health and economy. Undoubtedly smoking has effects on health which is the most important thing you should take care of. Governments have established research centers and supported researchers to overcome the human's health threats. Besides punishments are applied if human's health is affected. Smoking affects every organ in the body. Recent research studies have shown health problems related to smoking and the most deadly consequence is cancer the second leading cause of death. Smoking causes cancers of the lung bladder kidney pancreas stomach and oral cavity. Also it causes heart diseases for instance coronary heart disease the leading cause of death in the United States. It also causes tooth and gum disease delays wound healing undermines taste and smell. Giving a hospital or cancers centers a visit would help you to get a close view of smoking victims and how they are suffering. What we have read and listened is not a fiction story or Hollywood movie it is an alarm bell. What is more smoking harms nonsmokers through what called a passive or secondhand smoke. Nonsmokers are subjected to coronary artery disease lung cancer and allergic reactions. Also infants and children who are exposed to passive smoke have a high risk of sudden infant death syndrome SIDS and poor lung function. All those facts have been revealed in research and people who concern of the nation's health have tried to educate consumers and warn cigarette manufacturers but they have failed to make a dent. You would never want to be or your relative one of the smoking victims while you are quiet. Are you free of responsibility Everyone who lives in the earth is responsible and should speak up for people's health. The second reason is the effect of smoking on the economy. People who work in tobacco growing farms spend a lot of money for cultivation and watering. Moreover they waste much time in their farms. What about consumers How much they spent a year It is a huge number you couldn't imagine. It was estimated that 82 billion was spent on cigarettes in 2006. Furthermore governments have spent billions to treat smoking consequences. For example the United States spent 193 billion in health bills to treat smoking related diseases during 2002 2004 CDC n. D . On the other hand smoking supporters say it helps them to concentrate and relax. Another view is many people rely on tobacco growing farms to support their families and if smoking is banned they will lose their incomes. Also many employees are working in cigarette companies consequently they will lose their jobs if it is banned. Other supporters say governments benefit from allowing smoking by increasing taxes on cigarette manufacturers. Therefore it supports their economy as well as people. Indeed all those reasons are not logic when we look at the issue from another angle because governments can compensate those with more profitable and healthy projects. By creating alternatives we will not lose more money on treating smoking related disease. Also governments will enhance their economies and the population's health. In conclusion smoking should be banned everywhere and stopped producing cigarettes to make our environment healthy and suitable for coming generations. Also applying strict rules on cigarette manufacturers can limit spreading of cigarettes and even better to stopping them. But that is not easy due to many obstacles that face whoever tries to do something good for his community. Only by working together and enhancing awareness of people can we achieve our goals. We should not escape from our ethics and let greed control our lives. Refrences 1 ANON URLPAGE. 2 Martin T. N. D. . What is In a cigarette . Retrieved from ANON URLSITE
