Same Sex Marriage Should Be Illegal American society as well as other societies is used to defining marriage as a union between a man and a woman. Today same sex marriages have become a phenomenon in the United States. Homosexuals are claiming their rights in all states and they want their union to be recognized by law. Consequently same sex marriage has become one of the most heated arguments in the United States. The debate stems from many different points of view including the legal point of view the religious economic and social points of view. This paper will look at some of the history of same sex marriages in the United States examine different points of view and finally discuss some of the possible negative effects of same sex marriage. Same sex marriages have a fairly recent history in the US. Joseph Farah writes in Same Sex Marriage through History Farah 2008 that Massachusetts was the first state to legalize same sex marriages in 2004. California Iowa and Connecticut followed in 2008. California quickly reversed itself later in the same year with a public vote that defined marriage as a union between one man and one woman. While repelling the same sex marriage law the state allowed marriages already performed to remain legal. Although same sex marriages are fairly new to the United States there are many examples of same sex unions throughout history. Same sex unions were recognized in medieval Japan and China certain Native American tribes as well as some African tribes and Hellenic Greece. Today many states recognize same sex marriages performed in other states and other countries and allow full status to the couple even if the do not allow same sex couples to get married. Other states do not recognize or allow same sex marriages but do have laws protecting domestic partners . Domestic partners are same gender couples that live together but cannot legally marry. The first point of view I will look at in the debate is the legal point of view. Marriage is defined and regulated by law in all states and in most cases it is defined as a civil union between a man and a woman. Allowing same sex marriages requires a change in the law that usually requires a public vote. Some states have even made it part of their state constitution that a marriage can only be between a man and a woman making it even more difficult to change the law because a change in the states constitution usually requires two thirds majority instead of a simple majority. Legalizing same sex marriage also has a major impact on the legal rights of the couple. Opponents of same sex marriage claim that most states already have laws protecting domestic partners. This gives them the rights to make decisions upon the death or incapacitation of one of the partners. It also covers issues such as joint assets as well as government benefits. According to Ralph Wedgwood in Society Should Allow Same Sex Marriage Wedgewood 1999 Couples get married because they not only want to make a legally binding commitment to each other but also want to get the rest of society to understand that they have a serious commitment to an intimate relationship which involves long term domestic and economic partnership. He writes that marriage is more than rights and benefits. So it is plain to see that the different points of view have a long way to go to meet somewhere near the middle. The point of view about same sex marriages produces the most heated debate is the religious point of view. Although the United States practices separation between church and state it cannot be overlooked that many of the states laws are based upon religious or moral beliefs. Many religions especially Christianity Islam and Judaism consider marriage a holy bond between a man and a woman. They consider homosexuality as an abomination and a sin. Many people consider marriage more of a religious commitment than a civil one which is obvious when you look at the importance of a church wedding versus a civil procedure. Many of the religious debates surrounding the issue of same sex marriages are between the more liberal religions who preach tolerance and the free will of man and the conservative religions that believe that god intended for man and woman to be married and procreate male female . Few debates fuel as much fury as religious debates. The economic point of view of same sex marriages examines the economic impact of legalizing these unions. Legalizing same sex marriages gives both partners equal rights to health insurance life benefits and quality of life issues. Opponents feel that same sex marriages will create an increased burden on employers and government agencies that have to provide health insurance disability insurance and unemployment. The social point of view has also lead to heated discussions within the United States. Burman Skrable writes in his article Skrable 1999 p. 169 Titled Society Should Not Allow Same Sex Marriage in Homosexuality Opposing Viewpoints . . The primary goal of marriage is the bearing and raising of children who are vital to the suture stability of society . He goes on to say the same sex marriages will further weaken marriage and family by legitimizing a dangerous kind of non procreative lifestyle. People who do not accept homosexuality as normal automatically have problems accepting a same sex marriage. In many cases the same gender couple desires to have a family and raise children. Medical technology makes it possible now for a woman to have a baby without intercourse so it is possible for lesbian couples to conceive and give birth. Adoption is also a viable option and the only one available to male couples . There is a lively debate among professionals in the psychological and sociological arenas about the development of children in same gender families. According to Dobson Dobson 2005 many people believe that a child from a same gender union cannot develop normally and that they are missing out on the nurturing that is vital to a normal childhood or the male role model that will give them a firm foundation for emotional growth. The future impact could be enormous even greater than the impact of single parent families. Many fear that it will lead to the end of marriage as we know it or even lead the way to polygamy. In spite of all of the different points of view on same sex marriages it remains that there are negative effects of same sex marriages that must be considered. First and foremost to be considered is the negative impact of same sex marriages on the children. Homosexual couples have the same desires to raise children as traditional couples. Allowing homosexual couples to adopt children or have children through medical intervention will put children at risks according to ANON_NAME_0 H Knight and Daniel S Garcia Knight Garcia 1999 in Homosexual Parenting is Harmful To Children. They argue that being raised in a single gender household causes confusion about sexual identity increases the risk of the children becoming homosexual and increases promiscuity in children who desire to prove that they are not like their parents. All of these issues will have a greater impact on families of the future as these children reach adulthood and begin to establish relationships of their own. Either they will gravitate toward same sex relationships as their parents or their promiscuity will lead to multiple marriages which will affect the economy through high divorce rates and increases in government benefits because of abandonment social security requests and other programs. Knight Garcia 1999 According to Knight and Garcia The mom and dad family has long been recognized as the bedrock of civil society around the world . To change that now will have a definite impact on the future. The negative impact of same sex marriage on the social fabric of our society should also be examined. Based on the second argument presented in the article Gay Marriage Why Would it Affect Me found on ANON_URLSITE_which is a synopsis of the new book by Dr. James Dobson Dobson 2005 titled Marriage Under Fire same sex marriages will likely lead to polygamy and other alternatives to one man one woman unions. The concern is that by redefining marriage as something other than a union between a man and a woman the door is open to any judge to decide what a marriage is. In the extreme this means that if a man should decide to marry his dog so that he can claim it as a dependent for tax credit will be allowed to do so if he can convince a judge. While this is extreme it does raise the question as to where it will all end. Same sex marriages can also have a negative impact on our medical system. Sexual relationships that result from same sex marriages can result in extreme risk of sexually transmitted diseases physical injuries mental disorders and even shortened life span. According to Dr. John R. Diggs Jr . Diggs Jr 2008 the consequences of same sex marriages and particularly their sexual relationships has significantly altered the delivery of healthcare to the population at large. With the increased incidence of STD's doctors must now ask probing questions of their patients in order to avoid making a misdiagnosis. Multiple studies have identified higher rates of psychiatric illness including depression drug abuse and suicide attempts among gays and lesbians. Some gay lesbian rights organizations used these findings to conclude that mental and psychiatric illnesses are induced by other people's unwillingness to accept same sex phenomenon and behavior as normal. They point to what is called homophobia effectively defined as a hatred and fear of homosexuals which leads to discrimination and sometimes violence against gay and lesbians in the work place schools etc. However an extensive study in the Netherlands Sullivan 1999 undermines this assumption. The Dutch have been considerably more accepting of same sex relations and Dutch people have the legal right to marry in the Netherlands. This led to the conclusion that psychiatric disease cannot so easily be attributed to social rejection and homophobia. The greater incidence of physical and mental health problems among gay and lesbians has serious consequences on a length of life also. For example suicide is a major cause of death related to male same sex relationships. It has been proven that the suicide rate in San Francisco which has a higher percentage of gays and lesbians than most other cities was 3. 4 Times higher than the general US population. To summarize there have been many cases of same sex marriages documented throughout the course of history. Proponents of same sex marriages use this as one of their arguments for allowing their marriages while ignoring the extraordinary circumstances that may have lead to the earlier situations in history. The United States has only begun dealing with the issue of same sex marriages within the past few years. People on both sides of the issue state their arguments based upon different points of view. They argue the issue from the legal standpoint. Primarily at issue here is the basic definition of marriage and the rights and responsibilities that go along with marriage. From the religious point of view there are the conservative religions which believe that homosexuality is an abomination and therefore same sex marriages should never be allowed. Then there are the liberal religions that believe in the free will of man and strive to not offend anyone based upon their orientation. When it comes to the economic point of view people are looking at the economic impact of same sex marriages. Will same sex marriages lead to more divorces more children more demands on the welfare health and social security system Then there is the social point of view. Both sides agree that children are one of our most important assets and extremely important for the future. Proponents argue that same sex marriages will not have a negative impact upon children or upon the future of family within the United States while opponents feel that the children will be permanently scarred and that marriage as we know it will be forever changed with drastic results. After looking at the opposing viewpoints on the issue it is the conclusion of this writer that the negative impact of same sex marriages is too great and they should not be allowed. Same sex marriage should be illegal. It would affect the mental well being of everyone involved including the homosexual couple and especially any children that might come to the family . The long term effects on health and healthcare cannot be ignored. Higher rates of depression can be expected and unless there is a drastic reduction in promiscuity STD's will rise and create new problems and burdens upon society. That will in turn create greater economic hardships on a system that is already struggling. Most states have made great strides in protecting the rights of couples through domestic partner laws. They should just leave it at that. References Charron J. Skylstad W. Ed. . 1999 . The Roman catholic church cannot sanction gay marriage. San Diego CA Greenhaven Press Diggs J. R. 2002 October . The health risks of gay sex. Retrieved October 27 2009 from ANON URLPAGE J. 2005 . Gay marriage why would it affect me . Retrieved October 26 2009 from ANON_URLSITE_Farah J. 2008 June 11 . Same sex marriage through history. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE R. H. Garcia D. S. Ed. . 1999 Homosexual parenting is harmful to children. San Diego CA Greenhaven Press. 1999 Sanders G. Ed. . 1999 . Homosexual parenting is not harmful to children. San Diego CA Greenhaven Press. Skrable B. Ed. . 1999 Society should not allow same sex marriage. San Diego CA Greenhaven Press. Sullivan. A. Ed. . 1999 The Roman catholic church should sanction gay marriage. San Diego Greenhaven Press. Wedgewood R. Ed. . 1999 Society should allow same sex marriage. San Diego CA Greenhaven Press
