Every city in the world has crimes which are hard to solve especially crowded cities such as Paris Istanbul New York. . . Istanbul has approximately 15 million population which is one of the biggest populations in the world and has as many crimes as its population. One crime the statistics indicate is stealing by snatching items such as wallet bag etc. That is the most common serious crime for Istanbul. When you walk on a street somebody who is a robber can steal something from you it doesn t matter if the street is crowded. The authorities of Istanbul have been still seeking to have a safer city but more is needed. I will recommend three solutions that can work. First of all we should start from streets especially those on which crimes commonly occur so cameras can be put up on the streets secondly to host in a house where they feel safe and educate the children who are parentless and the third and suggestion unemployment is needed to pull down by the government investments. First of all cameras should be put up on the streets on which crimes commonly occur. The police authorities had placed many cameras to watch but it was not enough for eliminating the stealing by snatching. There were just a few streets that were covered with cameras. But the crimes happen on more than a few streets so the covering must be extended in a larger area. Because these robbers had recognized the cameras when a few members of their gangs were arrested by the police after that they started to appear other streets which had no cameras. So putting up cameras is working but many areas of Istanbul must be protected by cameras. Of course it seems this step that will be successful but time will show us what will happen. Secondly hosting and educating the children who are parentless is another possible solution. The guilty people of stealing usually don't have any college degree. They generally don't have any family. They were born on the streets so they had been parentless children. Consequently these parentless children were forced to be a robber by the gangs and join their crimes. They have grown up like the other criminals. A cause of these crimes is indifference toward these kind of children in the past. That is the time to be interested. We need to support them to be healthy and successful individuals. First of all these children who are arrested by police should be hosted in a sweet warm and safe house to make them feel that they have a family. This can be a family who wants to adopt a child or a dorm which is built for children. These parentless children need the same family feelings too as us to be healthy individuals. After that we can talk the second part which is significant. We should assist them to continue their school. They need to get their education like the other equal children. For the children who are placed in dorms there should be a person for each child to take care of their school and life. That person can be a volunteer who is interested in kids. That person can be closer and he can assist them for their each problem. Finding volunteers is the hard aspect of that plan. There are two ways to find employees and volunteers. First somebody who has qualities for this position can be attend by the government. Secondly volunteers can be found by preparing conferences to inform the people about crime and its solutions. If these steps can be made real the crimes statistics can decrease. The third solution by the decreasing the employment then crime can be pulled down to a lower level. These people don t have any job without stealing by snatching. Most of these people don't want to be called robber . Also without these people there are a few people who do not want to do any other jobs. Changing them would be really hard but not impossible. It needs little struggle and patience. They can be educated in jails and there can find a way in a legal way. In the jail they can be placed in a department to gain an occupation for being useful individuals. That is the best way to be gained them to the society . The other aspect of people who don't want to be called robber is the easier than the first because the main problem is just unemployment. For those people finding a job which is useful for their ability is the solution. But they need controlling at the same time. The important point in that case is to be controled them by relation between individuals who were robbers in past and controller who is placed just for that person. In any emergency situation they should be behind them. That was last point to win the people who are robber to society. Stealing by snatching is a serious problem for Istanbul. I presented three solutions which are to put up cameras in the streets on which crimes commonly occur to host and educate the children who are parentless and to reduce unemployment. In conclusion these three solutions suggestions are the crucial things to do. But I can not guess any idea that these solutions will delete all crimes but the time will show us the consequences which will be successful.
