Is animal testing still an essential process Do scientists put down the use of animal testing For research animals have been provided valuable information about many physiological processes that are relevant to human beings. They are valuable for research because they have many similarities to humans. Moreover animals have been fundamental in the development of many drugs including vaccines. Some people however might say that today with the advance in technology it is not longer necessary to do experiments using animals and we should find another way for the experiments. Furthermore they agree that animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research. People who are for animal rights say that animal cannot protect themselves from being harm by humans Unknown Animal Testing Arguments for . Despite these arguments I agree with animal testing for these reasons. The first reason is the fact that animals can make excellent research subjects. Animals and people have many of the same illnesses. More than that they also have similarities in the natural process of living. The powerful effects of medical drugs and treatments have saved thousands of people from painful diseases and death. This would not be possible without animal testing. Despite these overwhelming benefits however some people might came up with a question that both are the same so why don't we do experiment on humans instead of harming animals. People are calling for animal testing to be banned because of alleged cruelty. It is true but the difference is that studies that are conducted with humans always require the result of preliminary tests in animal to protects humans from any bad effects from the testing. This is to make sure that it will give the best result for humans. As most of the experiments that take place are for medical purposes. We can say that we have benefits from the animal testing. In addition scientists can readily control the environment around the animals such as diet temperature or lighting. Conversely controlling the environment would be difficult with humans. Furthermore animal experimentation has a productive history in biological research especially in biomedicine. To express more idea for the benefit that we will have from animal testing here are some examples of how animal testing is good for humans. For example the organ transplant pioneer Thomas E. Starzl conducted his early surgical transplantation experiments on dogs in the 1960s before successfully attempting them on humans. Psychiatrist John Cade made the discovery that lithium aids manicdepressive patients by experimenting with guinea pigs in the 1940s Botting . Today many animals are used for a variety of purposes in experimental science. While some studies use primates or other animals over 90 percent of studies involve mice and rats for experiments from immunological projects to cancer research. Animal research is enormously important to the advancement of biochemical science. Another reason is one of the most concerned for groups of people who are against the animal testing animals' welfare and rights. Even though the scientists use animals testing they are also concerned about the animals' welfare. As spoken by NHMRC CEO Professor Warwick Anderson When it is necessary to study animals in medical research all involved have an obligation to care for the animals in the best ways possible McLean 2008 . Some people may not know that most animals used in a research are specifically bred involving cats mice frogs and pigs etc. . Scientists are careful to minimize stress on the animals since this would damage their research as well. There is an act that was designed to protect animals that might be test subjects by requiring proper care of them as well as list of guidelines that researchers must comply with. For example it stipulated that the animals must receive adequate veterinary care. In 1970 there was an act which expanded from protecting dog cats primates guinea pigs rabbits and hamsters or we can say that it is to all warm blooded animals. Significantly the act exempts mice rats and birds from the protection. Next we will consider how animal testing can improve humans' lives. Previously there were many people who died because of testing new drugs or treatments. Since scientists had started animal testing the number of people who test drugs has been decreased because scientists did research with animals before. To illustrate HIV AIDS currently affects nearly 1 million Americans Unknown Genetic Engineering . There are treatments but still no cure for this disease that disables the immune system. Scientists' understanding of the retrovirus that causes HIV AIDS comes in part from studies of similar viruses in chickens cats and monkeys. Promising drugs and possible vaccines are tested first on mice and monkeys before being used in clinical trials with human volunteers. In additions animals are used in research to develop drugs and medical procedures to treat diseases. Scientists may discover such drugs and procedures using alternative research methods. If the new therapy seems promising it is tested on animals to see whether it seems to be safe and effective. If the results of the animal studies are good human volunteers will be asked to take part in a clinical trial. The animal studies are finished first to give medical researchers a better idea of what benefits and complications they are likely to see in humans. Some people might say that animals have been harmed without any choice to escape from being tested by scientists and it is very cruel to harm them with no good reasons. Furthermore they might also believe that it causes animal extinction because some types of animals have been decreased or even faced extinction because of a hunt or disaster including deforestation. Fore rare species they could become extinct due to their undeveloped behaviors. So they think scientists should stop animal testing. A fundamental objection to this argument is not only do we use animal testing to improve humans life but we can also help improve the animals lives too. Moreover we do not have to worry about the animals extinction because the research will help result in the increase of animals. Due to the impacts of research animals could be enhanced to survive in the new environments. With genetic engineering rare species are able to reproduce the next generation which solve the extinction problems. In conclusion even though our world has changed and improved with higher technology and lifestyle medical and health concerns are very crucial. So animal testing is still the main part for the scientists. As the use of animals for scientific research has great advantages for humans animals and research. Nowadays one aspect of the quality of human life has been satisfactorily shifted because of using animals for research. If animals were not the used in scientific research humans and animals might not have a better lifestyle as today. I believe that sometimes if we want to gain something we might have to lose something. To save a million we could sacrifice a thousand.
