Raising the driving age Today a car is one of the most popular transportation modes in the world. A motorcycle is a sporty and cool vehicle which many people hanker to drive. They are very convenient in daily life as transportation. Furthermore especially such cool designed and high performance cars and motorcycles are not only symbol of wealthy people but also longing for young generation. The driving age depends on a traffic law of each country. For example the driving age of a car in Japan is eighteen years old and that of a motorcycle is sixteen. That of the United States varies from state to state but it is also around sixteen. Thus it is common that teenagers can get driver's license in Japan and the United States. However I do not agree with the current driving age of both countries. I am for raising the driving age. I think it should be higher than at least twenty years old as well as drinking age in Japan. From my perspective teenagers are not ready to drive such vehicles in two points the points are aptitude for driving and financial responsibility. First I think young people including teenagers tend not to have enough aptitude for driving a car or a motorcycle mentally. For example it is often said in Japan that the number of traffic accidents by people whose age are from sixteen to twenty four is about three times greater than that of people from twenty five to twenty nine years drivers including accidents of cars and bikes. Those traffic accidents by young people were mostly happen in the midnight just straight or easy curve and by themselves. Bility in driving in front of their friends. Those reasons could cause serious traffic accidents. That idea is reflected in the cost of the premium of car insurance. If we include young drivers in household car insurance the premium must be higher. The most effective way of prevent the numbers of traffic accidents by young people is not to make them drive a car or a motorcycle. Next it is not rational to allow teenagers to drive a car because they cannot afford to own a vehicle financially. Keeping a vehicle costs much money including buying a car and paying for car insurance and inspection. Of course young people usually have to depend on parents to own or drive a vehicle. Therefore they do not feel much responsibility for driving a car which always includes inherent dangerousness. I saw some cases related to car accidents of young people in TV programs in the United States. A typical example is that a young person who drives a car of his or her friend gets involved an accident. Such an accident results in ugly fighting on trial which decides who is responsible for the cost of the damaged car. In the situation the parents have to take responsibility for the all of damage. At the moment of the trial parents would regret they allow their child to get a driver's license and drive a car. However in my opinion this is not just an issue of a family unit. I think the whole society is responsible for this issue. Teaching and waiting until they are enough mature to get driver's license is more crucial than teaching young people a convenient way early. According to introduction of Pennsylvania Driver's Manual 2006 p. I. Driving is a privilege and not a right. This privilege comes with many responsibilities. D f troubles the driving a car could cause. Furthermore we should provide an aptitude test for driving a vehicle physically and mentally and special training for proper driving a vehicle to avoid an accident and to acquire good driving manners. It is better to spend money for improvement of other transportation modes as whole society than having many people involved in traffic accidents. As a conclusion I am against the current driving age because of the two reasons as I wrote above thinking aptitude and financial aspects. I believe the raising the driving age would reduce the number of traffic accidents and terrible conflicts to shift the blame of accidents between people who are involved in the accidents. Raising the driving age and providing proper driving training and education for teenagers would lead safe life of using vehicles in society therefore we should not think driving is aptitude for everyone. There is a famous proverb Security is the greatest enemy. Furthermore we should know how much responsibility we owe by driving a vehicle. If we think these things the driving age should be at least higher than twenty years old. Reference Pennsylvania Driver's Manual Department of Transportation Driver and Vehicle Services 2006 p. I.
