Health care in the USA a government responsibility Government funded health care is one of the most spoken of topic in the United States. This subject has been debated for a long time. And the debate heated up lately with Presidents Obama's new health care initiatives. To my surprise I discovered that this initiative generated a lot of opposition. In Israel where I come from health care is provided by the government and after living in the United States for a year and a half and paying for my health care I don't understand how the citizen of USA agree to not get government funded health care and even more than that many people talk against this. I believe that healthcare should be provided by the government and it is one of the most important right that a citizen in a country should have. The United States is the only industrialized nation that does not guarantee access to health care as a right of citizenship. 28 Industrialized nations have single payer universal health care systems while 1 Germany has a multipayer universal health care system ANON_URLSITE_. In this essay I will give arguments to why government founded health care in the USA is so important. Health care has become so expansive and is increasingly unaffordable for businesses and individuals. Health care costs are getting out of control in this country. On average a US citizens now spends more on health care than both food and housing. Businesses and individuals that choose to get health plans must pay a much higher amount than in the past. If they spend more on health insurance they will have less money to spend on raises new hires investment and so on. Individuals who must pay more for insurance premiums have less money to spend on rent food and consumer goods. In other words if you spend so much money on health insurance you will spend less in other areas and this can affect the economy. Most Americans 59. 3 Receive their health insurance coverage through an employer which includes both private as well as civilian public sector employees under group coverage although it isdeclining. Costs for employer paid health insurance are rising fast since 2001 premiums for family coverage have increased 78 while wages have risen 19 and inflation has risen 17 ANON_URLSPAGE_The number of uninsured citizens has grown to over 20 million ANON_URLSITE_. Since health care premiums continue to grow many businesses are simply choosing to not offer a health plan or if they do to pass on more of the cost to employees. Employees that have to pay more are often choosing to go without health coverage. When there are so many people without health insurance that almost never go to a doctors to treat their medical problems it is very dangerous not only to themselves but also to us because if they have contagious disease and they do not know it this could affect lots of people. According to the Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences Lack of health insurance causes roughly 18 000 unnecessary deaths every year in the United States. While a 2009 Harvard study published in the American Journal of Public Health found a much higher figure of more than 44 800 excess deaths annually in the United States due to Americans lacking health insurance. Overall the total number of people in the United States whether insured or uninsured who die because of lack of medical care was estimated in 1997 to be almost100 000 per year ANON_URLSPAGE_. In Israel citizens has their medical records on a computer system and every doctor can see all the medical information about his patient from years back. This makes the doctor's job more easy and help him give you a better treatment because he has all your information in front of him. It could happen in the US as well if the government will provide the health insurance than you can develop a centralized national database which makes diagnosis and treatment easier for doctors. In the US most doctor's offices maintain a separate record keeping system and because of that patients always have to fill out so many ANON_NAME_0 of health history whenever you go to a new physician. This is a problem for several reasons. First of all it's wasteful of both time and money. Second of all patients may lie forget or do a poor job of explaining past medical problems. Doctors need accurate information to make a proper diagnosis. A centralized national system would allow US to do data analysis leading to medical advances and increased diagnosis efficiency. In spite of the important arguments I have listed above there are a lot of people in the US that disagree with me. They argue that free health care isn't really free and we will pay for it with higher taxes or the money will be taken from other important subjects like education or defense. Also the people that are against say that just because Americans are uninsured doesn't mean they can't receive health care nonprofits and government run hospitals provide services to those who don't have insurance and it is illegal to refuse emergency medical service because of a lack of insurance ANON_URLSITE_. People are also afraid that their medical information will be less confident because a centralized computer health information system will be maintained by the government and they could access to information that should be private. Still I don't think their arguments are strong enough. Yes in Israel the taxes are higher but the benefits you receive back are much more important and worth while. Health care in my opinion is one of the most important rights that a citizen in a country should have. For me it is very sadto hear that people can't afford medical care children are sick while their parents can't afford buying medicine for them or about elderly people that are still working at the age of 70 just so they could have health insurance. . The government should do something about it. If Israel a small and not so rich country with a hugh defense budget can provide its citizens free health care I am sure that the US can afford to do it too.
