Have you ever thought about the death penalty Death penalty is the hot issue theses days. Today I heard the new that one policeman was killed in Pittsburgh. Do you think the man who killed the policeman should be killed because he perpetrated a crime Some people agree with death penalty because there are a lot of brutal crimes nowadays like serial killer and psychopath who are an unstable person. They think the best penalty for murder is death and this penalty could prevent another deter crime. However I strongly believe death penalty should be abolished because of those reasons same cases are wrongly accused life is precious and human has a potential to be changed. The first reason I don't disagree with death penalty is that there are some possibility to accuse wrong person as a murder. Someone was accused as a murder so that person received death penalty. However after few years later it is turned out that person is not a murder then how we should return the person's life who was regarded as a murder again Also if the death penalty sustained some people would abuse the death penalty for their desire. I have an example. Joan of arc was a national heroine of France in the Hundred Year's war occurred between France and England. However politicians didn't like a heroine at that time because they were biased that men was always stronger than women and their virtue was women had to do chores at home and men had to work outside. Also the politicians was jealous her because the king liked her very much. Therefore politicians accused Joan of arc as a witch and she was killed. After she had been killed it was turned out Joan of arc was innocent. As a result the death penalty should be abolished because this might killed innocent people. The other reason why I believe the death penalty should be eliminated is that life is precious and valuable. If the person were killed once he or she would not come back again. Each person has only one opportunity of life so if the person were died there would be nothing to compensate that person's life. Also I believe we are the same human the same species so nobody has a privilege to deprive the life of other person. My point of view is that every people have the same value of life and life is only once. So even if someone commits a murder we can't take the criminals life. The last reason why the death penalty should be abolished is human has a potential of change. The only reason of that human being is better than animals is human has an ability of thinking rationally. That means human can think which is right or wrong and they could change their thinking. Even if they are murder they are also human and they can think which is correct. So they could be changed to be a nice person. For example few years ago there was a notorious serial killer in Korea. He murdered almost 18 woman and elderly. When he was arrested he didn't be sorry what he had done. However I heard the news now he deeply regrets his fault and he is really sorry to victims and their families. If he had been killed as soon as being arrested he would not have had time to regret his faults. Consequently death penalty should be abolished because human can change by itself. Also we have to give chance to them to regret their fault and live in a right way. Some countries have the death penalty but it haven't used for a long time. Why are they reluctant to punish criminals as a death although they have death penalty The most important reason not using death penalty frequently is that they are worried about accusing wrong person. If the death penalty have not used for a while why would it be existed It would be better to be abolished. Also life are given to us only one time so it have to be respected. No one can kill other person even if they commit a crime. Human can be changed criminals also can change themselves. If we kill them who commit a crime it will be another murder. That why I disagree with death penalty and I insist it should be abolished.
