My pressure when study abroad To achieve a goal is not easy. Many times I have to face with a problem that I cannot find the way out. From my experience about study abroad my goal is to get a master degree in a reputation university. I have had a lot of pressures for it such as requirement for applying graduate programs readiness in language and over cost from my old plan. Those pressures affect on me a lot for instance disappointment in missing some expectations strain and losing concentration. I have to adjust three things expectations creating a time frame and social life to reduce those effects. First solutions I have to adapt my expectations. Sometimes my expectation is too high. When I cannot get that I am disappointed. Then I feel tried of to do anything. Therefore I should adjust or reduce my expectation a little bit to a possible level that I can do. For example my first target TOEFL IBT score is 100 scores. To reach that expectation I study hard and pressure myself all the time until I'm tired and cannot do anything well. Would it be better if I cut off that score to 90 Second solutions I need to create a time frame. That makes you know when I have to finish this and what I should to do next. If I follow the schedule I will reduce the pressure and can do my best in everything. For example I plan to take TOEFL next semester. Therefore I create a schedule for practicing English everyday to prepare for the test. The more I practice TOEFL exercises The more I get confident for taking the test. Last solutions I should change my social life to get rest. Do not be too serious to achieve my goal until ignore other good things in my life such as having a good friend or having good experiences of traveling. Hence I have to have parties with my classmate or get some travels in order to recharge my energy for getting back to study. In conclusion People always have their problems as long as they stay alive in the world. However the most important things are the way they look at those problems and how they deal with those obstacles in order to achieve your goal. In addition don't lose your goal. If you lose your goal you will lack of inspiration and your life will be boring. You need to mention all the time that goal can change but do not avoid or ignore it otherwise you will be loser.
