Should Kids have a cell phone When I was in Japan I saw many kids used cell phone at public places. At that time I started to think that if I were a mother I wouldn't give cell phone to my child because it is not necessary. Whether kids have a cell phone or not is controversial issue. However most kids have it. Still now I do not support the idea that kids should have it even though our society has been changed. There are two reasons why I do not agree with kids having a cell phone such as taking away time for study and involvement illegal site trouble. The first reason that I disagree with having cell phone is that a drop in scholastic ability. When I was in Japan I was kind of addicted of cell phone because it contains several elements such as listening to music text message and games. Even though I am adult I could not control by myself using it. Many kids are obsessed as same as me by it. Therefore many parents concerned that using cell phone takes away from children's studying time and declining their scholastic ability. The second reason is an involvement of illegal site. Nowadays people are easily access to illegal site by using cell phone. Currently junior high school girls access to dating site and they find someone who wants to dame them. Then they meet him without their parent's permission. Eventually they are in troubles. How can parents control them Should they impose to them It is hard to solve the problem. Even if parents force to them not to use these site they might not stop seeing it. On the other hand some of people agree that having a cell phone. The reason is preventing to be involved criminals. In my country Japan many parents gives a phone to their children because of this reason. Currently there are a lot of crimes of which many young people became victims. Each year the proportion of this rate are increasing. Today's cell phone has a GPS system so parents can know that where their children are. In addition many electro companies invented new product for children which contain one touch dial to police and their house. If kids feel danger or some emergency problems they can call these places easily. In conclusion I think kids should not have cell phone because there are several risks such as a drop in scholastic ability and involvement of illegal site. Usually they can not discriminate between right and wrong. It is too late when kids are involved some problems. However I think that how old can have cell phone is ambiguous.
