Smoking Is Dangerous To Our Health The issue of tobacco and tobacco related products including the cigarette has become a debatable subject. In the same time some people consider smoking is a legal habit others see it as an illegal practice toward which the government should impose strict laws against both the sellers and the smokers. Indeed smoking is bad to our health . Many diseases are attributed to the nicotine content of the cigarette. Smoking can cause lung cancer heart attacks emphysema gum pathology gastric ulcer disturbance of red blood cells and immune suppression. Firstly recent studies showed that there is a strong association between lung cancer and smoking. The US National Cancer Institute 2008 has estimated that more than 90 of lung cancer patients are smokers. Although the effect of smoking is not immediate on our body searchers have proved that it can transform the normal lung cells in to malignant cell after approximately ten years from the smoking onset. Lung tumors are not an easy thing to have they are really fatal and disabling. In addition lung cancer may spread to different organs in the body. For examples malignant cells from the lung can metastasize to the liver brain kidney and the heart resulting in disturbance of the metabolic functions of those organs. Most countries are spending money for cancer patients and Libya is no exception. In Libya the government spends millions of dollars every year to treat lung cancer patients. The government is really paying for some thing preventable that would not have happened if people have avoided the risk. Smoking not only cause lung cancer but also it is a well known risk factor for developing heart attack the leading cause of death in the USA. Smoking can increase the blood viscosity and causes blood clotting. In addition it causes vascular narrowing of the heart blood vessels. Furthermore it can generate atheromatus plaque inside the lumen of the coronary vessels supplying the heart. All these effects of smoking on the heart may lead to arrhythmia and heart attacks. In addition to circulatory problems smoking is a well known risk factor for developing peptic ulcer diseases including both gastric and duodenal ulcer. Smoking cause gut ulceration because it decreases the protective layer lining the digestive system. This lack of protective layer makes our stomach and duodenum vulnerable to the direct burning effect of hydrochloric acid secreted by the stomach resulting in what is called ulcer. The effect of smoking on the stomach does not stop at ulcer formation. However by the time chronic gastric ulcers are at high risk to become gastric tumor which is another fatal complication of cigarette smoking. Even our red blood cells which function to carry oxygen to different parts of the body get affected by smoking. This disturbance of oxygen carrying capacity of the blood is because the cigarette smoke contains carbon monoxide which competes with oxygen for the red blood cells binding and consequently prevents the binding of the oxygen to the red cell. Since the red cells carry no oxygen all body tissues will suffer from tissue hypoxia which causes irreversible tissue damage especially at the level of brain cells. Furthermore the immune system is very sensitive to nicotinic content of cigarette smoking. Nicotine interfere with the physiological function of both T and B lymphocytes resulting in reduction of cellular and humeral immunity respectively. When the immunity decreases there will be a reduction in body's ability to resist infection. This will increase the susceptibility of human body to opportunistic infections such as bacteria fungi viruses and parasites. Oral and gum problems are another spectrum of smoking hazards. Almost a third of the more than two million cases of gum disease among Australians are caused by smoking according to research by University of Adelaide researchers in the Australian Research Centre for Population Oral Health 2008 . Gingival inflammation may result some times in gum retraction. This retracted gum exposes the root of the teeth making the nerves of the teeth exposed to the food and liquids we administer orally. This will eventually result in a severe intolerable pain after eating. In addition gum inflammation may result in delicate gingival tissue that bleeds easily especially after teeth brushing. Furthermore smoking is carcinogenic to both tongue and lips on long run. Lastly respiratory problems are another consequences of cigarette smoking. Smoking is by far the most dangerous reason that people develop emphysema e Medicine 2007 The lung loses its elasticity if the smokers persist inhaling the burned content of nicotine. In addition smoking causes direct damage to cilia found in the air passages which help us eliminate foreign substances that entering our breathing system for instance dust germs and others. In conclusion having said all these complications and since smoking does not only affect the active smoker's health but also can make passive smokers people who smell other's smoke involuntary at risk of developing inevitable chronic fatal and disabling diseases the government should maximize its efforts and reinforce its laws to pursuit the tobacco sellers and prevent them sell such a dangerous substance. In addition smokers should realize the hazardous effects of smoking and quit smoking forever. Refrences 2008 . Smoking causes gum disease. Retrieved July 22 2009 from science alert Web site ANON_URLSPAGE_2009 . Causes of emphysema. Retrieved July 22 2009 from eMedicine Health Web site ANON_URLSPAGE_2009 . Quitting smoking. Retrieved July 22 2009 from U. S. National Institute of Cancer Web site ANON URLPAGE
