The Death Penalty Nowadays an issue that has created a tension in our societies is whether the death penalty serves as a justified and valid form of punishment. This kind of issue is controversial and whenever the word death penalty comes out people divide to tow groups of argument. Some say it is deterrent an effective way to decline crime and justice while others see that kind of punishment is considered to be the hardest sort of violence. In addition they attribute it to be a main reason in vagrancy. Crime is an obvious part in our societies and everyone is aware that it has to be done something about it. Therefore it is argued that the death penalty has positive and negative impacts on any society. Accordingly it has been shown today that capital punishment is an efficient means of deterring crime. First of all it is believed by some that the death penalty is a potent way to deter crimes. For example in Saudi Arabia the percentage of crimes is low because the death penalty will be the punishment that implements against murder people drug dealers and majority of violent actions. Consequently when looking to this example there is no doubt that the death penalty is an effective retribution to reduce the crimes and to make people aware about punishment that can be applied. Moreover a person who tries to commit any kind of crime will think twice about the punishment. Furthermore if people know that they will be penalized by death they will be less likely to do crimes and kill. According to MLA 16 July 2009 The death penalty guarantees that the killer would not be able to kill again. Hence it is concluded that the death penalty is the punishment that murder and drug dealers deserve against taking another person's life. Furthermore some people believed that the capital punishment such as the death penalty is a main reason in fulfillment justice. In addition it is satisfied for all society groups. For instance in some countries in which they try to implement the death penalties their societies live in peaceable and safe environment. Thus when looking at this example that unless there is a punishment such as the death that is imposed by governments poor families of victim who do not have sufficient money to retain lawyers will lose their legitimate rights in revenge from the person who murders their loved. Accordingly committing the crimes will increase and become more prevalent in a society that try to abolish the death penalty because other kinds of punishment such as spending many years in a jail would be nothing beside the death. According to Abju. R 2005 Many criminals don't fear the judicial system. They know that they will get out in ten years if they murder someone. They are not afraid of jail or their punishment. How we can force them to stop killing or stealing if they are not afraid of the punishment we gave them. Therefore the death punishment plays an important role in circulating the justice and the equity. However it is believed by others that there are alternative punishments except the death which can be implemented against criminals whereas it ensures that they will not murder again at all. People who do not support the death by execution think that this kind of punishment is not fair in case a person kills someone else for justified reasons such as discrimination or racism. According to Emotibob May 18 2005 Racism is often the driving force behind crime. An overwhelming majority of death row defendants since 1977 were executed for killing whites despite the fact that whites and blacks are victims of murder in approximately equal numbers. In Texas for example blacks found guilty of killing whites were found to be six times more likely to receive the death penalty that whites convicted of killing whites. . Hence people who demand to abolish the death penalty and implement other retributions such as prison for many years. However when implementing this kind of retribution against people who murder another innocent people the prison will not be the effective deterrent to those murders even with justified reasons because a person who takes away someone else life he deserves the death as a punishment. In conclusion the death penalty is a controversial issue today. Some people go with implementation this kind of punishment while others have different perspectives about the death by execution. In my opinion and after careful consideration I feel that the death penalty is a potent way to deter criminals and reduce crimes as well. In addition the equity will be the merit of this society without bias against particular group. Bibliography List 1 MLA Capital Punishment Essay The Death Penalty. Http ANON_URLSPAGE_16 July 2009. 2 Abju. R Death Penalty and Sentencing Information in the United States. ANON_URLSPAGE_1991. 3 Emotibob Anti Death Penalty Essay. ANON_URLSPAGE_May 18 2005.
