Children shouldn't have the cell phone According to the advance of technology cell phone becomes the certain communication tool to keep your social network. However almost people thought that cell phone has some side effort for this society. Indeed cell phone makes our life more convenient and it's a revolution for our living style but anything has two sides which are depending on how to use the tool. From my perspective children's mind is not adequate to manage their time if they have the cell phone it could be a disaster which leads children's mind. From my perspective the most important reason that children don't need the cell phone is that they don't manage their time well. Adult people know the cell phone which is a tool which helps them to classify their living. However it's not necessary for the children to have this. Because that they don't have the complex living that why they need to have the cell phone. Besides the children don't know how to use this tool correctly. Sometimes they will misuse and make their life to be chaos. Many parent against this concept for the children's saving. They want to hold their position and make them find their child easily. But I think if you want to keep the good relationship with your children the best solution that you should spend more time to get along with them. The cell phone can't replace the warm from parents. According this concept before the children can control their behavior I don't think that they need the cell phone. On the other hand even through the children don't have the cell phone I believe they can live very well. Meanwhile you should teach your children to against the pressure which is from peer. Technology is the sword which has two sides it can be the good tool or can be the trick. In my opinion cell phone is not good for our health according to a lot of medical journal cell phone affects human's body a lot. Based on this reason I don't think the children should need to have the cell phone. Because of the risk of their health when you use the cell phone younger the risk you shoulder is higher. Even if there is no definite evidence which proves that it will lead some diseases which endanger your life. Therefore the children don't need to have the cell phone. Maybe this concept is my bias however the disadvantages of this are less than the advantages which I know. Comparing with this situation I urge that the children don't need to have the cell phone before 18 years old. Some people figure the children need to study how to use it correctly not only inhibiting the children from using the cell phone. In my opinion I figure that it's like to have the driving license the government should restrict the rock bottom age which people apply to the cell phone to. Based on my concept people could suspect my thinking they figure that you should let the children adapt this world by themselves so we don't need to set any block. Although this principle is good the reasonable protection is necessary. First don't let the cell phone to be the remote controller which you use to control your children. That's why I don't think it's a good excuse for the parents who give the cell phone to their children. In addition the children should keep the simply life they have. If you give them the cell phone undoubtedly you give a key to communicate this world however if you can take care of him in this mess world I don't think that confronting this world alone is a good idea. Studying new knowledge is the responsibility the children have to direct the correct direction is the responsibility parent shoulder. In my opinion I can't find any reasons that the children need to have the cell phone. In my conclusion having the cell phone for the children isn't necessary even though they need to have the cell phone the parents have the responsibility to guide the children to use it. It's about their mind and body's health. So it's not my bias based on the objective reasons I don't think the children need to have the cell phone.
