My Mountain House My mountain house is a special place for me. It is special because I spent my childhood vocation there. As a result I have a lot of good and funny memories that place. It is a big house all surrounded by a big space with grass and giant trees. There were many types of fruit trees there as coconut mango banana guava jaca avocado and siriguela. All those trees turning a beautiful and colorful environment from my mountain house. The house there were three bedrooms one by my parents another for my brothers and me and the last for visitors. My parent's room had a giant bed by masonry that everybody always slept together. Next of the rooms there was a living room where there are sofas TVs video games and armchairs. In the center there was a beautiful kitchen with a big wood table where everybody used to do every meal. In the kitchen every time had the Lucinha doing delicious food she was our maid from mountain house. Lucinha live there with her husband and her children on a small house close our house. They took care of the mountain house and of the trees. Lucinha's husband is the person the most honesty that I met in my life his name is Evangelista. Everybody from my family loves them and their children. When my vacations arrived we used to go there to spend two weeks. Also when my parents were stressful they put everybody in the car and went there to spend the weekend. I loved it. In the mornings we went with Evangelista to eat fruits by trees. Afterward we went to take a shower in the waterfall. The waterfall was small but it was amazing. The water was colder and transparent. It was so incredible. At night we used to make a fire and everybody would tell scary stories and jokes but Evangelista always tell the best stories. Nowadays my family sold the mountain house because they needed of the money. However Evangelista's family is there until today with another family. Everybody from my family miss that place so much. I have great memories from my wonderful mountain house.
