People get a vacation at least once a year and they want to enjoy it. The vacation is a special sweet reward to refresh people from their study or work and it gives you an unforgettable memory and a valuable experience. Therefore people want their vacation to be well organized and planned. There are several steps to plan a vacation successfully. First make a list of places where you want to go by searching information. Usually you can get a lot of information through internet. There are web sites of travel agencies on line travel clubs and photos and information posted by real people who want to share their experience in their blogs. They will tell you about the price distance and attractions. Collect all of them and make a list for your choice. Second decide the place and period by comparing and analyzing the places that you wrote down on the list. You should evaluate which place is more appropriate for your vacation. The price climate or distance should be considered. For example if you want to go to yellow stone national park you should check it is available now or not because yellow stone is closed from November to April due to its coldness and snow. Then make up your mind where you will have a fantastic vacation. Third make a schedule by searching specific information. Creating an itinerary is one of the most crucial processes and exciting parts because you can make your own schedule. Usually itinerary can be diverse depends on your interests. For example Florida is a beloved place where people want to visit in their vacation. However there are several different points of attractions such as Disney world in Orlando Miami and Keywest. If you are interested in amusement parks you will stay in Orlando more than in Miami. On the other hand if you want to enjoy the beach you will prefer to stay in Miami or Keywest more. Therefore you should search about your destination thoroughly and select the specific places to go. Forth start making all necessary reservations. There are several web sites which compare prices so you can see the whole prices and decide hotels airplanes and rental cars within your budget. If you reserve them earlier they are usually cheap. Fifth fill up the suitcase. Pack as many as you will need for the vacation. If you take too many clothes you will be tired whenever you carry it due to its weight. On the other hand if you take only a few clothes you cannot handle the climate change which might happen. Also don't forget to take a first aid kit pajamas and hygiene items. However if you take an airplane for your trip you cannot bring liquid items more than 100 ml into the plane. Therefore you have to clarify how many items you will bring and how they will be carried. Finally ask your trustworthy neighbor or family member to collect your newspaper and mails for safety. If your newspaper and mails are piled much it indicates obviously that your house is an empty place which could be attacked by a thief. In addition if you have a pet such as a dog or a cat you should find someone who will take your pet because most of hotels and restaurants prohibit pets from entering in. In conclusion planning a vacation requires several steps such as searching about the places where you want go making an itinerary and reservations filling up the suitcase and asking somebody to care your home while you are traveling. The well organized and prepared plan for a vacation leads you to a successful vacation by reducing the trial and error and helping you to save your money.
