How to study a new language Many people love learning languages or would like to learn a language in terms of getting a new skill enroll to one of the best universities in the world or looking for a good opportunity to get a job. Learning a new language can be difficult because it is not a native language and people have to learn many skills in order to have better uses of the language. However many of them have their own different styles of learning another language in all over the world such as spending more time listening and reading every day focusing on words and phrases responsibility for learning and enjoying of studying. First of all spending more time the most important factor is how much time you are immersed in the language. The more time you spend with the language the faster you will learn. This means listening reading writing speaking and studying words and phrases. This does not mean sitting in class looking out the window nor listening to other students who do not speak well. This means spending time enjoyably connected to the language you are learning. The second step is listening and reading every day listens wherever you are on MP3 player or on radios. Read what you are listening to. Listen to and read things that you like things that you can mostly understand or even partly understand. If you keep listening and reading you will get used to the language. The third step is focusing on words and phrases building up a new vocabulary. Noticing words and how they come together as phrases. Learning words and phrases through listening and reading. Reading online using online dictionaries and making vocabulary lists for review. Pay a lot of attention for the grammar and the words spelling because it will help you a lot in understanding and practicing the language. The fourth step is taking the responsibility for learning if anyone does not want to learn the language he or she will not. Choosing content of interest that you want to listen to and read. Look for the words and phrases that you need to understand your listening and reading. Do not wait for someone else to show you the language nor to tell you what to do. Discover the language by yourself like a child growing up. A teacher can not teach you to become fluent but you can learn to become fluent if you want to. The fifth step is relaxing and enjoying yourself do not worry about what you cannot remember or cannot yet understand or cannot yet say. It does not matter. You are learning and improving. The language will gradually become clearer in your brain you just sit back and enjoy. Just make sure you spend enough time with the language. That is the greatest guarantee of success in learning a new language. In addition you have to love that language which you need to learn and practice it whenever practice that new language daily to avoid misuse of words and do not fear to speak broken words. In conclusion most of people in the world like to learn a different language than their mother language for several reasons such as learning something new enrolling in the best universities or to make sure that you will be able to have the best career. There are five crucial steps which are spending a lot of learning time listening and reading continuously paying attention on words and phrases taking responsibility and enjoying while studying. I think more people will get benefits if they apply these steps in order to learn a new language.
