Everyone grows up in different home environments and it is properly that everyone has different perspectives and opinions. Furthermore sometimes everyone has to play several of roles in daily life and of course has different standpoint when one play different role. For instance a female woman who grows up in a common family might be a mother of her children an employee of a company and her sister's best friend. Therefore when people have a variety of friends who have distinct backgrounds and standpoints their friends might have disputes about political issues racial discrimination or just having different opinions in a event that happened recently. It is important to settle a dispute without violence or force and it will be more peaceful to settle a dispute by talking discussing with rational mind and trusts between friends for this reason I usually tried to stop argument between two friends with three steps as below. First of all making my friends stop the discussion that they dispute. If your friends discussed a issue and then the situation of discussion was getting losing control you might have to stop the conversation they had for avoiding a worse result that it could be. For example if your friends was arguing with a issue to each other you might tell them that they should stop the conversation directly or explain that they should respect each other and tried to mitigate the dispute. Due to stop the argument your friends could be calm down first and at least the argument will not be endless and worse. Second trying to pause and transform their attentions into other object. After they stopped the conversation and didn't dispute more they might still care about the dispute that they just had. It is possible that they will discuss the same issue again and the dispute might happen again So you should try to transform their attentions into other object for a while. For instance when they stop talking or discussing you could suggest how about having a drink together and treat them to the drink. Usually your friends would realize that you wanted to stop the endless dispute for their own good and was willing to have a drink that is free! And then the dispute could pause for a while. Finally changing their conversation subject into another one. After a while your friends might not so angry anymore but they might be still likely to have a dispute about the same issue again so you should change the subject that they have a dispute before into a common one that they both love or might be interesting in. For example if both of your friends like football you could mention the last football game that took place recently and let them start a new conversation with the new subject. On the other hand the new subject of conversation could be a movie or a music song that is popular or interesting and you could share your opinions of a movie and ask them what their opinions are. It is said that people will be more reasonable after they calm down. Everyone has many friends and no one wants their friends fight each other. If you can settle the disputes between your friends with peace then that will be great your friends might regret the loss of their friendship if a dispute became a serious consequence. After all human beings are emotive affective animals and also have rational minds and people always want to treasure their friendship. I hope that people can be more sensible and wiser when they deal with a dispute with other person and of course help your friends with settling their dispute.
