Change a Busy Day to a Productive Day Do you have enough free time for yourself Our lives are filled up with works to do. Endless works make you be tired. Without a little free time to a rest life becomes dark and hard days. Then busy days remove your energy to imagine future. To keep your life happy and hopeful days try out some tips to make free time for yourself. You may be able to have more free time with some little change. First be careful to time wasting matter. Maybe every people have experiences of wasting time on watching TV or surfing the Net. TV programs try to catch you and they do not allow you to turn off. Writers on the Net make their best effort to keep you reading the contents. Although you start net surfing for just one page www link leads you to next page and then next page. As a result your precious time will go away without realizing. You will be able to have more free time if you save your time from these time consuming entertainment. To avoid time waste you have to be aware of consuming time on these dangerous entertainments. Throwing away TVs may be one of the solutions. For some people this may sounds too extreme. However if you do not have a TV you'll never consume your time for watching a soap opera. If you want to watch news show you can get all information on the Net these days. As another method to keep time determining time limit is a simple but effective way. If you feel difficult to stop watching TV on limited time declare to your family about your decision. It will become good pressure to keep time limit. Once you success to get your free time after your work you can enjoy anything you want to do. Second morning time is your own time. If you get up 30 minutes earlier you can use 30 minutes for yourself. No one can interrupt your time at 7 a. M. Imagine what you can do at morning 30 minutes. Eating better breakfast for example toast salad egg and some fruit will cheer you up and help you have a good day. Reviewing to do list and making schedule at morning will be useful to manage your task and spend your time efficiently. If you go to your office or school by walk instead of by car it is very effective exercise to keep your body health. Of course waking up at early time is not easy action for many people. However because of its difficulty you will be more conscious for the use of time. You can use morning time for more valuable purpose. For example in Japan some English conversation schools have morning class for working people. This implies that many people are using their morning time to improve their ability. In addition if you wake up early your body worm up well by the time you start your work. As a consequence you may be able to finish your work earlier and get more free time. A Japanese proverb says getting up early brings something good . Getting up early is not only makes free time but also helps you to have more positive life. Finally ask other people for help. Unless you reduce your work it is difficult to have lots of free time. If your workload goes over your processing ability asking other people to help is not a bad action. On the other hand you can help other people when you have a free time. Cooperation enables you to work more comfortably. If you are worrying about continuous household chores get your families help. If you don't forget the thanks for families help sharing housework makes familial ties more rigid. If you are a student it sounds little bit difficult to get help because students are supposed to do homework by themselves. However you can get a lot of help from your friends because their friends may already have had same kind of problems about daily life. They can't help you directory about your homework but they may know some convenient tools or good web sites to refer. They may know the way to cook quickly or nice restaurants you can buy your meal. Sometimes people hesitate to ask help because be sorry for them. However to have confident on people and share problem with them could make more intimate relationships with them. You can make a free time for yourself by a little change of your mind. Busy days are not fun but if there is nothing to do it is boring. To have lots of work is not a bad situation depends on your perspective. You can meet many people and have many experiences. Don't become pessimistic. Try some ways to make free time and have more full filled life.
