The Way not to be a New Language In modern society many people are studying a new language for more fertile life. Most people learn English because English is common language of the world in these days. But quite considerable people learn new language like Chinese Spanish Arabic etc. Not just English. The reasons of learning new language might be different by each person. For example someone can learn it for having a job or entering university another one could learn it for just self satisfaction. Even if the reasons are different It is similar that they have the way and experience for study new language Because there are good means for everyone to study new language efficiently. The most important thing of studying new language is making an environment to use new language. To make the environment for using new language there are three things to recommend have a much time with native speaker watch TV without any subtitle make a friend using internet. First having a much time with native speaker is most important thing to improve skill of new language. Nowadays many people go to the U. S for a purpose which is just studying English. There is the reason of doing like that even though they need much money. In their country not the U. S they can study English but English which is studied in not the U. S will be limited to improve much. If they go the U. S they have a time to speak with native speaker. Then their English will be improved and pronunciation will be more natural. But if they study English in their country they have problems about pronunciation and improvement which is very slow. Other languages are same. Even if you don't have much money to go other country find a native speaker using a language which you'd like to learn in your country. Second Watching TV without any subtitle is the efficient way to study a new language. We can watch movies and news of other countries on TV in the place which is not other country and find many movies news dramas and entertainments in the internet too. Watching these things is our privilege to study new language. We have to thank for living in these generation which we can encounter in. Therefore we can't throw away the opportunities watch these things without any subtitle. If you do that your listening skill of new language is improved. Though it takes a lot of time and you can't listen well you can be closed easily to new language you want to learn. Finally Making a friend in the internet is interesting how to study a new language. The internet is very useful thing to learn new language. You can meet friends in the internet it is not direct meet though. Pen pal is popular way to make friends. Before the internet isn't used generally we wrote a letter to send foreign friends. But now We use to contact pen pal friends by sending e mail. It is easy way to keep in touch. And chatting site is also used to meet foreign friends in the internet. We have to think quickly to make conversation. Even if you don't keep conversation fluent at first it is remarkably helpful to improve your new language. Make a friend by the internet even though some friends have little bit strange mind they can be your good friends to help you study a new language. Studying a new language is fun to people who begin. For not losing the fun you have to find how to study a new language intimately. Making an environment to use the language is best method of that. Meet Native speaker directly in a real life and indirectly in virtual life like internet and in the media. After an effort with doing those you will get a great environment to study a new language consequently the language won't be new no more for you.
