A Fantastic View of a Waterfall When you see this picture a big waterfall which occupies most of the picture will grab your attention. If you do not understand the size of it just take at look at a dozen of people beside the waterfall at off center upper right. When you the waterfall compare to those people's size you will find how huge the waterfall is. You may feel like you can hear the tremendous roar of it from the picture. In the upper side of this picture you can see the water of the river which is making the color a sudden change from turquoise blue to white. After the river is coming to run calmly it is changing its appearance just when it falls down from the edge of the cliff. This contrast between blue and white or quietness and violence is beautiful. The inconceivable amount of water endlessly falls down to the basin. This view makes me think about where the water was born and feel the wonder of nature. In the center of the picture there is a lot of mist as if it has another world in it or it is embracing and hiding something important like treasure. The mist which is produced by a falling great deal of water makes me feel as if a cloud has come down to the ground from the sky. At the off center lower left you will find a wooden stairway and a few people in blue slickers. Although this is one of the essences of humans people are eager to see the waterfall as close as they can. After people reach the observation deck they are overwhelmed by the great view and power of the waterfall. The waterfall looks like it is intimidating people approaching it by the power of a lot of water and the fierce noise. The waterfall looks as if it is saying it will mercilessly crush and wash you out if you try to feel it. The rushing flow and waterfall which has been created by nature has a strong power and appeal which attracts humans but do not allow them to touch it. It looks like a loner who refuses others. However intimidating and violent the waterfall may do people are drawn to the compelling fascination. Also the great power of the water makes people feel how tiny they are and how trivial worries or fears they have are. People might want to feel these feelings. That is why people try to approach close and stay for a while with this great and mystic waterfall. In the upper right corner of the picture you will find that there is another cloud of mist. Although it does not appear in this photo there is another greater waterfall behind the mist. Would you like to see that Then you should go and see it at first hand. This great waterfall is Niagara Fall.
