New Year's Day in Korea is something special. In Korea people celebrate the Lunar New Year's Day Seollal. It is the most important of the traditional Korean holidays. It is considered as a more important traditional holiday than the solar New Year's Day. Seollal falls in late January or early February. Seollal is a time for families to get together. And people eat rice cake soup Tteokguk when celebrating Seollal. Eating one bowl of Tteokguk in the morning of Seollal means that you get one year older. It is considered critical as well. I did not have a oppotunity to cook Tteokguk on Seollal. So I decided to cook Tteokguk. Before I cooked I tried to look for a recipe on the Internet. There were so many recipes about Tteokguk. It was difficult me to select a recipe which is the best one. I spent a couple of hours for choosing a recipe. Eventually I found a recipe that looks like delicious. It was a good opportunity to learn how. The type of rice cake used for Tteokguk is called Garaetteok which is unsweetened and looks like a white water hose. The sliced Garaetteok was used for Tteokguk. First in a large pot bring the meat onion scallions and garlic to boil in 10 cups of water. After turn on heat to medium low and simmer covered for at least an hour until the meat is tender enough for shredding. Next remove the meat and vegetables. After this bring rice cake slices in a pot and boil about 20 minutes. I added the following ingredients garlic pepper and salt to taste. Finally I added egg garnish called Jidan and the shredded beef on the soup. Tteokguk took an hour and a half to complete. I served Tteokguk in dishes for families. We made a feast of Tteokguk and enjoyed talking together. They gave a good account of my cooking skill. I thought that my cooking was pretty good. I was very happy because families enjoyed my cooking. I wish my family could be always happy and healthy. Seollal is a very important day in Korea. Korean people get together with their relatives to eat food enjoy Korean traditional games and bow to each other. Koreans think that Seollal is the most important of all the traditional Korean holidays and they feel happy when celebrating Seollal. Unfortunately I got one year older for Seollal again.
