In the two articles the same issue is English which is the strongest second language in the world present. There are three aspects to explain the role and effect of English such as the future of English the future of other widely used languages and the future of minority languages. First the future of English in Ronald J. L. Brenton's article Can English be dethroned he discusses the fact and effect of English widely using. It makes a monopoly of the world's resources ex. Economy polite or culture. For this issue he is worried about the existence of the other languages. In Randolph E. Schmid's article English seen as Co star among Global language language researcher David Graddol said English is likely to remain of the world's most important languages for the foreseeable future. According to the population of the world Chinese Indian or Spanish speaker's numbers are all over than English speakers. Graddol said The idea of English becoming the world language to the exclusion of others is past its sell by date. English should share some space for other languages. English as a native language is declining. Although English may not ever be the most widely spoken language in the world but English still grows as a second language. Science development makes English have the dominant position. Second the future of other widely used languages in Ronald J. L. Brenton's article he asserts that those languages deemed most useful eventually eliminate other languages future down the scale because linguistic domination and cultural imperialism. For the reason many countries set up the international organization of the native languages to promote and protect their languages and cultures. However in Randolph E. Schmid's article he has different opinions. He discusses a multilingual population already is the case in much of the world. Other widely used languages' speakers who want to learn English that don't mean abandoning the native language. Though English is strong as a second language but other widely use languages' speakers minutely try to share the world language position for example Internet. Graddol discusses sites in English dominated in the early years of the Internet. In recent years however there has been a proliferation of non English sites. Third the future of minority languages in the two articles there are the same opinionsof minority languages which will die out. Graddol estimated as many as 90 percent of the 6 000 or so languages spoken around the world may be doomed to extinction. English seen as Co star among Global languages is more persuasive to me. It made an impersonal comment on this event. I think English also is the most useful language in the world. People study their native language even they have to study English. Languages which can't abandon like the roots of countries however people will create more ways to use language. In fact English has a big challenge how to keep the dominance. Now many countries are growing fast every country all wants to control the world. It is like Present Obama said If America won't want to become the second science development is the most important. This demonstrates that language can change the world.
