The New Year is one of the most important holidays for the Japanese. The Japanese thank everyone for bringing a peaceful end to living the past year and pray for happiness and good health in the coming year during New Year's holidays. We have many attractive traditional events in the holidays. The New Year's holiday is from December 31 to January 3 including preparation main celebration and after celebration. We usually prepare three things such as dishes greeting card and decoration for the New Year. First New Year's dishes are all prepared before New Year's Day. Most Japanese people enjoy traditional New Years Osechi dishes at this time of year. Osechi includes a lot of food that can be kept for a long time. Advanced preparation allows housewives to take a rest from cooking. Next we write and send postcards as New Year's greetings in December to be delivered on January 1. This is similar to the Western practice of exchanging Christmas cards. Finally we decorate the entrance of our homes with Shimekazari during the New Year's season to ward off evil spirits. It is made of Shimenawa sacred Shinto rope of rice straw used to indicate the sacred areas where gods descend. Most Japanese rest during the first three days of the New Year and many companies and schools are closed for one week or more during this season. We spend the relaxing New Year's holidays with our family and friends. The most important event is that families go to famous shrines at the beginning of the New Year. Each shrine has its own festival once a year attended by the people in the area and served by numerous stalls selling a variety of things. The next priority event is that children receive monetary gifts from their parents and extended family. We call this custom Otosidama . In addition children play traditional toys such as a kite flying Japanese playing card. After New Year's holiday we eat Nanakusagayu that is rice porridge with seven herbs in January 7. It is believed people will be healthy all year round if they eat the porridge on this day. The porridge is also good for digestion after eating and drinking too much during New Year parties. Another thing when the New Year's period is over Shimekazari and other New Year's decorations are taken to shrines and burned. Japanese New Year's holiday is one of the greatest holidays along with its Obon holiday. Many people return home to spend the holiday together with family. As a result New Year's holiday creates a strong family bond. New Year has much to do with the traditional custom and transmit a tradition to posterity.
