Aid Al fetter All the cultures have one of the most important holiday. All the people prepare for their holiday by buying new clothes and some candies. Everyone feels happy when his important holiday is coming . In my home town the most important holiday is Aid Al fetter . This holiday comes after Ramadan . Aid Al fetter means in Arabic the breakfast holiday because all the people in my home town were fasting in Ramadan. We celebrate for this holiday from the morning then we get some relax on the noon and some fun in the night. We start usually by celebration for Aid Al fetter by praying. All our relative come before the pray time . Then we go to the mosque together to pray. After we pray all the big family come to our house to eat breakfast together. When we finish the breakfast we go to stay in the gust room. My uncles usually say some jokes that time. Whenever we set in this room the kids come to get some candies and some money from the old men. We stay together until 10 or 11 am. Then every one goes to his home to get some relax. For sure there is no work so every one can spend all the time with his family . By the way we take a nap from the noon around 12 until 4 pm or around it. Some of our relative takes a nap in our house. Some people when they wake up at the evening they go to the cemetery to visit their dead relatives. My father does that I go with him some time. The night is the fun time in the majority of holidays . We go to our relatives in the night. There are a lot of people there. We go there to dance. They start play music around 11 or 12 at midnight and stile this playing and dancing until 3 am. The fire works are played around 10 pm by the government. After 3 am every one goes to his home to sleep. Actually all the people in my city are witting for this holiday. They prepare for this holiday before it's coming by few months. They stile celebrate by Aid Al fetter three days. That is the most important holiday in my home town and every one has the most important holiday like us that is what I expect about every one.
