Many people say that Aladha Eid is the most spectacular festival in north Africa. This festival takes place once every year. On this event each Muslim family sacrifices an animal which is usually a sheep. Everybody donates wears new clothes and smiles on that day. The Muslim people believe that God generously rewards their good deeds on that day in particular. In my country this festival is a big and special occasion that requires a lot of preparation entails many exciting events and ends with a united and strongly connected community. Everyone including young children participates in the preparations for the Aladha festival. The preparation for this festival usually starts one or two weeks ahead. First of all the father and his children go to buy the animal they have to slaughter on the occasion. It is part of the tradition that this animal should spend two or three days by the family's house before the festival. Another important part of the preparation is buying new clothes especially for the children and the elderly. The clothes are usually traditional new and very beautiful. The clothes are kept clean and new and are worn only on the day of the celebration. In addition to clothes the family needs to buy vegetables spices sweets and drinks. Although there are many things to be done in preparation for the occasion nobody feels tired or annoyed because of the excitement and fun that comes ahead. The celebration starts in the early morning of the first day and continues for another two days. All family members are happy and excited and nobody misses the pleasure of participating in the activities especially on the first day. The celebration starts with slaughtering the sheep which is cleaned and prepared by family members in or beside the house. A big part of the sheep's meat is directly placed on a big grill outdoors which is usually taken care of by one or two persons. As soon as the meat is ready they start serving it to family members and any guests they have. In the afternoon related families usually arrange to gather around one house to eat drink chat and start a new life clearing up any past misunderstandings or bad feelings between them. It is so special when all my relatives come together in one place to chat eat and have a good time. An important feature of Aladha Eid is that all people forgive one another for any past misbehavior or misunderstanding of a situation that might have affected their relationship. This is not only a feature in fact it is the main reason why this celebration was began. This festival strongly connects people and revives relationships on the family and the community level and this creates a healthier community. A traditional practice that usually takes place during this festival is that all families especially the rich ones donate some money as well as one third of the animal they should have slaughtered to poorer families or those in need. This creates some balance in the society removes boundaries and encourages good feelings between the rich and the poor. However I try to explain and recount the details such a great event remains indescribable and truly fascinating especially in my people's eyes. It is undoubtedly an exceptional way to create a better life and cooperative society. It emphasizes cooperation kindness and generosity. This occasion is a great gift that God has sent to us and the generations to come.
