Indent There are many events you participate in or help make them come true and enjoyable. However there is one that you insist to make it perfect from your childhood. You may have guessed by now your wedding ceremony. Like all girls I had my own plans and expectations about this day especially my dress and the location. I always wanted an outdoor location with a large pool a lot of red flowers some candles tasty food and off course make sure that all my guests will have a great time. We started planning our wedding almost one year ahead. Off course we needed some help that is why we collaborated with a wedding planner who helped us with communication appointments and choices. Then we gave our attention to another aspect which is the dress. The challenge was to choose a dress that looks nice fits me well and give a nice impression. Thank God I found in a magazine a design that I loved it and I was very satisfied. Later we went for a well known tailor who helped me make the wedding gown. Then I started trying it on every once and a while to make sure that its fitting me well. Two months before the big day I had some stressful time worrying about details and invitations and a long list of things that I had to do. Sometimes I run late I skipped some deadlines and I faced some tuff decisions. Overall I did very well. The time passed very quickly and the day I've been waiting all my life arrived but in my wedding day I had to deal with an unexpected problem which was the surprising illness of my mother. It was hard for me because she had to go to the hospital instead of preparing for my wedding ceremony. I was very upset but two hours later I got a phone call and she told me that she is feeling better and she is going to be ready on time. I had my happy face again. I was looking forward for the ceremony. Every thing was wonderful as we had planned. Honestly I felt overwhelmed because I just had my dream wedding. Finally I feel that every girls deserve to feel very happy and satisfied in her wedding day because it is an event that happens once in our lifetime and it is necessary to put all our efforts and abilities to do the best we could to realize our dreams and that is what I did. Right now when I recall my wedding day sometimes I laugh but I feel all the time satisfied.
