Holy Week Apparently Jesus Chirst didn't take an interest in Spain. However this country is still commemorating his actions 2000 years later. One of the most important was his death and resurrection what Catholics celebrate as Holy Week. Nowadays Spain is one of the countries where this tradition is lived with more passion. The holiday lasts a whole week for students but the significant days are Thursday Friday and Sunday because as traditions says Jesus died during the night between these two first days and came back to life on the next Sunday. The big deal of this celebration is the processions the Passion's representation when Christ walked to the Calvary Mount. The date is variable it starts on the first Sunday after the initial full moon after the spring equinox so the date of the Resurrection falls between March 22 and April 25. Actually it's also the time when good weather comes to Spain so the streets fill up with people. Probably the most amazing place to enjoy the Holy Week is Seville. The outstanding churches have their own Christ carrying his cross. The images over a kind of chariot named paso are transported by brotherhoods all along the city during the whole day. Everyone stays on the street and the most devout people follow Jesus along with a band which plays a music seems like a march. I'm not a religious person. Actually I don't believe in God but I must admit that I like this ceremony. You're waiting with the crowd the sun goes down and then you hear music far away. Step by step the paso adorned with a lot of flowers and candles comes closer. The people up in the balconies and down in the streets keep quiet. Suddenly the image of Christ stops to rest the paso weighs 3 tons and an anonymous man from somewhere in the street spontaneously begins singing a saeta a devotional flamenco song. Finally the paso rises up as soon as the band starts to play again while everybody applauds. At the end of the celebration people come back home and if they're hungry it's the perfect moment to eat a torrija a traditional dessert made with bread soaked in milk and eggs fried on a little bit of oil and cinnamon added. Nowadays Holy Week can means vacation tradition religion folklore traveling or an old fashioned stuff depending on the person. However the important thing is respect understand each other to know why we celebrate it and of course enjoy the holidays.
