Halloween Halloween may be a spooky holiday but did you know it also has a fascinating history Halloween is celebrated every year on October 31st by millions of people in the United Status. You see children dressed in costumes begging for candy around the neighborhood. You might see a witch fly by or a ghost go by. You never know. How we celebrate Halloween today is quite diffrent from how it was celebrated in the past and some people think we should not celebrate it at all. The origins of Halloween date back thousand of years. Haalloween has its origins in the Celtic festival called Samhain. The Celt believed that souls of the dead came to earth to take over living bodies. So they would try to scare the dead spirits away. For example they would wear scarey costumes and masks. They also used to carve lanterns from turnips with frightening faces and placed them on the front steps to keep the evil spirits from coming inside. They even made offerings of food to satisfy the spirits and hopeffuly keep them away. Halloween is celebrated quite differently today. We celebrate it more for fun and businesses take advantage of it for profit. Children dress up in all different types of costumes not just scarey ones. Dressing up like super heroes is quite popular. So look out for Batman or Wonderwoman they might just walk up to your front door asking for candy. Be sure to have plenty on hand when they knock on your door and say Trick or treat Dating back from the old Celtic tradition of carving turnips now people carve faces into pumpkins because they are bigger and easier to hollow out and carve. The celebration of Halloween is actually quite controversial among certain people. The name Halloween originates from All Hallows Eve which is the night before All Hallows Day otherwise known as All Saints Day. The Christians hoped to overshadow the pagan roots of this festival by living it this name. Since Halloween was originally a feast day to Samhain a pegan god known as the Lord of the dead some people today are opposed to its celebration since Christianity recognizes only one God. Nevertheless Halloween continues to be widely celebrated today as more of a secular holiday and has lost its religious roots. Alter all who doesn't like candy or dressing up Halloween has changed a lot since the Celtic celebrations. People have added new traditions and changed the old ones. Now it is more comercial and it looks like everything is about money. As you can see Halloween has a lot of history and traditions
