Chinese culture is full of colorful traditions one of them is the celebration of Spring Festival. This special holiday takes place on lunar 30th Chinese calendar of every year . All of Chinese think that we have a new year after that day . So everyone Chinese return home and have a lot of activities with family . In my native town Lanzhou seven days are spent to enjoy Spring Festival . Firstly we need to prepare then celebrate finally worship our ancestors. To get ready for this celebration the house is cleaned and food is bought . I think the most important work that prepare the Spring Festival is to clean the house that includes rub the lamp wipe glass clean the roof . When people do it that means people expect the new year very much . Then the family goes shopping and spend much money to buy traditional food such as peanut candy and soybeans . When all the work is finished the family begins to greet the Spring Festival. During the lunar 30th night the spring festival get to the climax . First family members get together to have a big dinner at home dumplings and traditional food are eaten . During the dinner we have a small talk and play some games . We say some good hope to each other . For example keep good health try your best to do everything have a good mood in this year and be happy everyday . Then family watch the TV programs that include songs dances magic short sketches . When we finish this people wait for the coming New Year bell family members always sit together and watch the o'clock. After this people go out from home to worship their ancestors . People buy offerings for their dead relatives these include a candle various types of fruit wine and paper money . These are all placed on an altar then people scatter yellow and red flowers on the ground to form a colorful path . Finally families pray to dead relatives all night. In China when people finish all the works they begin to do what they like . Of all the Chinese religious celebrations this one is observed the most . Although this holiday requires a lot of planning and preparation it is a wonderful festival.
