ANON_NAME_0 The Independence Day Mozambique became independent on June 25th 1975 after 500 years under the Portuguese regime and the date is celebrated with a great joy by all the citizens. In the course of the day there are some activities such as visiting the Monument of National Heroes where people do both civil and traditionalceremonies. Furthermore everyone goes to visit friends and relatives and they share food and dance together. During the visit to the Monument of National Heroes everyone brings flowers candles and flags. At the Monument of National Heroes soldiers sing the National Anthem and there is band music that is prepared for the event. In addition the president of the country gives an official speech explaining to everybody especially to young people the relevance of Independence Day. There are representative members of each existing political party in the country to celebrate not only the end of colonial oppression in Mozambique but also the era of freedom peace and democracy. In fact the first part of celebration is a historic remembrance of the courage of the people who decided to fight against the Portuguese regime which colonized the country for 500 years. The traditional ceremony is celebrated as a thanksgiving ceremony to God and to every ancester because people believe that our lives depend on the support of God and those who share eternal life with him. So the traditional ceremony is a symbol of spiritual communion. The ceremony is presided over by a spiritual leader who is democratically chosen by the people. In this ceremony everyone might offer a traditional drink called canho which is poured near the Monument. After finishing the traditional and civil ceremonies women men and children shake hands with the president of the country. Then everybody goes back home. Relatives and friends join together to eat and drink. Each family prepares a lot of food and buys soft drinks and some alcoholic drinks in order to enjoy them with friends relatives and the neighbors. The Independence Day as a symbol of the national unity freedom fraternity and the desire of fighting
