ANON_NAME_0 qi li The Spring Festival Spring festival also known as the Chinese New Yearis the most important holiday in China It starts early in the 12th lunar month and lasts until the middle of the first lunar month. It is a day that people living far away from home go back a day that family came together to prepare for the cerebration and enjoy itvisit friends at the first day of new year! For me It is the most joyful time in the entire year and the very first happiness begins at the preparation. People always start the preparation a week before new year eveDoors and window panes are often painted red considered to be a lucky color. In addition people like to hang paper cuts on doors and windows. We don't clean for the first few days of the New Year if you do any sweeping during this time you risk sweeping away your good luck. In order to rejoice at the New Year people wished others a happy new year and blessed heartily. It is really fun that prepare those things with family By the eve of the New Year everyone tries to come back home from every corner of the country to join the entire family A big New Year dinner is served. Here is one interesting thing about dinner we put a clean coin into dumpling!! If you eat dumpling and find the coin you will be very lucky next yearAlso we have fun activities called BAINIAN Everyone said Happy New Year to each other and children receive a red envelope decorated with gold symbols and filled with lucky money ! We will have a lot of firework when the New Year come And in my family we will watch a TV show which is only for Spring Festival in ever year The first morning of New Year people put on their new clothes and shoes. Men with their wives call on relatives and friends to wish them a Happy and Prosperous New Year . The caller is served tea with sweet meats melon seeds both red and black and fruits and delicacies such as puffed rice cakes dumplings and deep friedh round doughnuts. People beginning go out to visit friends and relatives taking with them gifts such as fruit wine flowers etc. This period is a time for visiting and amusement. According to an ancient legend people were once tormented by a beast called a Nian a ferocious creature with an extremely large mouth capable of swallowing several people in a single bite. Relief from the Nian came only when an old man tricked the beast into disappearing. In reality New Years festivities probably evolved from a desire to celebrate the end of winter and the fertility and rebirth that come with spring much like many cultures paration. Today New Years in China is about family reunions and wishing everyone good fortune in the coming year. I just love it!!!
