How to Plan for a Vacation The spring break is coming soon. Some students may go back home during this time. Others may stay in their university to complete their projects. The rest may plan for a vacation. If you have decided to take a trip you should arrange it now. There are three crucial steps to plan for your vacation choosing a location finding overnight accommodations and selecting one kind of transportation. First of all you should choose a place where you want to spend your vacation. There are two choices. One is to travel abroad. For example you may want to visit countries in Europe such as Italy France the UK Switzerland and Germany. You can learn about different cultures from these countries. It's very convenient for traveling in Europe with the Schengen visa. There are 15 Schengen countries in Europe. The other choice is to travel to other cities in the States. For instance you may want to visit New York Las Vegas San Francisco or Miami. Every city has its own characteristics. Besides you do not have to apply any visa when you travel around in your own country. Therefore no matter where you visit it will be a wonderful memory. Secondly searching for overnight accommodations is also essential. Normally people book valuable hotels on some travel websites. You can also keep a budget by naming your own price. You should notice that when you bid for your hotel the only thing you can choose is the area of the city. You can not choose which hotel you want to live. However it may be hard to find a low priced hotel in a major city like in New York. Therefore you can look for someone who sublets his apartment for a period of time. It is believed that you will save money when you get a sublet from others. Although living in a sublet is cheaper than a hotel it is not as comfortable as living in a hotel. Finally transportation is thought to be another key factor. Most major cities have public transportation such as buses trains or subways. It is an efficient way to save money when you travel on public transportation. In addition you can buy an unlimited number of subway and bus rides for a fixed price in most of the major cities in the US. You can save some money when you buy a week ticket. On the other hand you may want to rent a car when you are in the countryside. Although it costs much more than using the public transportation it is more convenient to go any place you are interested in. Furthermore you do not have to waste your time waiting for the public transportation. In conclusion location accommodations and transportation are the three main choices you should make when you plan for a trip. Because there is a lot of information on the internet you should plan for a trip thoughtfully. Then you will have a lot of fun during the trip.
