Thanksgiving Thanksgving is a very important holiday in the United States. Thanksgiving has many years in the United States. Thanksgiving day is my favorite holiday in the US. Because of the history clebration and posit celebration activity. First I want to talk about the history of thanksgiving. This holiday is that to thanked people who gove you help. In 1920 the settlers or Pilgrims they sailed America on the May Flower. They arrived in America in winter. Their food was not enough to ger them through this winter. Many people dead in the winter. They hoped have good in the second year. In the second year they got the food fromd the land. They thought the food was from the Lord so they chose a day to thanked Lord who gove them food. After many years the president of United States declared for people. The Thourday on the last week November was Thanksgiving Day and this holiday continoues to today. Second is the thanksgiving food. In thanksgiving the American people should be back home to enjoy the food with family. The food that I think is good program in the holidy Thanksgiving had many different good on the table. The food had turkey pumkin pie cramberry juies plum pudding mincepie and Fall vegetables. Those food is perpared by the American family before the thanksgiving food two to three weeks ago. Enter the American family you will enjoy the good thanksgiving food. Third I want to talk about a big activity after thanksgiving. The American people called this activity Black Friday . This activity in Friday is after thanksgiving. In that day the people and stores should be crazy. The stores gave many discounts for people so the product is cheaper than other day. For example the laptop for Deal in the other day it should need 500 dollars but it in the Black Friday maybe the laptop only need 100 to 200 dollars. And I remember I bought a jacket in the thanksgiving of last year. I only spend 20 dollars but the jacket in other day or other time I should pay 60 dollars then I can buy the jacket. The people will wait outside at the stores because they want buy some cheaper things. Usually at 3 o'clock or early in morning the people will wait outside at the stores. And the stores will be opened at 6A. M. The people will shopping all the day. That it is so interesting. Thanksgiving is important holiday in the United States. The American people can use that day to thanks other people who gave him help and with family to enjoy the food. After thanksgiving the people will company family or friends go shopping. The people enjoy the holiday take the happiness coming. So I like thanksgiving food and Black Friday .
