Center Sonk Karn Festival in Thailand indent The Sonk Karn festival is not only a national holiday but also the Thai New Year. Every Thai is looking forward to having a wonderful time with friends and family in the celebration which is held on 13 15 April. During the day people want to live with their family. People whose family is in upcountry and who work in Bangkok will travel to visit their parent. Then they eagerly go to the temple to donate money or food to monks and homeless children. After that a monk will bless them with holy water. Apart from this in the past people usually carried a sand bag to a temple and built a sand pagoda on the temple playground. We believe that temple is a sacred place and to carry a sand bag is to help build the temple. We believe we can go to the heaven by doing this. Besides it is also an opportunity for young men and women can meet and start knowing each other. After finishing activities in the temple people go to visit the elderly and wish them healthy. Generally the elderly in upcountry live alone or with their husband or wife because their children usually go to work in Bangkok. So the elderly is very happy because there will be a lot of people come to visit them. After that people will rush to the street and join with the crowd in the water throwing war. Since April is the hottest period of Thailand people feel very refreshed by cold water and cooling powder. There are hundreds of trucks loaded with young men with a huge bucket of water along every road. When the 2 trucks run across people start throwing water shouting laughing towards each other. If you have to travel by bus in this period make sure that you keep the window close because people love to throw water in to a bus. I don't know why. After people get exhausted by throwing water they go to temple again and join the carnival. Usually there is a fun park treet. People dress in vibrant color laugh loudly sing happily and perform traditional dancing. Everyone have a great time in the carnival. Finally the fair end up with a wonderful firework. Sonk Karn festival is very important to Thais and moreover foreigners are warmly welcome!
