Eaid holiday There are many holidays in different countries. Like Thanksgiving in US. Christmas in some countries of the world. In my country we have a big holiday whose name is Eaid. It is a religion holiday for Muslim people and it will come after month of fasting. All Muslim people fast during Ramadan. So it will come after a fasting month. This holiday has many activities and I am going to write about a special prayer for this holiday what we do after this special prayer and why all of people are wearing a new clothes. This holiday has a special prayer. For Muslim people. They must do five prayers during the all day at deferent times but on that day. They will do an extra prayer and it will come after that does first prayer. This prayer has a special area which is in a desert or some place that have not a building. Every city has one place to do this. The concept for this idea is that you will see all your family and your friends in that area and you will celebrate with them. Not only your nuclear family but with all the people you know them. They are many activities after we are done with the Eaid prayer. Some people will go to a park or restaurant to eat breakfast. Other people who have a big family will go to the grandparents' house. The whole family goes there to eat breakfast with a head of the family. After the breakfast the grandfather will give the children an Edeiah. The Edeiah is some money that is given to the children because of the occasion of the Eaid holiday. That is significant activity that we do in this holiday. All the people should be wearing new clothes on this day. During the last ten days of Ramadan. All people go to the malls to buy new clothes. They buy not only a few clothes but also they will buy every thing Home cloths new Thobs a traditional dress for our culture jeans shirts and shoes. It is a time you should change your old clothes and have new cloths. Poor families who don't have money to get new clothes. Other people will help them to get new cloths to celebrate in that day. In conclusion this holiday is very important and it is the biggest in my country because everyone will celebrate in that day. It does not matter if you rich or poor. The important thing on that day you will see a smile on everyone's face.
