How to Plan a Vacation To prepare for a trip first you need to plan the basics choose the date buy the tickets for transportation and book the hotels. Then you have to start preparing the details witch include the activities you want to do the restaurants where you will be eating and the places that you want to visit. Following you will find some tips that may be useful in each stage of the process to plan a vacation. When planning a vacation you should first choose a type of destination beach mountain or city. Then you have to choose your budget for the trip. With those two parameters you can stat looking online at places and vacation packages. Once you select the place you should find people who have already visited the destination to ask them for lots of useful tips. The first question should refer to hotel reviews. The reviews and photos published on the Internet are not always true. Good photographers are like magician. They can make the rooms look bigger and nicer. If you have no one to ask then you should look for online reviews that can also help you find a nice place to stay. Another useful tip is to purchase a city tour book. There are lots of good brands such as Loonly Planet Eyewitness Travel etc. In these books you can find a lot of activities to do and also a lot of interesting information about the city history traditions places to visit etc. This information can give you an idea of the things that you are going to want to do during your stay. We encourage you to write a list of those activities prioritize by favorites. It is also important that you note if a special weather condition is required. After writing the activities list you should go online and look at prices for those activities and also availability. Sometimes monuments or places are closed for restoration. It is good to know in advance that type of information to allow you to plan another activity. Also there are activities as games or ballet tickets that need to book months before the trips. You should book all the reservations that require time of anticipation and not the other ones. That way you'll have more flexibility in your trip if one day the weather doesn't allow you to do one of the activities you had planed you can trade it for another day's. It is also important to ask people who already know the city for places to dine. They probably will give you good advice. To try something new or local you could search restaurant reviews in local webpages. The last advise we can give you is to acknowledge that cultures are different all around the world so before starting your trip you should ask someone to clarify if there are words that you shouldn't use or certain behaviors that you should avoid in order not to be rude with the local people. These are some of the advice that can help you plan a trip. The more information you have about your destination will help you to choose the best activities to enjoy yourself and to get to know new places cultures and tastes.
