The Way to Study a New Language In modern society many people are studying a new language for the wealthier life. Most people learn English because English is the common language of the world these days. But considerable people learn new languages such as Chinese Spanish Arabic etc. Not just English. The reasons for a learning new language might be different according to each person. For example someone could learn it to have a job or enter a university. Another could learn it for just self satisfaction. Even if the reasons are different people have a similar way and experience to study the new language because there are good means for everyone to study the new language efficiently. The most important thing to study the new language is making an environment to use the new language. To make the environment for using the new language there are three things recommending have much more time with a native speaker watch TV without any subtitles make a friend using the internet. First having much more time with a native speaker is the most important thing to improve skills of a new language. Nowadays many people go to the U. S for the purpose studying English. There is a reason for doing it even though they need much money. In their country which is not the U. S they can study English but English which is studied in not the U. S will be limited to improve much. If they go to the U. S they will have time to speak with native speakers. Then their English will improve and a pronunciation will be more natural. But if they study English in their country they will have problems of the pronunciation and improvement which is very slow. Other languages are the same. Even if you don't have much money to go to another country find in your country a native speaker using the language which you'd like to learn. If you can't go to a foreign country watching TV without any subtitles is an efficient way to study a new language. You can watch movies and news of other countries on TV and find many movies news dramas and entertainments on the internet too. Watching these things is a privilege to study the new language. Because people in old times couldn't have opportunities to encounter foreign programs on TV and the internet. Therefore you can't throw away the opportunities to watch the programs of other countries. If you do that your listening skills for the new language will improve. Though it takes a lot of time and you can't listen well you can be familiar easily to new language you want to learn. Finally making a friend on the internet is an interesting way to study a new language. The internet is very useful for learning the new language. You can meet friends on the internet though it is not a direct meeting. The pen pal is a popular way to make friends. Before the internet is used generally people wrote a letter to foreign friends. But now people contact pen pal friends by sending the e mail. It is the easy way to keep in touch. Chatting sites are also used to meet foreign friends on the internet. You have to think quickly to make conversation. Even if you don't have fluent conversation at first it is remarkably helpful to improve your new language. Making a friend on the internet even though some friends can have a little bit of a strange mind can help you study the new language. Studying a new language is fun to people who is beginner. Not to lose the fun you have to find how to study a new language. Making an environment to use the language is the best method for that. Meet native speakers directly in real life and indirectly in virtual life on the internet and in the media. If you do that you will get a great environment to study a new language. Consequently the language won't be new for you anymore.
