Change a Busy Day to a Productive Day Do you have enough free time for yourself Our lives are filled up with work to do. Endless work makes you tired. Without a little free time to a rest life becomes a series of dark and hard days. Then busy days remove your energy to imagine the future. To keep your life happy and hopeful try out some tips to make free time for yourself. You may be able to have more free time with a little change. First be careful to entertainments which consume your time. Most people have experiences of wasting time on watching TV or surfing the Net. TV programs try to catch you and they do not allow you to turn them off. Writers on the Net make their best effort to keep you reading the content. Although you start net surfing for just one page a link leads you to the next page and then the next page. As a result your precious time will go away without realizing it. You will be able to have more free time if you save your time from these time consuming entertainment. To avoid wasting time you have to be aware of consuming time on these dangerous entertainments. Throwing away TVs may be one of the solutions. For some people this may sound too extreme. However if you do not have a TV you'll never consume your time in watching a soap opera. If you want to watch a news show you can get all necessary information on the Net these days. As another method to save time determining a time limit is a simple but effective way. If it feels difficult to stop watching TV on limited time declare to your family about your decision. It will become good pressure to keep the time limit. Once you succeed in getting your free time after work you can enjoy anything you want to do. Second morning time is your own time. If you get up 30 minutes earlier you can use more 30 minutes for yourself. No one can interrupt your time at 7 a. M. Imagine what you can do during 30 morning minutes. Eating a better breakfast for example toast salad egg and some fruit will cheer you up and help you have a good day. Reviewing a to do list and making a daily schedule before the day starts will be useful in managing your tasks and spending your time efficiently. If you walk to your office or school instead of using a car it is very effective exercise to keep your body healthy. Of course waking up early is not easy for many people. However because of its difficulty you will be more conscious of the use of time. You can use morning time for more valuable purposes. For example in Japan some English conversation schools have morning class for working people. This implies that many people are using their morning time to improve their abilities. In addition if you wake up early your body becomes ready to work well by the time you start your work. As a consequence you may be able to finish your work earlier and get more free time. A Japanese proverb says getting up early brings something good . Getting up early not only makes free time but also helps you to have a more positive life. Finally ask other people for help. Unless you reduce your work it is difficult to have lots of free time. If your workload goes over your processing ability asking other people to help is not a bad action. On the other hand you can help other people when you have free time. Cooperation enables you to work more comfortably. If you are worrying about continuous household chores get your family's help. If you don't forget the thanks for family help sharing housework makes familial ties stronger. If you are a student it sounds a little bit difficult to get help because students are supposed to do homework by themselves. However you can get a lot of help from your friends because friends may already have had the same kind of problems about daily life. They can't help you directly to do your homework but they may know some convenient tools or good web sites to refer. They may know the way to cook quickly or nice restaurants where you can buy your meal. Sometimes people hesitate to ask for help because they feel sorry for others. However to have confidence in the people around you and share problems with them could make more intimate relationships with them. In short you can make free time for yourself by a little change in your mind. Busy days are not fun but if there is nothing to do it is boring. To have lots of work is not a bad situation depending on your perspective. You can meet many people and have many experiences. Don't become pessimistic. Try some ways to make free time and have a more fulfilled life.
