Everyone grows up in different home environments and it is proper that everyone has different perspectives and opinions. Furthermore sometimes everyone has to play several roles in daily life and of course has some different perspectives when plays different role. For instance a woman who grows up in a common family might be a mother of her children an employee of a company and her sister's best friend. Therefore when people have a variety of friends who have distinct backgrounds and perspectives their friends might have disputes about political issues racial discrimination or just have different opinions at a event that happened recently. It is important to settle a dispute without violence or force and it will be more peaceful to settle a dispute by talking discussing with a rational mind and trust between friends for this reason I usually try to stop argument between two friends with three steps as below. First of all I always try to make my friends stop the discussion that they dispute about. If your friends discussed an issue and then the discussion became critical you knew that they might lose their control of temper and you might have to stop the conversation they had for avoiding a worse result that it would be. For example if your friends were arguing about an issue with each other you might tell them that they should stop the conversation directly or explain that they should respect each other and try to mitigate the dispute. Due to the stoppage of the argument your friends might calm down at least the argument would not be endless and worse. Second you should try to pause and distract their attentions to an other object. After they were stopped the conversation and didn't dispute an issue anymore they might still care about the dispute that they just had. It is possible that they will discuss the same issue again and the dispute might happen again. Therefore you should try to distract their attentions to an other object for a while. For instance when they stop talking or discussing you could suggest having a drink together and treat them to the drink. Usually your friends would realize that you wanted to stop the endless dispute for their own good and were willing to have a drink that is free! And then the dispute could pause for a while. Finally change their conversation subject into another one. After a while your friends might not feel so angry anymore but they might be likely to have a dispute about the same issue again so you should change the subject that they had a dispute into a common one that they both love or might be interesting in. For example if both of your friends like football you could mention the last football game that took place recently and let them start a new conversation with the new subject. On the other hand the new conversation subject could be a movie or a song that is popular or interesting and you could share your opinions of a movie and ask them what their opinions are. It is said that people will be more reasonable after they calm down. No matter what everyone has many friends and no one wants their friends to fight each other. If you can settle the disputes between your friends with peace then that will be great your friends might regret the loss of their friendship if a dispute became a serious result. After all human beings are emotive affective animals but also have rational minds and people always want to treasure their friendships. Hope that people can be more sensible and wiser when they deal with a dispute with other person and of course help your friends with settling their dispute.
