There are many religious holidays around the world. In my country Turkey we celebrate Ramadan Eid as a religious holiday. The month of Ramadan is very special for Muslims people. At the end of the month we celebrate Ramadan Eid. This holiday is very important to my country because of the meaning of art Ramadan Eid. This holiday is very important to my country because of the meaning of art Ramadan the way we prepare for Eid and how we celebrate. Ramadan is the holly month for Muslims. During Ramadan Muslims fast during the day. They eat between sun down until sun rise. They worship God and ask for forgiveness for their sins in the past. Muslims show patients modesty. They able to give up heir desire such as smoking drinking alcohol. During the month of Ramadan wealthy people serve dinner to the poor people family and friends. People help each other and give money to poor people. After the month of Ramadan we celebrate Ramadan Eid. Ramadan Eid is a joy forgiveness generosity. Joy because children get candies money and small presents. Ramadan Eid people forgive and sulks reconciled. They generously help each other and invite their love one friends even stranger to their place for dinner. In my country Turkey before the Ramadan Eid begins everyone clean their houses. Parents buy children new clothes and small present. Families prepare special dishes for their guest. Main dish contains red meet such as kebab meet soup meatball. Side dishes contains vegetables yogurt and with olive oil vegetables. Baklava is the main desert for this holiday. Bakeries bake more than usual baklava and other pasties. Groceries sell a lot of candies. A first day of Ramadan Eid men go to the mosques to pray. The rest of the family members wait at home. Father and brothers go to mosques and when they return they greet each other. Families eat breakfast together. After the breakfast children come together and collect candies from the neighborhood. During Eid families visit cemeteries and pray to the God for forgiveness for their lost one. In the afternoon people visit their father mother and elderly family members. Turkish people give present to their parents and other family members. They eat dinner together. As a desert in Ramadan Eid Turkish families eat baklava. Ramadan Eid is very special for Turkish people. After one month of fasting and helping needy people they celebrate Ramadan Eid with joy and happiness
