Outline How to find an apartment. Intro. 1. Decide to what type of apartment that you want to live and where you want to live 2. Call several real estates in the area and ask them. 3. See the apartment and decide to contract of not. Conclusion. If you have moved in Pittsburgh just it is important to find your apartment. However sometimes it is too difficult for you if you are not well in English or you are not familiar with housing culture of Pittsburgh. So some stages to find an apartment are here. Deciding type and location of apartment calling several real estate and visiting the vacant apartment is three important stage. At first decide to where you want to live and what type of apartment that you want to live. There are some popular area to college students to live. Search the internet or ask your acquaintance about strength and weakness of each area. Then you have to decide type of apartment efficiency studio 1 2 3 bedroom or more than. If you are planning to live alone efficiency studio or 1 bedroom apartment is more proper to you. Then you have to call several real estates in the area. You can get a brochure that real estates' advertisements are in it and find some information of real estates on the brochure. You can call them and ask if they have any rooms available. If there is available room they let you know the location price of apartment and so on. If you are interested in that apartments you can make an appointment with manager or householder. Third you have to visit and see the room by yourself. Since it can be different from the real estates' explanation or picture you have to check several things. Safety and convenience is very important. If they have a poor lock system or very dirty laundry room it can be not good to you. If there is a chance to meet one of the tenants you can ask him or her about the apartment. It can be very helpful. The apartment is satisfactory to you then you have to contract with the landlord company. If it isn't fit your taste finding another apartment is better to you. Finding an apartment which is really fit your taste is very hard sometimes. So you have to very careful to finding. And if there isn't the best then you cannot help but choosing another. So you have to make a priority and find something you cannot give up. Lots of information in the internet and brochure can help you to find a good apartment so use that promptly. Good luck!
