The holidays in many countries in this world are different from the holidays in my country Saudi Arabia. The name of one holiday in my country is Eid Alfeter. This holiday happens once every year and comes after Ramadan month. To get ready for this holiday a number of parts happen before during and after the holiday. Before this holiday we go shopping and during this holiday we celebrate after this holiday we take a trip. First of all we always go shopping before the holiday Eid Alfeter starts. The adults go with their friends and they buy new clothes shoes perfumes and qutra or a traditional cloth that cover the top of the head. Also the women are taken by the father of family or the oldest brother to shop and be ready for this holiday. They buy the same as what the men buy but they don't buy qutra. After that all our families in my town go to the mosque to do Eid Alfeter prayer. Then they go to another place to celebrate. Some fruit and snacks are eaten in this celebration. In the middle of this celebration the other families come to our place and join us. However the women always stay in their house to meet the relatives and afternoon they go to visit female neighbors relatives and friends. While the women are visiting their neighbors relatives and friends the men are taking naps. In the evening the men do the same as the women. After this whole day we go to the bed early to get ready for the next day. In the next day we wake up before the sunrise. We prepare many things for trip such as food tent pans and carpets. The families always go to the beach. On the other hand the adults go to the desert. Sometimes we spend one to two days in this trip. After we cook a barbecue in the night we sit in front of the beach or on the yellow sand in the desert. If we are on the beach we enjoy listening to the waves. Furthermore if we are in the desert we enjoy looking at the stars. In conclusion we love the holiday days and they are amazing. In addition we let our body rest from the work environment or study in these days and we feel better than the previous days. Also it is a good chance to see all our relatives and our friends.
