Learning a New Language Language is one of the most important skills that humans need in life. Through the language people can communicate with each other. There are several of languages that exist in the world. Most of people speak only their native language. Nowadays people start to learn different languages of several different countries and be able to communicate with others around the world easily. For example the English language is used as an international language throughout the world. Most of people know something about the English language even if they do not speak it but because they use computers and the internet. Learning a new language sounds interesting for some people for their significant reasons and the most common reason is to get a good education. Also learning a new language has a positive influence on society. It sounds interesting for some people to learn a new language. Although it is not easy at all and it needs hard work to develop it. In addition we all know that it is really useful but technically it requires several significant steps to follow such as travelling to a country which has the language you need attending a college or an institute which has experienced teachers and practicing the new language. First of all new studies suggest traveling to a country that involves the language you need to incorporate. Travelling to the foreign country has significant reasons. Being there between the citizens is more useful and effective. Additionally you are going to be surrounded with native speakers to catch their accent idioms and how they act when they speak. For example recognizing whether they raise or lower their voices when they speak. Also there are families in each country that allow foreigners to stay with them and this is a good opportunity to catch the language and learn the pronunciation. Also it gives you self confidence and motivates you to try your new language and speak it with people going to restaurants and buy the cultural food. Secondly attending a college or an institute that has experienced teachers helps you to improve your new language. It helps in developing the way you communicate with others and the conversations you use in everyday life. At the same time you get to meet other people who come from all over the world with the same perspective. You also get to experience diverse knowledge from the different languages you learn from others. Meanwhile you learn from others' mistakes and get corrected in pronunciation or grammar. It also gives you opportunities to attend activities organized for international English learning students such as getting a conversation partner program or getting an organized tour with the institute throughout the country. Finally practice your new language and try not to use your native language. Remember don't translate the sentences from your language to the new language due to the differenc in structures. You need to practice all those skills you learn from the institute by using it in your everyday conversations in communicating with people. For example meeting new friends with foreign language and interacting with them helps improve the way you talk and pronounce words. Getting involved in activities can help in learning new words and ways of communication however whatever you practice and the amount of effort you put in trying to learn is the amount of education you will recieve. Briefly by following these steps you will hit two birds with one stone. The first bird refers to the language that you will basically understand and incorporate and the second bird refers to the culture education general knowledge and the relationships that you will get. Learning a new language is just like climbing a mountain at the bottom you will find it so hard and gradually you will get to the top of the mountain and obtain your desire.
