How to Study a New Language Learning a new language it is extremely beneficial for many reasons such as exposing to a different culture economic academic benefits and other many precious reasons. Also knowing more than one language will be considered as a distinct point in your resume if you are applying to a job. However it is not easy to acquire a second language. Furthermore many people are suffering from learning a new language and get discouraged because they are looking to be affluent speakers in a short time period. In the coming paragraph a valuable steps will be discussed on how to study a new language effectively and in a short time. The first paragraph will talk about immersing yourself after that forget translating and finally listening and speaking. First of all it is impossible to learn a new language and to be fluent on it without involving in an environment in which they speak the language. Therefore being immersed it is very important to gain a new language. Traveling in a foreign country allows you to continuously hear the sounds and the idioms of the desired language also spoken on the streets in buses and restaurants will make your brain start to process and interpret the new language. Thus as more as you are practicing the language you will get rid of shyness and you will be more confident to speak. The second step is don't translate. After being in an environment where they do not speak your first language it is better even to think in the language which you are studying. So you should try to forget translating to your native language. In case if you find a new word use the dictionary. This will introduce you to another word which you may encounter also will make you familiar with the grammatical structures and you will know how to use the word in a sentence. The third step is practicing the language it's important to make a commitment to practice and expand on what you've learned. Rather than walking up to the restaurant giving a pre memorized phrase for what you're going to order simply listen to how the locals order their food and then imitate them as best you can. The same goes for greetings and small talk. Watch their facial expressions as they say the words and study how they move their mouths. Eventually you will recognize more these phrases or sounds and you will be more confident to use them in your conversations Finally as the more you listen the more you will be able to speak and the more skills of the language will occur. Watching movies news and even listening to the radio it is great practice of listening. Then the main ideas of what you have listened will get fixed into your memory. Once the structures of sentences phrases get fixed in your mind you will converse with your friends or with someone else more easily. To sum up it is normal to have some difficulty in learning the new language. However following these steps make the process of learning more smooth and effective.
