In Aid Al fitir all the Muslims around the world celebrate on the same day. This day is important for us because we break the fast after Ramadan by eating the breakfast and celebrate all the day and night. Aid Al fitir in my country is the most important holy day all year. First we prepare a breakfast for the family gathering in the early morning. Then we give gifts to the children happy. Finally we celebrate the rest of the day by watching the fireworks and joining the celebration. Two weeks or more before Aid Al fitir. We decide in which home we will eat the breakfast. After it has been decided in which place to celebrate every family prepare for that day. If it is in our home we prepare for the breakfast two days before the day. First we go to the market to buy cheese olives eggs bread and some desserts like baglawah or basbosah. Also candies are bought for the children. Finally we pray Aid Al fitir then we serve the breakfast for our relative. It's a simple meal but it means that we break the fast and start our day. In Aid Al fitir the children are our first priority. It starts in Ramadan We go to buy new clothes for them. Then we buy gifts and usually toys that they want. Later when we finish breakfast we give the gifts to the children. Furthermore we give them money to spend because we want them to feel free at this day. So we take care to make them happy after we were busy with our worship in Ramadan. Aid Al fitir is planned by us. So we try to enjoy this day. We begin our day by gathering our relatives. After a busy morning we sleep in the afternoon for one hour or two. Next we go to the sea because there are many activities like small games for children racing cars and riding horses. We wait for the fireworks then we go back home because it's the last activity at night. At the end of the day we all become tired. Everyone in this day enjoys his time. We start from early morning until late at night and we only take a rest for one or two hours. All Muslims celebrate this day with different activities.
