How to Study a New Language Learning a new language is extremely beneficial for many reason such as expose you to a different culture academic benefits and many others. Also knowing more than one language will be considered as a distinct point in your resume if you are applying for a job. However it is not easy to acquire a second language. Many people suffering from learning a new language also get discouraged because they are looking to be fluent speakers in a short time period. In the coming paragraphs valuable steps will be discussed on how to study a new language effectively and in a short time. The first paragraph will talk about how you can immerse yourself after that discuss the translation impact and finally the importance of listening and speaking. First of all it is impossible to learn a new language and to be fluent without being involved in an environment in which they speak the language. Therefore being immersed with people is very important to gain the new language. Also Traveling to a foreign country allows you to continuously hear the sounds and the idioms of the desired language. So as you heard people speaking on the streets buses and restaurants will make your brain start to process and interpret the new language. Therefore the more you practice the language you will get rid of shyness and you will be more confident in speaking. The second step is don't translate. After being in an environment where they do not speak your first language it is even better to think in the language which you are studying. In addition you should try to forget translating to your native language. In case if you find a new word use the dictionary. This will introduce you to another word which you may encounter. As a result it will make you familiar with the grammatical structures and you will know how to use the words in sentences. The third step is practicing the language it is important to make a commitment to practice and expand on what you have learned. Rather than walking up to the restaurant giving a pre memorized phrase for what you are going to order simply listen to how the locals order their food and then imitate them as best you can. The same goes for greetings and small talk. Watch their facial expressions as they say the words and study how they move their mouths. Eventually you will recognize more all of these phrases or sounds and you will be more confident of using them in your conversations. Finally the more you listen the more you will be able to speak and the more skills of the desired language will occur. Moreover watching movies news and even listening to the radio is great practice of listening. The main ideas of what you have listened to will get fixed into your memory. Once the structures of sentences phrases get fixed in your mind you will converse with your friends or with someone else more easily. To sum up it is normal to have some difficulty in learning a new language. However following these steps would make the process of learning more smooth and effective.
