Happiness Across the entire world people seek out to find a fundamental factor makes their live blissful. Happiness helps you to be productive and expands your vision. It is one of the most reasons that prolong your live. Having a good health having a cooperative family and being optimistic are three major elements that cause happiness. Having a good health is a wonderful bless. Because you have a good health and you are able to do your job you will be a productive person in your community. For example people who are working in the factories are happier than those who are working in the paper work. Moreover there is no doubt if you are independent person you will be more happy than those who aren't. Independents are happier than handicapped since they can do their needs by themselves. Also the ability to help others who need bless that you have is a valuable bless from God. In addition having family makes your live amazing. The ambience of cooperative family makes your live easier. Some studies show that the people who don't live in hard circumstances with their family are happier than who do. Furthermore some family member take care of each other which is a good trait makes you happy. For example if the older brother helped his younger brother this will create a strong bond among the family. Discussing the family's business and trying to resolve their problems lead you to be happy. Besides being optimistic is a short way for happiness. We can obviously notice the successful trait of optimistic people. For example the optimistic workers who always think that good thing will happen are more successful than those who don't. Also organization and happiness are linked together so we can see the impact of the organization on their live that leads to happiness. Being optimistic means you should be trustful and be sure you can do more than you can. For instance most happy people accomplish their target easily. To sum up happiness is a key of a comfortable live. Even though you have many troubles having a good health having a cooperative family and being optimistic make you happy. Make your live easy and catch on theses fabulous elements to be happy forever.
