Can you define the meaning of happiness I feel it's hard to explain. In my opinion happiness is an abstract thing because it's a feeling and a subjective sensation. Sometimes people feel happy easily but sometimes they try very hard to search for happiness. I think to be happy we could try to do the following we should actively discover happiness cherish the things we already have and share the happiness with other people. I believe happiness exists around us all the time but we should actively discover it. You may face some difficulties which will make you feel disappointed. However you can always learn from the difficulties and even failures to get valuable experiences. For example when I first started to learn classic music I was told that my body was not strong enough to sing as a soprano. I was sad first but I decided to face this problem and started to take many physical exercises. The exercises were very hard but I felt really happy that I could improve every day. After rigorous training I successfully passed the auditions of music schools. I was so happy that the person told me my weakness so that I could face it and correct it. This experience taught me that we should always actively find happiness even under difficult situations and sometimes overcoming a difficulty could bring tremendous happiness. People always pursue the things they don't have and overlook the things they already have. Sometimes people complain why other people feel happy but I don't. You should ask yourself some questions. Is there somebody who often calls you and worries about you Do you have some family members who always love you and take care of you Sometimes you become used to the caring from your family and friends and then you take it for granted. If you appreciate their concern you will realize how lucky you are and it will make you feel happy. Sometimes people around you can share and even enhance your experience of happiness. For example if you achieve something and your family and friends can share the excitement and joy with you you will feel much happier. An athlete who just won an Olympic gold medal would feel extremely happy because it is not only a personal accomplishment but also an achievement shared by his whole nation. So it is important for us to share our happiness because it not only makes other people happy it can also make ourselves feel happier. Each individual feels happy for different reasons. But as long as we actively discover happiness cherish what we already have and share the happiness with other people we will have a happy life.
