The Sultan of 11 Months Ramadan It is the most exciting time for all muslims to celebrate Ramadan festival. People can feel Ramadan s soul at Ramadan month which belongs to Arabic calendar. Everybody waits for this festival around one month in Ramadan month. This festival is the best time to meet with parents relatives and friends. People can find the happiness in this festival because people share their respect and happiness with others at this day. In the early morning of Ramadan Festival s first day people go to mosques to pray and celebrate this day with other muslims. After that many people first celebrate this festival with their fathers or grandfathers because in my country just men have to go to mosque at this day and you meet with your father or grandfathers first. You can share your love and respect with kissing their hand then put their hand to your brow and hug. This is a kind of respect style in my country to show your respect to older people. People become happy today because they passed this month with pray which called Oruc in Islam. Oruc is one of the five essentials in Islam. You cant eat anything during at 4 5 am to 5 6 pm. This makes you to understand poor people s condition and its about resistance of your soul desires. So at this festival people are happy to accomplished this pray. After pray and first celebration with parents people go to their relatives to visit and make them happy. We know that older people always wait somebody to visit them and talk with them. Especially we visit older relatives on this day because this is another rule in our religion which is called Visit Older Relatives and Make Them Happy . People give presents to their relatives. Sometime you can hear many jokes from funny people to create fun and make people laugh. Furthermore people meet their friends on this day. Especially meet with old friends is excited. You can hear what are they doing on these days and what they did at past. You travel with them and have fun at festival celebration places. There is too many places which decoreated with Ottoman figures and includes many delicious meals to celebrate this festival. You can eat comfortably at these places because you just leave behind Ramadan month and Oruc. It includes exciting shows by acrobats and dancers. All of these events creat special moments for muslim people also for foreign people too who haven't experienced Ramadan festival before. I think festivals give people happiness and fun. These festivals are valuable for humanity to flee from their stressfull life. Everyboy need to experience festivals especially Ramadan festival to feel festivals' souls and entertainment from different cultures.
