Finding an apartment is the most important thing when someone moves to a new place. Apartment is a place which people live in. Also people could feel comfortable and free in their apartment. It's our home that we can decorate by ourselves. By the way we should find an apartment which is suitable to us. The apartment which is located in city near bus stop or parking lots and near school may be the perfect situation for people. The apartment located in city is much more convenience than which in countryside. If you live in city you can buy daily things much easily. Because there are many shops and malls in city. Also many hospitals are located in city so you can go to see doctor at once when you get sick. On the other hand there are many entertainments in city such as cinema and clubs. People can invent their friends to see a film on weekends so that they could have a rest after working for whole week. According to the evident above obviously choosing an apartment in city is necessary. Living near by bus stop or parking lots is one thing that most people desire. You could image that if you want to take a bus but your home is 3 mile far away from bus stop you may feel crazy to walk. If your apartment is near the bus stop you can go out whenever you want. It also save much time. On the other hand if you have your own car obviously it's convenience enough to go out. But it would be horrible if the parking lots are far away from your apartment. The same problem as the bus stop. In order to convenient our life choose an apartment near bus stop or parking lots. It's also necessary to find an apartment near school because you can save time and sleep well. Student usually have classes at 8 in the morning. Someone who live away from school should always wakes up at less an hour earlier to avoid late for class. Because they should take time to take buses to school or even walk. However someone who live near school can sleep more so that they can more focus on class. Finding an apartment is not an easy thing. Finding an suitable apartment would be much more difficult. But if you could find an apartment which is located in city near bus stop or parking lots near school it will be the dream apartment you ever want.
