Many people in the U. S. A. Found that finding apartment in Pittsburgh is too easy however many other people in the U. S. A. Found it difficult. As one of the people who has been living in the U. S. A. For a year I see Pittsburgh is one of the best places that you can get apartment easily but in one condition that you must to have enough money to get an apartment. For example when I arrived to Pittsburgh on the 13th of January 2010 I just spent two days to find the perfect area that I live in. Finding an apartment in Pittsburgh is to easy for many reasons. Further explanation will be show below. As many people know that we can use Google to find any place in the earth. So this point can help us a lot to find an excellent apartment in Pittsburgh. We just should fallow these steps. First we should to talk to someone who live in Pittsburgh by chat and ask him about the best places in Pittsburgh or the best areas then you can search about it in Google map and locate the place that you want to live in or the apartment is right for you. People who are not outgoing or feel shay they can use other plan to get the apartment that fit them. There are many companies in the internet that offers you many apartments to live in such as '' ANON_URLSITE_''. Pitsburgh has many places to live in but we should be careful about the area that we want live in. There are many save places in Pittsburgh such as Okland area and green tree area. As we know numbers of criminals is increasing in the U. S. A. According from the F. B. I. Statistics however Pittsburgh is more saver than many cities in the U. S. A. I'm living in Green tree area and it remembers me with the most save place that I've never been in which is Jeddah. People in Green tree area can act normal and they let their children to play next their apartment. Really I'm having a great time with my new apartment. In conclusion finding an apartment is very difficult in most countries however we can see how it is easy to find an apartment in Pittsburgh even if you want to get an apartment in one day. I think that because of the marketing that most of the American company has. But as I said you should to have enough money to get the perfect apartment that is right for you.
