Answer the 4 questions for Discussion Composition on p. 100 And question 3 Before You Begin on page 96 in your book. Write in complete sentences and in good English please. P. 100 1A. 1 Surveillance is more serious than observation. 2 Evaluation is from teachers self assessment is judged by yourself. 3 You can get something when you have rewards recognition means someone respects you because of your achievement. 4 You have a competition among the group personal achievement is the goal you accomplish. 5 Control is to make someone do what you want support is to help. 6 Restricting choice is to limit guidance is to help and advice. 7 You feel negative feelings when you under pressure you feel ambitious when you have goal setting. 1B. My high school teacher always tell me do not have to compete with other classmates. The only thing you have to do is to be better than you did before. 2. Teachers should teach children with some organized activities well structured to let them interested in and trigger their individual creativities. In my opinion schools should not only to encourage creativity in individual children but also to promote cooperation and society values. Both of them are important. It is not a conflict. 3. One goal of learning is to teach children to be creative. However not all learning is creative. Science fairs are very important of learning in spite of competitors have to obey some rules from school. 4. Flow When someone immerses what he does and feels that he has maximum happiness. I had this experience when I wrote my paper in the graduate school because my professor never limited my thoughts. He just guided me the correct direction of my paper. In my opinion when a learner can do something on his own way and feels that somebody supports him he can have a flow experience. Therefore schools should give students enough room to do what they are interested in. P. 96 3. When I teach painting I need to teach some basic skills to children that they can learn how to use them. Moreover after they finish their works I like to let them present their own works to other classmates and describe their thoughts of their paintings. Most children are very creative. They also like to share their feelings and thoughts to others.
