3. To encourage creativity and learning schools should not over control including telling kids exactly what to do things and how to do things students . People say we should not give kids fish but teach them how to fish. Also adequate evaluation and competition might encourage learning because humans have a sense of rivalry and want to be praised. However they could discourage creativity by making kids worry about other people's judge and making kids pursue the criteria which teachers made only. 1. A surveillance vs. Observation Both of them mean careful watching but we use surveillance in case of 'surveillance camera' or 'police surveillance' which means surveillance is more strict and negative connotations. Evaluation vs. Self assessment Evaluation is done by other people especially teachers but self assessment is done by oneself. Therefore evaluation is more passive. Rewards vs. Recognition rewards means material compensations but recognition is perception discovery. Competition vs. Personal achievement competition is making kids compete each other but personal achievement is achieving feat for their own success. Control vs. Support control is making something or someone work in the way that you want them to work but support is encouraging. Restricting choice vs. Guidance restricting choice is giving limitation of choice but guidance is giving advice and help. Pressure vs. Goal setting pressure is giving kids stress but goal setting is making a goal to achieve. B. When I was in a high school the school reduced some subjects such as Art and Music. Then they made students focus on main subjects like Math English Korean and Science. Therefore even though I liked music and playing the piano very much I couldn't develop my creativity in music. Also because I was too busy to memorize and understand all the contents from textbooks I couldn't think something in a creative way. Thus I think my creativity was killed at that time. 2. I think the students talented in art dance sports music science should be in the specialized schools such as art schools or science high schools. Under the structured organized activities students don't have enough time to encourage creativity. Encouraging creativity is important but promoting cooperation and conformity to society's values also crucial for students. Therefore schools should make an effort to balance two values Encouraging creativity and promoting cooperation and conformity to society's values. 3. We can create something new by learning. Learning encourages and supports the output of creativity. For example many of great copy writers studied literary or language because knowledge of language supports them to make fascinating and impressive copy. Also Cheol su Ahn a famous computer engineer and CEO of an IT company in Korea could accumulate his knowledge in his high school even though he quit his original job medical doctor. Sometimes learning evokes or stimulates someone's creativity or sense of curiosity. However not all learning is creative. If someone is really talented in art science or dance it is better to go to specialized schools. 4. Flow is the state of timeless concentration especially about creativity. A few months ago I made a calendar by myself with photos taken by my husband and me. At that moment I experienced flow. To make something new requires creativity and I loved making the calendar. I concentrated a few hours on making it. To create this experience for individual learners finding what they want to do should be done first. Therefore schools should know what individual students are interested in or like to do. Also schools should increase classes which students can make their own answers rather than teach theories make student just read books and test them.
