3 P. 96 I think in order to encourage creativity and learning school need to have more art classes or write essay classes. Because creating activity such as art and write essay is the best way to encourage creativity. If I organize schools I'll increase the number of art classes and writing classes in language class. 1 A. Surveillance is to give more pressure than observation. Observation is just watching students to do themselves. Evaluation is someone do for other people self assessment is someone do for themselves. Rewards is someone give for other people when they do something well recognition is even if someone gives nothing other people and I know that I do something well. Competition is fight with other personal achievement is fight with self. Control is to give more pressure support is just give help. Restricting choice is someone cannot choose other thing not arranged choice but guidance is someone can choose other thing with reference of guidance. Pressure is other people make me do something goal setting make me do something myself. B. In my high school I had to study in school until 10pm after class. And then Because teacher restrict student not to go their home after class many students leaved school even though they didn't study hard. 2 Structured organized activity can disturb increasing individual creativity if the structured organized activity is much strict. Yes schools have the responsibility to encourage creativity in individual children promote cooperation and conformity to society's values. Both can be accomplished in the same school. 3 I think learning help creativity and also creativity help learning. But all learning is not creative. No I can't think the situation where important learning occurs in spite of controls by school. Even though the learning is really important if school controls the learning not to occur the learning definitely doesn't occur. 4 1 Year before when I was in college of Korea though it was not when I was child. I had much homework to make image in my major class. I had to wake up until really late night but the homework was interesting. I think it was my major's homework I want to do so I was interested. The interesting can an individual learner do to create this experience. In reality though it's difficult schools help students to find their interesting early not just make students study to enter university.
