Do you know what happiness is WellMy mother said Your happiness is mine! Bush thought it was catching a black sea bass weighing about 6. 8 Pounds! SpongeBob only said I am ready! Me My happiness comes from sugars and toys feelings and peoples you may think that sugar and toys bring happiness only to children but everybody is a child somewhere inside I certainly am. I like sugar because it is sweet. A wais guy said Life is a sugar box you will never know what's next at least I know it will be sweet. Life is hard sometimes . What I need is sweet form sugar. So sugar is kind of hope to me. And I believe hope brings happiness. Furthermore toys are even better because when I play those toys I can be a hero and save the world an architect who builds a toweror a pilot who travels traveling the river of imagination . I can take a breath from real life for a moment. Some people think when we grow up we change but what we always have is sugar and toys and I am happy just like when I was a child! A way that makes me happy is to see to listen and to feel. Have you ever lain down on the grass with the wind softly sweeping your face When you watch the blue sky the cloud looks like a monkey and next second it changed to a flower. Just imagine t millions of stars in the night sky is shining just for you. Those are feeling my 5 senses through them I can feel the world. Happiness won't find you you have to feel them. Just like another wais man said life is fast very fast. If you don't stop and look around sometimes you will miss a lot including happiness! Go listen some soft music when you tired go touch some plant. You will see how beautiful world we are living. And you will be happy like me! My last and biggest happiness is from people! It's been with my family my friends my loves. This includes the time when I have dinner with my entire family not only at Spring Festival but every holiday a thing called happiness is in the air . Happiness is me and my friends singing tougher laughing and dancing . It is relationship between people and people! Happiness can be contagious! That is my happiness toys sugars feeling and people . Can you find your happiness . Some one spend their entire life catching happiness what they don't know is happiness accompanies with you from the beginning. Just smile! Because the whole world will smile with you. Like the old famous ending hope you live happy ever after!!
