Page 96 3 I believe that schools can do a better job and let the children to create more. Will be great if all children have access to instruments music and all kinds of arts. Teachers can use creativity to transform a bored class in an interesting one for example we can use arts and paints to teach history or literature. Page 100 1. A Dictionary and thesaurus Surveillance is a CLOSE observation of a criminal or suspect. It isn't just a simple observation. Evaluation Evaluate something or someone. To form an idea of the amount or value Self assessment evaluation of oneself performance at a job or learning task Rewards a thing given in recognition of achievement Recognition appreciation for an achievement Competition to compete with someone Personal achievement personal goals that you have Control you have the power to influence or direct people's behavior. Support Give assistance Restrictive choice you don't have a change to choose whatever you want you just can choose between thing that was gave to you. Guidance the directing of the motion or position of something Pressure the use of influence or intimidation to make someone to do something Goal setting is when you discriminate your destination of life work etc B I am sure that I wasn't encouraged about arts at school at all. My school was very restrictive. 2 I believe that with structured and organized activities some students cannot have freedom to create but in an individual creativity some of them are allowed to flow and create in a free way. I believe that schools can be capable to provide both because there are students that need to be more oriented and others that just need to be encourage. In my opinion it is possible to have both kinds of students in the same class. 3 I believe that it is more enjoyable when teachers use creativity to teach something even though it is mathematics or history. Not all learning is creative but I believe we have an enormous capacity to learn. However parents can contribute and stimulate their kids to learn better. 4 Flow means the ultimate state of creativity . Children have time and freedom to be absorbed by creativity and satisfaction. I believe schools can promote more activities that allowed children to have freedom to create things by themselves. They can suggest something but don't interfere.
