Happiness Some people looking for happiness but they don't know what it means. It is a sense of joy and enjoy fuse together. Some people think you will get it if you have a lot of money. Some of them think if you have a family or even find your love you will be happy. In my opinion it will come to you if you are successful in your life. I am going to write about situations where happiness is important with your family in your job and in your relationship. Happiness with your family sometimes a family needs some help like money or someone take care of them. So if you help your family from the beginning of your life you will learn how to bear responsibility and if you grow with this feature it will help you in your career and personal life especially when starting a family. Also you will feel the atmosphere of love when you help them and this feature is going to filter your personality and the success of your personality too. So my advice is you should help your family to get a lot of experience that you will not get it from your study and you will get a lot of love that you will not find it from people. Happiness in you job the important of this part is you should get the job what you love doing. If you do what you love you will not have any pressure and you will give your work more and more of your self. Also teaching someone in your job about something they don't know will make you happy. Also creating something new in your job will help you make more money. Therefore. You can make achieve happiness in your job if you take the right steps. Happiness in you relationship the big issue from this subject is what you learned about relationships when you were a child not only in you home but also in your school. So if you had a bad relationship with you schoolteacher or even with your classmates you will do the seam thing with doctors your classmates or with your manger at work. Then you will not have any friends which you will feel unhappy. Also you should be honest in your relationship to get respect people. Therefore you should be more flexible and more respect in your relationships to be happy with all people around you. In conclusion you have read about happiness with a family happiness in your job and happiness in your relationship and you saw how it was linked with being successful. So you should be successful in your life to get your happiness.
