Q 3 p. 96 I would organize the schools to encourage the creativity by choosing the qualified teacher who is interesting in improving the hiding skills for children as well as the subjects which teach in the school is a crucial element in creativity. According to Dr. Amabile in the Creative Spirit that he clarified the main creativity killers he advised to foster the inherent motivation in our children. Dr. Amabile p. 96 Q 1. A P. 100 Observation to pay attention to the children and how they success or achieve and not constant However Surveillance is watching the children and hovering over them and let them more dependent in achieving the task. Evaluation is an assessment which is done by teacher about the accomplishment of the children and using the grades while self assessment is done by the child himself and this give more confidence in how much he knows or not. Reward use prize for children but recognition the people acknowledge the skill of his work and recognize the value. Competition is putting the children in group to win and compete with others to get the top. On the other hand the self achievement is the person does the task from strongly desire to acquire what he is looking for. Control is telling the kids exactly how to do things and instruct them in their duty but the support is to enhance the skills of the kids and guide them to the right way by giving them the reason to convince. Restricting choice is telling the children what they should do mandatory without looking to their opinion or interest unlike the guidance which is more flexible with children and guide the kids on their own invent or work. Pressure is to train the children subjects that they are not interesting in and force them to follow specific plan. However the goal setting is to train the children based on their interest or the desire that they like. Q. 1. B P. 100 From my experience in school I was engrossed in playing soccer and I spent most of the time out the home but my creativity was inhibited by my parents and they deprived me of going outside home. At that time I was eager to play more and I asked myself why it backfired because I didn't care too much about school. In the current times I totally thanks my parent specially my mom who many times gave me money if I got a high score in school as a kind of promotion because they noticed something that I couldn't feel. It is extremely crucial that parents and teachers have the ability to foster the creativity in their children. Q. 2 P. 100 From my point of view that the relationship between organized structured activity and individual activity that structured activity can be controlled by the school or community to guide the children while the individual is inherently skills the children have natural inclination to their interest. The relation is that the structured and organized activity can reveal the hiding creativity of the children to develop it. The school and the family are the responsible to encourage creativity. Also it is easy to apply both in one school to foster the children and prevent clear competition between the children. Both of that reflect to each other by benefit. Q. 3 P. 100 The relationship between the learning and the creativity that learning follow the guidelines of the school while creativity is known after learning because the children may tend to specific skill rather than other after knowing much information. We can educate our children in particular during the holidays and breaks of the children because the kids have completely known that there no more hover on them. This gives them the opportunity for creativity in their desire. Q4 P. 100 Flow means when the children has started an activity with a great deal of energy and enthusiasm. The last time I experienced is when I was in high school while I was addressing every morning front of the students. The individual learner is a desire and encourage from the teachers. The school should have the qualified teachers and perfect diverse subjects and also promote by the parents.
