1. A. Surveillance makes people feel more stress because a person who supervises you might correct you or check your work but observation means people are just beside or behind you and watch you without bothering. Evaluation makes people care about their performance because they might be graded by someone but self assessment is different the score authority belongs themselves. Reward makes people focus on surface profit and become realistic but sincere recognition really has encouraging effect. Competition makes people only care about win and lose but personal achievement transfers focus to their progress. Control makes people feel heavy pressure however support encourages people. Restricting choice limits people's thinking it's passive. Guidance gives people direction and makes more flexible space to people. Pressure makes people have negative thinking but goal setting makes people feel positive and active. 1. B. When I was senior in University I have taken a drama therapy class. In class our discussion was open and everyone was allowed to share anything which we wanted to say. The teacher encouraged us to try to express our feelings and thinking so even though we howled cried or said some dirty words we all knew we still were understood. That class has made the teacher and student closer. 2. I think both of structured activity and individual creativity can be accomplished in the same school although it is very hard. Structured activity should give children a general direction which let them discriminate right and wrong. Under the structured activity's wings teachers should give children enough space to develop themselves. 3. Learning is a process which there is something could be known or understood however there is nothing of creativity should be learned in creativity everyone can be his teacher. I think the most important learning occurs in spite of control by school is self perception . This learning is innate and spontaneous from an individual. 4. Flow also called flow experience it was pointed by Csikszentmihalyi in 1975. It means that a person is completely involved in doing something which makes him really enjoy the process and feel a great deal of excited that is flow. I had a flow when I interned in an elementary school. I have taught two students to be storytellers and got the champion of Taipei city finally. That experience made me convince that I love teaching. Flow is an internal experience which can not be given. So if schools want to promote children's flow give them more time and more space to experience themselves. As long as they are under a creative environment they have chance to experience flow! 5. According to the article If intrinsic motivation is one key to a child's creativity the crucial element in cultivating is time open ended time for the child to savor and explore a particular activity or material to make it his or her own. So schools should encourage creativity and learning by giving children more time and space.
