Discussion Composition 1. A. Surveillance observation Surveillance means to observation a person constantly especially one under control. It may make children feel uncomfortable or nervous and prevent their creativity. If people just observe the children stilly once in a while and don't interrupt them the children can flow with their own rhythm. B. Offer require My previous elementary school offered students different activity groups such as singing group dancing group instrument group and so on. My teacher required me to attend the singing group and instrument group which I was not interested. However it's not bad for me but if I could chose by myself to attend the painting group I might become an excellent designer now. 2. I think the structured organized activity and the individual creativity are both necessary. The difficulty is how to allocate the time to do both. In most cases children are required to do organized activities and they have no time to improve individual creativity. I think all of schools know the importance of creativity but they still focus on promoting cooperation and conformity to society's valued. Indeed it's difficult to let the children do whatever they want at school because there are not enough teachers to attend to individuals. If schools could reduce some courses the children could have more time to do in which they are really interested. 3. I don't think all learning are creative but I think all learning control by school are important. Children learn history and language which have nothing to do with creativity. But they also learn many things which can inspire them to create something. 4. Flow is an action that children extend their creativity ultimately without interruption. I experienced flow when I was a child. I always draw pictures alone after school. My mother said that all of my paintings are excellent. I appreciate my mother giving me much free time so that I could do anything I wanted. I think schools can offer children different activities and let them chose what they want to do. Children can do these activities with peers or alone without teachers. Same answer for P96
