1 It is funny but I often think about this subject in my free time. Venezuelan's education system is not good enough. Venezuelan 's have never had he choice to select their subjects. I think that that would be the first thing I would change. I would make some of the courses requirements and I will let students choose the rest of them. Of course there would be some subjects that only those who have the best grades could take. I believe that a little of competition it's always good. Then I would promote between teachers the use of technology classes like the one's we have in the Labs were the student can go at their own speed and can ask questions when needed. Also I would like to promote the design of fun game like Nintendo or Xbox in witch kids could learn Geography and History. For example a video game of racing cars that went thought the main cities in Venezuela or though out the European countries. A search of the treasure around the world for geography It' s impressive how kids learn wild they are relax. My little cousin who is into cars knows by heart all the streets of New York just because my uncles bought him a game that race in NY. So how knows maybe tomorrow book will be video games and mothers will have problems convincing their kids it is time for bed. Mother but I need to study a little bit more I have not jet gotten to the A level!!! Hahahaha. 2 A Observation leaves more freedom to the person. When you are surveillance you have to do what you were told or you will be punished in observation they are just looking at what your are doing but not expecting to intervene if something goes wrong. Ex When you are doing a test and the teacher decides to read what you are writing. It drives me crazy I just can think like that. B evaluation ca be done by someone else self assessment is by you. Ex When you think a question is Ok but in fact you left your imagination fly and the teacher welcome's you in reality with a cero. C Reward is a price recognition is just that they acknowledge that you were right. Ex I wan a lollypop last week because my answer to the listening teacher question was right. D competition is with your peers personal achievements is with yourself or for yourself. Ex The first drawing competition in our school was frustrating we were all so exited with our jobs until the judges deliberated I we discover that our art pieces weren't that good. E Control is when they tell you what to do. Support is when they let you make your own decision. Ex When I went to France my mother supported my decision. F Restricting choice meaning they choose for you guidance they suggest witch is the appropriate choice. Ex My husband suggested that I should take my speaking classes even if I thought I didn't need them. G Pressure the feeling that you get when you have to do a difficult task goal setting is what you want to achieve but not necessarily what you need to achieve. Ex My goal was to graduate from engineering school. 3 Structure organized activity and individual creativity. It seems like this three words are totally apart but it s not true you need some kind of organization and structure to let your mind flow and create a valuable work for you and others. For Ex yesterday I wanted to do an art project a Collage of Pictures for my bathroom first I had to be organize I had to go search for the glue the magazine the structures were I was going to put them. Then I needed to structure a little bit what I wanted to do Figure out which were going to be m central pieces. After that I unleashed my creativity and as a result the collage was very beautiful. The schools have help student develop in all the ways they have o encourage creativity values friendships knowledge . And the most important they have to teach them were to use this skills Kids have to know that is OK to be creative when doing an art project but that they can't use their creativity painting in the supermarket walls. Schools can provide this integral education by doing numerous activities in different fields. 4 The relation between creativity and learning is that people learn better when the information is presented in a creative way that makes them analyze it. Schools have to have control over the kids if not it would be impossible to coexist in peace. An I think a control clean and nice environment is the perfect place to be creative. 5 A flow is an state of mind where you are the most creative. The last time that happened for me was yesterday. I was delaying having to prepare my resume because I think it is very hard task. But yesterday as always when I am under pressure I just sat and got illuminated. I wrote until I finished. Schools are organized to promote flow with the homework. Kids can take all the time they want to create papers art pieces etc.
