Study Abroad and Study in Taiwan After working for a period of time some people may want high positions such as managers. However there are only few high positions in most companies. Others already graduated form colleges may pursue further education. When you decide to pursue further education you have two main choices studying abroad or studying in Taiwan. It is not easy to make when you do not understand the differences. There are three initial differences between graduate schools in Taiwan and in America tuition reputations and promotion opportunities in the future. First of all there is a huge gap between the tuition in Taiwan and in American. For example the cost of most of the graduate schools in Taiwan is about three thousands to five thousands US dollars for one semester. However it costs more than ten thousands US dollars for only one semester when you study in American. It depends on the school. Take the cost of MBA programs for example it is about fourteen thousands for the University of Pittsburgh but it costs more than twenty thousands just for one semester for the CMU. In addition the cost of life in the US is more expensive than in Taiwan. Therefore you have to pay four to six times of money to get your master degree. Secondly the reputation of schools is also a crucial factor. To be honest it is not easy to attend to a respected graduate school in Taiwan. It is believed that it is very competitive. Especially you must be one of the elites to be able to attend to the best one. However the ranking of the best graduate school in Taiwan is not in the top one hundred in the world. Compared to the graduate schools in Taiwan there may be about 50 schools in the US that are in the top one hundred ranking. Furthermore most of the top one hundred schools in the US are well known in the world. Therefore choosing a high reputation school is thought to be a better choice. Finally you will have more promotion opportunities and satisfying salaries when you have a respected diploma. Particularly you have a master diploma in the top one hundred schools in the US. To illustrate if you are trying to find a job in a multinational company your international experiences and education training are your best advantages. Moreover having a diploma from top one hundred schools in the US means you have enough English communicate abilities talking to foreign people. On the other hand if you prefer to work in a local company the employers may see local culture more important. In conclusion the three main differences of graduate schools in Taiwan and in America are tuition reputations and salaries in the future. Before you make a decision you should c thoughtfully. A decision may totally change your whole life in the future.
