Cooking by Themselves is Better Than Eating Out Many people think that cooking by themselves is better than eating out. Moreover they believe that cooking by themselves can save their money and make their lives longer than eating less nutritious meals at restaurants. In addition they can eat more sanitary meals if they cook by themselves. On the other hand some people think that eating out is better than cooking by themselves in terms of saving time as well as saving energy and convenience. They can have a delicious meal at a restaurant without dealing with many preparing steps for cooking. To begin with cooking by themselves is cheaper than eating out. They have to spend much money for eating out. Especially if they take their boyfriends or girlfriends to go out for dinner they have to choose good restaurants with good atmosphere and service in order to make their boyfriends and girlfriends to satisfy with them. Those good restaurants might have an expensive cost. In contrast they can manage their budget if they cook by themselves by shopping good ingredients in local markets because prices in the local markets are cheaper than prices in big supermarkets. Another example is that they have to spend money around USD 40 for two people in case they want to eat out in a general restaurant. On the contrary they will spend money less than USD 40 to cook the same dishes as they ordered in a restaurant for two persons in case they cook by themselves. Second it is better for their health to cook by themselves. Most restaurants like to put a monosodium glutamate MSG on food so as to make food tastes are better. Consuming MSG is not beneficial for their health. MSG can cause many diseases for them in the near future. Moreover ingredients which restaurants use are not as good as ingredients that they bought it by themselves. Sometimes produces and meat are not in a good condition or almost spoil but the owners of the restaurants do not want to lose their profit so they insist to use those products. In contrast Consumers can avoid those deteriorated health causations if they choose to cook by themselves. Furthermore cooking by themselves is a benefit for their health. Third cooking by themselves is more sanitary than eating out. They can be aware about cleanliness in every step of cooking if they cook by themselves. Additionally they can wash their produces before cooking so as to get rid of residue pesticide. On the other hand they cannot know how cleanliness the restaurants they eat are because they cannot see the processes of cooking. Generally chefs have to cook big amount of food in time constrain in order to serve food to customer on time. For this reason they do not have time to make ingredients as clean as possible. For example sometimes employees prepare ingredients after using a restroom without washing their hands because they are in hurry. It causes an unsanitary method of cooking. In conclusion cooking by themselves is better than eating out as the reasons mentioned above. Cooking by themselves can save money in their pockets. Furthermore it can make their lives healthier than eating out because of eating more nutritious meals with sanitary cooking processes. Moreover they can adapt cooking as a family activity which helps bonding the relationship of family members together.
