Friday 2 26 2010 Writing 5S Comparison Essay Alejandra Parra Pancakes Eggs or Yogurt Pancakes eggs or yogurt these are the types of choices that my mother has to confront since early in the morning each day. My brothers and I are physically very alike but our personalities couldn't differ more. For instance Kakike the younger one likes egg for breakfast big meal full of proteins. ANON_NAME_0 the older one however sneaks out of the house with out eating those days because he knows that it will take a lot of time to be serve and he is always in a hurry. When they do pancakes it is my turn to sneak out. I won't have that much calories so early in the morning. And finally both of the boys complain when they serve either yogurt or cereal because they claim they get hungry in the middle of the morning. Breakfast is not the only thing in which we differ our rooms in the perfect expression of our differences. Kakikes room is the smallest. He doesn't have many things in it. His bed was my uncle's old one. It is a beautiful dark wooden bed that he had made bigger because he didn't fit in a regular size one. Contrasting with the beautiful bed he has a horrible desk that my mother was going to through out years ago when they placed it in kakikes room temporary . But as kakike never complained the desk is still there. His walls are all cover with posters the curtains are always close and his dirty cloth basket is permanently overload because he is so lazy that he prefer to send it to clean before having to fold it and organize it. ANON_NAME_0 room in the other hand is the most organize all his furniture are from the same ensemble. His bed is always made and his closet well organized. You can not see the basket for he dirty cloth because is well arrange inside the closet. The walls are all neatly painted exposing a collection of all his diplomas. My room in contrast to my brothers is the biggest and usually the messiest of all. When it is clean it is also the prettiest I had all my furniture made in wood and steal. I have nice green curtains that are always open to allow light into the room and the walls are decorated with pictures of my fiends and me. The mess is always cause by my clothe you could tell when I have a bad cloth day Because I take the time to try it all on but not to organize it again into the closet. Our hobbies are also very different. When ANON_NAME_0 was little he made my father suffer. He didn't like to play team games like football or baseball my father favorites he likes sports like swimming and golf. Kakike in the other hand shared my father's loves for team sports. He is a serious basket player and a natural in all the other sports that include a ball or a board. I instead am a runner. I love 10k races and all kinds of dances. This difference made it difficult for my mother to schedule ours after classes' activities. She had to find places where they had many sports so that we could all find something to do. It is very interesting knowing that three personas as different as my brothers and me we race by the same parents and under he same roof. But although we sometimes fight over the difference we have learn to coexist in peace. We started by doing little compromise like the TV for example. When ANON_NAME_0 is alone he enjoys to watch the news or the discovery channel Kakike likes a thing called Mangas that are grown up cartoons and I like some reality shows as American Idol. But when we are together we all agree to watch a movie or a comedy series that entertains all of us. As we grow older the little compromise grow with us they tighten our relationship and became our strength. ANON_NAME_0 was the nerd with more girlfriends ever. Kakike gave him girly advice and I helped him dress trendy. ANON_NAME_0 in the other hand always had our back he revises our important papers and helped us stay out of trouble. Definitively there is nothing wrong about being different other than the morning fight between pancakes eggs or yogurt.
