Topic Common Law System and Civil Law System Law which is developed from custom tradition religious and principle is a system of rule that conduct people's behavior in a society and serves as a negotiator of relationship between people. The purpose of law is to maintain harmony and morality of the society and to make people live together happily. Nowadays there are at least four legal systems in the world such as Common Law System Civil Law System Religious Law System and Pluralistic System. However the focus of this essay is on Common Law System and Civil Law System. Jurists discriminate between Common Law System and Civil Law System in three main points judge's role lawyer's role and source of law. First countries in which adapt Common Law System experienced lawyers will be chosen to be a judge. Moreover Common Law System uses Adversarial system that is developed from trail by battle. Therefore judge's role in a court is to be a referee between litigants and also allows the accuser to choose to be judged by judge or juries. Jury trail is a legal proceeding that juries either make a decision or find a fact. By contrast countries which adapt Civil Law System student who graduated from law school need to go to Bar school and after that a government will has an exam for becoming a judge. Therefore judge in Civil law countries become a judge by career. Also Civil Law System uses Inquisitorial system which the court gets involve to find the fact in the case. Judge investigates the case by questioning witnesses. Moreover in Inquisitorial system has only a judge or group of judges who work together participate in the fact finding which means civil law does not have jury trail. Second Common Law system there are two kinds of lawyer called attorney and barrister that have a different duty in the same case. Attorney who is a member of legal profession represents a client in court and may act on behalf of the client also talk to the client and prepare documents. Barrister performs trail work and control courtroom by questioning litigants barrister does not deal with the client directly. On the other hand Civil Law System has only one kind of lawyer. Lawyer is someone who is trained in the field of law and provide advice also represent the client in various case. Thus lawyer deals with the client directly as well as prepares documents for the client. Finally Source of Law Common law based on past judicial opinions which are considered more as a guide that a literal requirements. Because Common law's principle is if the fact and important point are similar litigants should get the same treatment. Judicial opinions called Case Law which are the primary source of law while statues and code are only interpreted narrowly. However Civil Law Source of law is based on legal statues and code. The principle of civil law is to provides all citizens with the accessible and written collections of law which judge must follow. Nevertheless interpretation for statues and code are also flexible for the judges to use their experiences in contrast to Common Law interprets statues and code narrowly. In conclusion while both Common law and Civil law serve a common function in regulating relationships and arbitrating infractions of the law the means of doing so differ primarily in the roles of the judge and lawyer and the source of law.
