Can Printed Books survive Last December the bookstore in my neighborhood was closed. Compared to the difficulty of the bookstore Amazon made huge profit by Kindle. It is said that the business of printed books faces difficult situation due to the spread of e books. Reading e books with e reader becomes popular recently. You can find many Internet columns and blog comments which explain how the e book is convenience. Actually e books have several notable characters which printed books do not have. Will printed books become outdated and extinct in near future Even though printed books have some disadvantages they also have their own merits which are equal to e book's merits. First both e books and printed books have each advantage about portability. It is often said that one of the e book's merits is its portability. Indeed Kindle or other e reader is thinner and lighter than hardcover books. For people who want to bring several books e books reduce the trouble of bringing bulky books. A thin tablet device can contain hundreds of books. People can choose and read a book which matches their feeling from their book list even though they are staying in another country. On the other hand printed books also have their own merit about portability. Printed books can be treated rougher than e books. The shock of falling causes not so much damage for printed books in contrast to e readers to which the shock could cause a breakdown. One can reads a printed book when waiting a bus at outside in a rainy day while it is difficult for e book users to use their device in same situation. In addition portability between friends or to lend books to friends is one of the advantages of printed books. Some e book systems provide the way to lend books to others but these functions are not as flexible as printed books. For example these functions often limit the period which a book can be lent. Second when books such as textbooks and references are used for study printed books have some merits as well as e books. E books have good affinity to other electric base information. For example built in dictionaries in e reader will be a very useful tool for the learner of the second language. Coordination between e books and electronic dictionaries makes possible to access to unknown words easier and more rapid than that of printed books and dictionaries. Furthermore search function enables people to reach the word which they want to know immediately. On the other hand printed books are suitable to write marginal notes. Although e books often have their own note function the handwriting notes or post it would be easier to write recall and scan than electrical comments. Handwriting notes on printed books helps learner's study effectively. In addition printed books can make opportunity to learn extra information. People tend to access to only the information which they want to know. In contrast to e books turning over the ANON_NAME_0 of printed books is interesting. Sometimes unknown word or picture caches reader's eye. Unexpected encounter for new information is one of the good points of printed books. Finally both physical existence of printed books and virtual existence of e books have their own merits and demerits. Volume and weight of printed books are common trouble for people who own a lot of books. Continuous accumulation of books gives them headache. Piles of books occupy a narrow house. Books are literally burden when people move to another house. E books have can release people from these trouble. People do not have to worry about the space for books if all of their books stored in an e reader. On the other hand physical existence of books can also become merits. A printed book is one of the good candidates for a gift to someone. E books can not be wrapped by paper or handed over to other. In addition books in bookshelf show owner's personality eloquently. It is not easy for book lovers to reduce books to put in limited space. But repeating selections creates their own bookshelves. One book may be the one its owner read over and over when he or she was a high school student. Other book may be the one which were bought in foreign country when the owner is traveling. Real books can be linked to memories more tightly because of its physical existence. In conclusion printed books have merits as well as e books. It can not be denied that e books are received by peoples. Bookstore's business will suffer more difficult situation for next ten years. But instead of recent trend the feeling of turning the ANON_NAME_0 of books and smell of books are special charm which difficult to quit. Although I own a Kindle I can not stop to hope that printed books survive this century.
