Saudi Houses vs. American Houses A few years ago I was sitting in my father's farm in Saudi Arabia in my hometown Jazan particularly watering the plants planting mango trees and feeding animals. On the same day at night my father and I started talking about what the best ideas we can do to change and improve the farm. We discussed many issues about the plants the animals and building a house at the farm beside the main house in the village. The discussion continued until we reached building the new house in the farm. My father told me about some differences between Saudi houses and American houses such as the materials of the houses the size of the houses and the design of the houses. First of all the material that used in each house is different. This means that Saudi houses usually have cement materials used in building these materials have many purposes in terms the strength and the resistance. Cement materials have the strength which people able to build more than one level and it can stay strong for a long time. In addition these types of materials resist the hot weather in this region and also keep the houses warm enough in the winter season. On the other hand houses in the United States of America USA have wood materials. People in USA usually have one level and the weather is different than in Saudi Arabia. Thus there is no necessity for cement materials while there is wood which can fit their situation. The second difference is houses' size in both countries. This means houses in Saudi Arabia are bigger than in USA family size has a big role in houses size. For example my family cannot live in such like American house because we are a big family contains twelve of brothers and sisters. On the contrary American will not live in a huge big and they are only two or three people because there will be extra places which it's not necessary. The third difference is the houses design. Houses in Saudi Arabia consist of two to three floors with roofs. There are walls around the houses to protect it from strangers or even robbery or from dusts because it is desert country mostly. Furthermore yards available in front and back of the house in most buildings in terms of showing a good appearance and help in heat absorption. While in USA houses' design is totally unlike Saudi houses triangle roofs of American houses will not allow rain and snow to accumulate on the roofs also it gives a nice view when you look at it. Unlike Saudi houses the American houses do not have walls around it some houses have a fence while another does not have it. American land known as natural and green land therefore plants and trees exist everywhere. In conclusion apparently houses in these two countries are different. This means each house has a special criteria differ than other depends on the culture life style and environment. Thus it is not appropriate to build similar houses in a place that people will not adapt and relax on it. It is obviously that houses in Saudi Arabia and USA are different in equipments of the houses dimensions of the houses and finally shape of the houses. My father and I would consider all these factors of building a house in Saudi Arabia and think deeply about all that issues to avoid any conflict in the future might affect the building and affect our life style too.
