Childhood Before or After Childhood use to be an amazing period of time in our lives that we can discover the world or even though our yard and be amazed about it. It is a period of time without anxious and stress. A period of time in which we just have to be a kid as simple as the word means. A time to be free as a kid should be without an agenda to follow restrictively. However as the time passed by the childhood is changing and adapting to these new situations. Technologies such as Internet television new kinds of toys and games have changed the way that children play. Even though the innocence and the safety are not the same years ago. In the past childhood used to have a different flavors the flavor of feel free to play with our creativity and make our own toys the flavor of travel and explore the world just with our imagination without any kind of special equipment and the flavor of to have time to do everything without lost our excitement. Before the technologies we have an enormous time to play with our friends and create playing by ourselves. We did not have access to television all the time and we did not have a great amount of programs for kids or maybe we really preferred to play outside which were more appreciated and enjoyable for us. The innocence was present in ours lives for a long time. We were not anxious to grow up fast or give a step forward in the future just because the life was not unbalanced and accelerated as we can see today. The life had the correct pace without rush. The safety was not a real problem in the past. The kids used to play on the streets without fear and they used to know the neighbor next to their houses. There was a kind of sense of protection between our neighbors. Nowadays the technologies are present all the time in a kid's life. The easy access of Internet and games assault a great amount of time for kids to play. They spend an enormous period of time in front of a computer or a television. Play outside is not so fun anymore and be connected is cool . All theses expositions of technologies make kids grown up fast and the innocence is just a brief period of time during the infancy. It is not really fun play pretend anymore if you are not a little boy . They prefer to play with the latest toys and games which are easily available. Safety is other immense problem in childhood today. Kids cannot play outside as they used to do in the past because of the violence. Pedophiles and all kinds of criminals are a nightmare for parents nowadays especially with the use of Internet to make friends without knowing if the person in the other side it is telling the truth. It is terrifying. Childhood in the past was different in many ways. We used to have a great time playing just with our imagination and creativity without any kind of modern equipment or toy however nowadays these technologies are a part of ours kid's life. We cannot stop evolution and the future however we can preserve some habits from the past to make a better childhood.
