Some of my happiest professional experiences of my life were when I was working as a nurse. I was filled with a tired feeling meanwhile I always felt happy when I saw satisfaction in patients' faces and I was glad that my effort had been rewarded. I experienced the ultimate bliss. I can be happy when I achieve a feeling of satisfaction have a feeling of accomplishment and sense a feeling of fulfillment. First I get a feel of satisfaction for my happy life. For example when the patients recover from their illness I can achieve a feeling of satisfaction because of my part in helping them. My work ethic is motivated by a feeling of well being because the most important benefit of this job is personal satisfaction in helping people. In addition I feel more complete when I actively pursue my goals such as becoming a certified nurse of critical care medicine and transplantation coordinator. The feeling of satisfaction leads to my happiness. Second I can feel a sense of accomplishment for my happy life. I get a sense of accomplishment after working. For instance it is usually difficult for a bedridden patient to turn in bed. The patient does work hard to rehabilitate from the disease's aftereffects. At that time I support the patient and share a definite goal that is functional independence. When the patients achieve their goal I can share the feeling of achievement. As a result I can achieve a feeling of accomplishment. The feeling will be directly linked to happiness. Finally I can feel fulfillment for my happy life. I set a challenging target then my everyday life will become exciting and fruitful and I will gain fulfillment from the experience. Fulfilling life affects every aspect of my being such as a spirit of engagement and a spirit of willingness. I try to willingly take on unpleasant chores. For example when the patient cannot accept his seriously disease I am actively engaged him until he can face to his disease even if I continue to work overtime. My If I cannot find fulfillment in my life I will live a petty life. Therefore the feeling of fulfillment is important for me and it will result in peace of mind. What are the values that make my life happy There are three conditions that are a feeling of satisfaction a feeling of accomplishment and feeling a sense of fulfillment. Doing what needs to be done to reach my goal leads to keeping emotional and mental well being. Furthermore these processes will bring about my happy life.
