Science and technology now have been more advanced than many decades ago. It is believed that high techniques not only enhance the quality of our life but also make our life more convenient. It shortens distance between countries and people and triggers our world to become a small village. Skype which is the most popular online communication software has become a trendy media as well as a cell phone. Both of them have several features in common such as easily operating by an individual talking friends who live in other countries and contacting with other people immediately. However a comparison between Skype and cell phone reveals some surprising differences in quality price and location. First of all the quality of communication is a basic requirement. No one wants to be interrupted because of unstable signal. Although Skype is a useful program to contact with people it will be unstable if you use talking function and webcam at the same time. Therefore based on this point the quality of communication in cell phone is better than Skype. However there is a shortcoming of cell phone's webcam which is the screen is too small. Thus when people who want to see each other try to use a webcam they still always choose Skype. Second price issue is always concerned and that is why Skype is so popular because it is free! Only one thing you have to do is apply for a new account on Skype program and log in then you can contact with your friends who stay at anywhere in the world as long as they also have accounts on Skype. Therefore Skype is considered to be international students' favorite. Now in order to compete with cell phone market Skype also have some telephone programs which contain the cheaper price than that of the cell phone. So you can pay normal telephone rates the same as international phone via network. If people who have lived abroad for a long time are used to use cell phone and also want to save money they can buy a specific international telephone card. Although it is more expensive than Skype's program it is still a good way to save money. Finally location is a crucial factor to affect Skype and cell phone. Cell phones are light and easy to carry. However presently even the lightest computer is almost two pound. Moreover Skype is restricted by network of the location. If you don't have network then your will not gain access to Skype. Even though you can search wireless network outside you might worry about the information security problem. According to this point cell phone is indeed more useful and safer than Skype when you contact with people outside. In conclusion the main purpose of the technical advancement is bring us a more convenient and ideal life. People have more options to choose when they want to contact with someone. It depends on their circumstance and needs. If you can try to evaluate these three parts which are quality price and location you will have an enjoyable communication with others in a money saving way.
