A Successful Person A successful person in my mind is my mother because she is an independent and kind woman. Firstly she is very independent whether she is a boss and a mother. For instance she is the boss of a trading company and she's owned this company for six years. When she established her business she didn't have anything to organize the business. At the beginning the bank made a loan to my mom. She used a loan to place her office recruited staffs and connected customers with her own abilities. No one helped her until she recruited some staffs. Even though she has some troubles in her company she usually solves problems by herself. On the other hand she is also a mother in my family and she takes care of my brother and me very well. When we studied at school she helped us to pay tuitions and gave us supplies because my father never supports her for he must take care of my grandmother. Besides she tries not to let her business interferes with our home life and takes care of us very well. I've never heard my mom say that she can't hold on to everything between company and family. Hence my mother is a very independent woman because she can handle everything by herself and she succeeds in her company and family. Secondly my mom is a very kind person because she thinks if we give more we can get more. She often donates gifts or money to charities and goes to the hospital to serve patients when she has free time. She is happy when she receives some cards from people who have already got my mom's help. She is also kind to her employees. For example her employee's son has septicemia and he must live in hospital for a long time. My mom gave her employee some money to support her and told her not to worry about her job and that she could come back to work when her son's situation is stable. My mother successfully helped her employee to pass difficult days. Therefore I'm so proud of my mother for her independence and kindness. That is why she is a successful person in my mind.
