Last month my husband and I went to Key West in Florida and the Bahamas. After we got Key West we went to the public beach in front of our hotel. Swimming in the ocean was one of things I had been looking forward to so I went into the sea without any hesitation but my husband didn't. He told me later that he had a hunch. In fact something bad happened to me. As I went offshore I felt a bit uncomfortable. I didn't know the exact reason I felt that way but maybe the reason might have been that the sea didn't have see through water. When I saw a blue object floating in the sea I thought it was a plastic bag. I was looking at it for a while thinking he or she shouldn't have thrown it away into the sea. When I took next step forward I felt my legs hurt so much. I got a sudden and clear understanding about what happened. I was stung by a jellyfish. The blue plastic bag which I thought it was was a blue jellyfish. I was panicked and didn't know what to do. I'd never been stung by a jellyfish so I had no idea about the treatment. I just got back to my husband got rid of parts of the jellyfish that was clinging to my legs and put a bag of ice on my legs. Maybe I should have asked a hotel staff about the treatment I should have done or I could have searched the Internet to get some information about the jellyfish and the treatment. If I had done those it might have given some difference on the stings. Moreover I could have retreated from the sea when I saw a blue plastic bag. I even could have stayed with my husband without going into the sea or maybe my husband could have told me that he had a bad hunch. Maybe I should never swim in the sea. I could swim in a pool and might listen to my husband hunch next time. After Key West we visited the Bahamas. Our hotel had an aquarium which was huge and so beautiful and had various kind of fish. I was so excited about seeing it. At the time I was walking along while seeing fish and holding the card key of our hotel room which made us not only enter our room but also buy things and food in the hotel because we'd registered my husband's credit card number on it. Maybe I was too excited so when I got in front of lobsters' tank I noticed that I didn't hold it. I was panicked because that meant the same as I lost his credit card. We looked around everywhere we walked to find it. We went back and forth the same place over and over. However we finally couldn't find the card. We went to the front desk and asked her to make the card invalid. If I had been more careful I might not have lost it. Maybe I should have put it in my bag at least in my pocket or I shouldn't have been too excited like a child and should have taken more grown up actions. Phew a lot of regret. What a trip it was. I should act more calmly and never hold a card key while walking around. I should not hold any keys and could ask my husband to keep them. Anyway I should pay more attention to my security.
