Everyone wants to achieve happiness. So people try to find the causes of happiness. Now we have many ways that cause happiness. But three important psychological causes of happiness are that you have positive thinking you should focus on the present situation and you should have the satisfaction of basic human needs. The positive thinking helps you to find happiness about relationships with other people. When you have positive thinking you don't think about who wants to destroy you or what does he or she want to get from you. Then you can enjoy working talking living and making new friends with other people better than if you have negative thinking and when you have positive thinking you will have the real smiles. So when another people see your smiles they will want to talk with you. For example the student sends the essay to the teacher. After that the teacher corrects the essay and wants to the student changes the grammar or some sentence on the essay but the student believes the teacher is not fair and wants to destroy the student's idea. So the student worries and feels bad with the teacher. However the student will be happiness because the student believes the teacher wants to help the student achieve the best writing. If you observe your thinking you will think about the previous situation the future situation and the present situation. However some situations bring unhappiness to you. When these situations come in your mind could you answer the following questions please what is the important situation for you Can you come back to the previous situation Can you go to the future In fact you are doing talking reading and thinking right now. So you should think only about the present situation because it helps you focus on the real situation. You can do and change the situation in the way that you want when you focus on it. So you will be happiness because you can do it to best way you can do. For example the student worries about grade before taking the test therefore the student can't focus on the test the student can't do it very well or don't pass the test but the student can focus on the present situation or the test as the result the student can do the test very well and can pass the test and the student will be happiness because the student will get the high score or pass the test. Finally you can be happy when you have the satisfaction of basic human needs. The basic human needs are food clothes medicine and house. They help you happy in your life because when you are hungry you want to eat food and after you eat food you will be happy. Or when you feel cold and you want to feel warm you want to wear more clothes after you feel warm you are happy. Or when you are sick you must to take the medicine because it helps you good health. After you have the good health you will be happy. Or when you want to sleep you have the house for sleep. You will be happy. However if you want to get the jewelry you must have more money for buy it. Then you worry about how to get more money to buy it after you buy it you will worry about how to save it so the jewelry don't help you have good life and make you are unhappy. In conclusion three psychological causes of happiness are Positive thinking focusing on the present situation and having the satisfaction of basic human needs. They help you to achieve happiness in your job your health and your life.
