Living Alone or Living with a Roommate I have ever lived alone and with roommates. I'm living alone now nevertheless here is foreign country. One year ago I was living with three roommates for one semester in college dormitory of my county. The circumstances one is in my country another is in foreign country are affect my feeling and life however who I live with affects me more than just circumstance. Living out of home is popular in these days. Many people have problems about that. The significant problem is about a choice between living alone and living with roommates. Here is a deal to help the choice. Even if I couldn't refer which is the right choice because it is just the trouble depend on person I'll give some information to help the choice on the basis of my experience. There are three things to consider they are about loneliness restriction to do something and help to study. First it is about loneliness. When I lived alone to study for entering the college sometimes I feel depressed. I didn't know why I feel that and I thought this feeling is a result of studying. However that was just loneliness because of living alone. Though it is bad thing it can be a good thing. Because the lonely experience can be underpin of life in the later when I have a job. Definitely living with roommates makes me feel more comfortable than living alone. When I was living with roommates I had many a talk time to tell about ourselves and many things which is just chat. If you can't tolerate loneliness living with roommates is better choice than living alone. But if you want to be the stronger person living alone is also good choice. Second it is about restriction. When I live alone I can do anything I want to do. If I want to eat some food I like I can eat that anytime. On the other hand when I lived with roommates I usually asked them what you'd like to eat. And sometimes if I want to bring my friend in my home I can invite them to my home without any permit of other people when I live alone. On the contrary I can't invite my friend to my home without asking for my roommates' consent. Occasionally we disagreed about each other roommate's opinion when we had to decide something. The occasion makes us uncomfortable about each other. Restriction like that is normally a bad thing yet it can be a good thing. Because it is helpful to live rough life in which we have to solve problems with other people. Thus it is also up to your perspective to live if you want to choose the easy way or the tough way which has restriction. Third it is about help to study. It is a little bit distinct from two things which are above. It is the case when you are in foreign country to learn foreign language. If you want to go foreign country with a purpose of learning language living with roommates who are not from same country with you is really helpful to you. Unfortunately I'm living alone now even though I came to the U. S for learning English. I don't use English when I come back home after class. Unlike I do if you live with roommates who are foreigner you can have opportunities improving your English. However you have to know it can be hard to adapt to their culture. If you are concerned about the adaptation you can choose living alone. Which do you want to choose between living alone and living with roommates There isn't the right answer because it is really different by cases. Thus it is crucial problem to choose. Anyway Living alone and living with roommates both of them will be your precious experience in your life. And it might be helpful to live after you are a real adult.
