There was some interesting news revealed a situation that declining birth rate is a growing trend in developed countries which means couples in developed countries such as America Japan and Taiwan are reluctant to bear sons or daughters instead they kept pets. Some reports even indicated those families treated pets as their family members like children in Japan and parallel situation both happened in America and Taiwan. According to the information above it seems Taiwan's and America's family style have much features in common but there are also differences between Taiwan and America but it is not true. Depend on diverse culture or concepts people in different countries might have various kind of family structure. For example a whole framework of family in America usually consists of parents and children and somehow it might only consist of parents but the major portion of family structure in Taiwan usually consists of paternal grandparents parents and children. Compare Taiwan with America and there are some obvious differences of family structure between Taiwan and America. First of all the fundamental family framework of Taiwan differs from those of America. The majority of Taiwan's family usually consists of parents children and either paternal grandparents or maternal grandparents but America's family framework usually only composed of parents and children. In other words there are many young Taiwanese couples have lived with husband's or wife's parents and sibling since they got married which is a extended family but couples of America usually live apart from their parents which is a nuclear family. The phenomenon in Taiwan might be caused by economic issues emotional or inherent reliance of parents or culture styles and it will be resulted in a bottomless emotional and inseparable link between parents and grandparents. On the other hand the separately family style in America also has deep relation between couples and their grandparents even thought they live in different houses. However the depth of relation between parents and children in America might not be deeper than that in Taiwan sometimes. Another difference between Taiwan and America is the generation members of grandparents in a family. If grandparents were getting older and should be looked after by their children Taiwanese grandparents usually choose the oldest son's family to live with if the oldest son can't live with their parents the grandparents will choose the second or the third son's family but not daughters' family. If grandparents had sons but choosing to live with one of their daughter's family their sons might be misunderstood that they might be incapable of taking care of their parents or they were not filial children. In contrast to Taiwan American grandparents could have a reverse decision which is to choose one of their favorite daughters' family to live with otherwise move to a house where is located closer to a daughter's family but still live apart from their daughters' family and take care of each other by themselves. The principal diversity between Taiwanese and American grandparents' choice is that grandparents in America make this decision by choosing their favorite or idea but the grandparents in Taiwan make it by regular customs. Because of distinct culture and customs the family structure in Taiwan is quite different from that in America. In the same way Taiwanese and American have different points of view when they discussed the same issues like children' independent character or educational concepts. No matter what kind of family structure and what citizen of nation is people choose the best solution for themselves by their own way and consideration deliberately and that is not allowed to be judged with unreason rashly.
