Choosing between Rented Housing and Homestay When the ELI students come to the United States first they are worried which is better between rented housing and homestay. Most of them simply think rented housing is better because living alone is more comfortable. However this choice is not simple and they should consider many things related to American life. Sometimes living alone makes them inconvenient and rather homestay can eliminates loneliness from them. Staying with American native family has many advantages. For example although the ELI students come to the United States it is not easy to have a continuous relationship with Americans. Homestay makes it possible to have the relationship. On the assumption that a homestay owener are a normal Pittsbutgher who is kind whenever they want to talk they can communicate with their owner like when they watch TV or when they eat something. In addition when they have a question the owner would gladly want to provide helps. Sometimes they can enjoy a party with the owner. When I was the ELS students in the Point Park University one of my friends who is from Japan lived in homestay. The relationship between my friend and the owner is better. She always went with the owner to many parties which the owner was invited. So she could make many American friends. It is important to meet many Americans because the reason we come in the United Stated is not only to learn English but also to experience American culture. In addition compared to rented house homestay is cheeper. The ELI students can save money because they can share furniture and many stuffs which are usually not expensive and not neccessary but sometimes needed. If they decide to live alone they have to buy or borrow much furniture which is very expensive. Finally homestay might make them feel at home. When they miss their countries and family they can talk with the owner and the owner would try to make them feel better. Of course living alone might be more confortable because in my opinion people inherently like to have a independent place which is the most important factor to the students who choose living alone. The students enjoy freedom without any interruption and bring their friends home. For instance they can give a party. In the pary they can meet and make many different country friends which understand and share each student's problem in foreign country life which can make them get more closed with friends. In addition one of the most efficient way in learning English is to make a girl friend or boy friend. When they live alone it is easier to make a girl friend or boy friend because if they live in homestay they feel unconfortable. When they want to do something home they can do everything like late sleeping and late returning home and even they can get around in home without wearing clothes if they want to do. Everything related to choosing two ways depends on each student's character and lifestlye. Most of all they have to choose well depending on how to achieve their goal in the United States.
