Blackberry and I Phone Technology has changed our life especially after the rapidly development on this field for the last decades. For example computers nowadays can be used in many aspects such as academic entertainment and communication. In addition Mobile phone technology is not far from this mobiles have even added more functions to its primary purpose for instance with some mobile phones you can access to the internet and download many applications and more than that. The most recent trendy innovation is Black berry and iphone there are sever competition between the two manufacturers to reach customer satisfaction. Thus differences are existence in which customers can evaluate and choose what is suitable for them. First of all the design of the phone the iPhone design has made a revolution in Cell phone world. Keeping in mind that the recent Blackberries look smarter than before they are just a good looker but not attractive like the iPhone. If the design were a fad then there wouldn't be hundreds of iPhone Clone available in the market. The clones are selling only because it has the iPhone look. These days due to the development of advanced technologies cell phones are not used only for receiving and talking calls but can also stores important data takings cameras download software etc. Therefore one of impotent features that people consider is application accessibility. The developers of the applications for Blackberry use an outdated tool which limits the application diversity. On the other hand the iPhone is the easiest device to develop applications for in which thousands of developers developing millions of applications for the iPhone. Another important difference is the keyboard in terms of how it would be look like. Blackberry has a full QWERTY keyboard which is excellent for fast and accurate typing. Whereas virtual keyboard in the iPhone takes time to master typing ability. Therefore the blackberry will give you the feeling of using your computers keyboard which for some it is a convenience instead of having to learn how to type on a virtual keyboard. The last feature which can be considered the most important feature is the camera of the cell phone. Most of the Blackberries have better camera than the iPhone. For example The Blackberry Storm has a 3. 2 MP camera with image stabilization auto focus white balance variable zoom and flash. On the other hand the iphones has just 2. 0 MP cameras. In conclusion after addressing all these differences people can evaluate and chose which phone is the best for him in term of his interests and need. Moreover it is difficult to say which one is better because it is matter of preferences.
