1 a They all are synonyms make the sentences more obvious and understandable. But it depends of how and when we use them in which term and tense. The only difference between them is the right words are more formal than the left words. B I experienced my creativity when I was in the elementary school drawing and painting a nice paints and I was promoted by my art teacher and my father because my father has been painting for a long time ago since he was a kid. And my grandfather encouraged my father to stick with his creativity unless he sustains it perfectly. My teacher has done the right thing when he was promoting me. He gave me the materials I need for free and use it whenever I need them. And what my father has done for me as promotion and motivation was exactly the same of my grandfather had done for him. 2 Being structured means strict. But organized activity and individual creativity makes children more eagerly creative and impress people. The school has the most responsibility to make its students creative or desperate by giving activities and showing student's inclinations. 3 Without creativity learning will not be efficient. It is known that when teachers become more creative in the way they teach it is much easier for the student to remember the actions than a set of notes. It provides the child more motivation to learn more which needs unlimited time in doing that. 4 Flow is the ultimate state of creativity where time does not matter. A person can experience this while doing something they enjoy doing and dedicate all their time and thoughts to it. The last time I experienced flow was when I had to design a software in a computer program when I was back home in Kuwait for my university. I love anything that has to do with computers so this was one of the best moments I had trying to solve it and come up with the best out of it because I gave it all my time and effort. This should be organized in schools by providing the child with activities that they know they will love and want to participate in. Crafting ideas and being creative in the way the idea should cross to the child will be the best way to get their attention and make them interested.
