Male And female Behavior It is so interesting to know the fact of the differences in males and females behavior. Scientist's researches have been proofing many differences between males and females behavior. Aside from external anatomical and primary and secondary sexual differences scientists know also that there are many other subtle differences in the way the brains from men and women process language information emotion cognition etc. Additionally it differs when we say there are differences between male and female worldwide in general and giving specific details about male and female in other cultures. To clarify that when all these investigations began scientists were skeptical about the role of genes and of biological differences because cultural learning is very powerful and influential among humans. The following comparative paragraphs below will explain the differences between male and female behaviors in significant and specific paths such as human relations empathy and what process their body. First of all many differences are appeared between male and female behavior in human relations. To make it specific in relationships either if it same sex relationship or not. Scientist proofed that females tend to be better in relationship than males. They take it as a serious relationship with all of their hearts and sacrifice their life to keep the relations up and stick with it. In contrast males tend to be more careless and chaotic which ruin every big small deal between relationships. Also females are more romantic than males that anyone can convince her by telling romantic quotes but males tend to have a strong heart and feeling and they easily think get their honor insulted toward any problem. Secondly it is not even hard to recognize the differences between males and females through their empathy. The fact and the reality between people that males tend to have strong feeling than females. Everyone knows females are so sensitive and feminine toward any problem spiced up with some tensions and we will find them laying down crying and hitting the floor or the wall and speak haltingly. On the other hand males are naturally strong and masculine to understand the problems and can deal with it. Males are more powerful to conceal the empathy in their hearts and minds but females are known by disclosing and show everything if it is not by crying it will be all over their faces. For example the father of sociobiology Edward O. Wilson of Harvard University said that human females tend to be higher than males in empathy. Finally people control their selves and interact by using their brains. The process happens when the human want to do something or move. For example when the body wants to move it immediately send signs as a substance to the brain to stimulate it and process it and then the brain responds by sending the signs or it is known as a ''code'' for the body to interact. Furthermore it differs between a person to another especially between males and females and it is often happens confusion in the interaction with females when they fall in love or when they witness a romantic or sadness situations their interaction will be more sharp and sensitive by using their heart too to interact instead of just the brain. For example when the paternal care comes and punish the kids because of their bad behaviors the mother stop in the middle of them blocking the father to protect the kids because she thinks they will get hurt instead of staying on the father's side and behave them. Briefly differences between males and females are diverse and it is hard to define them all in papers. Sometimes researchers proof some and sometimes can't. Scientists come also to describe how they are differences in and why. The paragraphs above ensured a specific difference between men and women in a specific path too such as human relations and dealing with people feelings and expressions and human body's control with confusions interrupts the interaction with scientists proof. Citations ANON URLPAGE
