In her lecture named Tells of Passion Isabel Allende Chilean writer and activist started talking about the invitation she got to hold a flag in the Inauguration Ceremony in Italy Winter Olympics in 2006. In the Olympics Allende said what matters most more than training or luck is the heart. Only a fearless and determined heart will get the gold medal. It is all about passion. And what is truer than thru to explain it A Story she answers to herself. And just like she started talking about passion through the Olympics story she explains through stories essential aspects of creativity fight against poorness and the need of feminism. Don't forget she is a story teller. Allende illustrated creativity through the story of Rose Mapendo in Congo. This woman saw how her husband was tortured and killed and she invented strategies to have her nine children alive she also found a way to save her oldest daughter of a rape. Allende explains that creativity and a fearless heart are completely linked you can have one without the other. Allende talked about the fight against poorness telling the story of Wangari Maathai the Nobel prizewinner from Kenya who created a program to help the poorest women to plant threes. Her idea was that this women could live of the threes goods and also help the global environment. After the program theses women had better incomes and trained other women to do the same. The writer also told the story about the day that her daughter Paula made fun of her and said that feminism is dated. Allende explains that feminism is dated for privileged woman like Paula but not for the most of woman in the world who are still forced in premature marriage forced work and prostitution. She explained Although women do two thirds of world's labor they own less than one per cent of the world's assets . She also said that for one dollar that women's programs get 20 dollars are designated for men's programs. The difference is huge if it's considered that women are 51 of humankind. Allende finished her presentation challenging the audience What kind of world do we want She asked. It's time to change our civilization she concluded.
