Saudi Houses vs. American Houses A few years ago I was sitting in my father's farm in Saudi Arabia in my hometown Jazan particularly watering plants planting mango trees and feeding animals. On the same night my father and I started talking about the best ideas we could do to change and improve the farm. We discussed many issues about the plants the animals and building a house at the farm beside the main house in the village. The discussion continued until we reached building the new house on the farm then my father started talking about some differences between Saudi houses and American houses such as the materials of the houses the size of the houses and the design of the houses. First of all the material used in each house is different. This means that Saudi houses usually have cement materials used in building. These materials provide great strength and resistance. Cement materials have the strength that allows people to be able to build more than one level and it can stay strong for a long time. In addition these types of materials resist the hot weather in this region and also keep the houses warm enough in the winter season. On the other hand houses in the United States of America USA consist of wood materials. People in USA usually have one level and the weather is different than in Saudi Arabia. Thus there is no necessity for cement materials while there is wood which can fit their situation. The second difference is the house size in both countries. This means houses in Saudi Arabia are bigger than in the USA family size has a big role in houses size. For example my family cannot live the way we do in an American house because we are a big family consisting of twelve of brothers and sisters. On the contrary American will not live in a big house when they are only two or three people in the family because there will be extra unnecessary room. The third difference is the houses design. Houses in Saudi Arabia consist of two to three floors with roofs. There are walls around the houses to protect it from strangers or even robbery or from dusts because it is a mostly desert country. Furthermore yards available in the front and back of the house in most buildings in terms of showing a good appearance and help in heat absorption. While in USA houses' design is totally unlike Saudi houses triangular roofs of American houses will not allow rain and snow to accumulate on the roofs. It is pleasing to look at it. Unlike Saudi houses the American houses do not have walls around it some houses have a fence while another don't. American land known as natural and green land therefore plants and trees exist everywhere. In conclusion as one can see houses in these two countries are different in appearance. This means each house has a unique cultural criteria suiting to the culture life style and environment of the respective country. Thus it is not appropriate for one to build a house in a place where one will not be able to adapt as a result feels less comfortable. It is obvious that houses in Saudi Arabia and USA are different in features dimensions and finally shape. Therefore my father and I would consider all these factors in building a house in Saudi Arabia and think deeply about all that issues to avoid any conflict in the future might affect the building.
