The Happiness Is it easy to find happiness or is it difficult to find it Is there a relation between the happiness and good health Women sometimes find it difficult to find happiness because their emotions are closely tied to their health. On other hand men have a better chance to find happiness than women because they can ignore many things about their bodies such as an increase in their weight. Health is related to happiness so if there is not happiness there is no good health there is not a perfect body. Having a good body or sexy body is one of the key ingredients to woman's happiness. There are some differences between fat women and women who have an excellent body for example fat women usually talk about diet and how can they make men interested in them. Losing weight is one of the most difficult things for fat women but if they can do it they can reach their happiness. So being over weight makes women nervous and this can effects their happiness and their health. Women who have a perfect body usually smile at the people because they confidence in themselves. They usually talk about shopping clothes that fit their perfect bodies and dating with the their boyfriends. So it means their bodies lead them to the right way to achieve their happiness. However women who have a perfect body sometime want to lose more weight to get people's attention which is also going to effects their health. On other hand most men don't know that the happiness is between their hands. Men who know that the happiness is between their hands usually fallow these kind of steps to reach their happiness searching for a club to have exercises that can help them in their life looking for an excellent coach to know the right exercises that can effects their bodies. In conclusion we should to believe that God made people in different wars so he can test them in life. So fat sexy doesn't matter we should keep trying our best in life and we shouldn't forget that the key of the happiness is between everyone's hand.
