Science and technology now are more advanced than many decades ago. It is believed that high technologies not only enhance the quality of our life but also make our life more convenient. They shorten the distance between countries and people and affect our world to become a small village. Skype which is the most popular online communication software has become a trendy media as well as a cell phone because you can call people's cell phones number by using it. Skype and a cell phone have several features in common such as easy operation communicative convenience and saving time. However a comparison between Skype and cell phones reveals some surprising differences in quality price and internet. First of all the quality of communication is a basic requirement. No one wants to be interrupted because of an unstable signal. Although Skype is a useful program to contact people it will be unstable if you use the talking function and the webcam at the same time. Therefore based on this point the quality of communication on a cell phone is better than on Skype. However there is a shortcoming in the cell phone's webcam which is that the screen is too small. Thus when people want to see each other with using a webcam they still always choose Skype. Second price is always considered and that is why Skype is so popular because it is free. The only thing you have to do is apply for a new account on the Skype program and log in then you can contact your friends anywhere in the world as long as they also have accounts on Skype. Therefore Skype is considered to be international students' favorite. Now in order to compete with the cell phone market Skype also develops some telephone programs which cost less money than a cell phone. Therefore you can pay the normal telephone fees for the international calling via Skype's programs. If people who have lived abroad for a long time are used to using a cell phone and also want to save money they can buy a specific international calling card. Although it is more expensive than Skype's program it is still a good way to save money. Finally internet is a crucial factor which affects Skype and cell phones. Skype is restricted by internet. If you don't have internet your will not gain access to Skype. When you go outside even though you can search for a wireless network you might worry about the information security problem because you do not know where the hackers are. Although you can connect to internet by your cell phone you have to pay extra fees. According to this point a cell phone is indeed more useful and safer than Skype when you contact people outside. In conclusion the main purpose of technical advancement is to bring us a more convenient and ideal life. People have more options when they want to contact someone. It depends on their circumstance and needs. If you can try to evaluate the quality price and internet you will have an enjoyable communication with others in a money saving way.
