Choosing Between a Rented Housing and a Homestay When ELI students come to the United States they are first worried whether rented housing or a homestay is better. Most of them simply think rented housing is better because living alone is more comfortable. However this choice is not simple and they should consider many things related to American life. Sometimes living alone is inconvenient and a homestay can eliminate loneliness. Compared to a rented housing staying with an American family has many advantages. For example although an ELI student comes to the United States it is not easy to have a continuous relationship with Americans. A homestay makes it possible to have the relationship You want me to correct from 'the' to 'something' but in my opinion I intend to mean 'a continuous relationship' in a just before line. If my opinion is incorrect please let me know a correction . On the assumption that a homestay host is a normal Pittsburgher who is kind whenever the ELI student wants to talk such as when they watch TV or when they eat something he or she can communicate with his or her host. In addition when they have a question the host would gladly want to provide help. Furthermore they can enjoy a party with the owner. When I was an ELS student in Point Park University one of my friends who is from Japan lived in a homestay. The relationship between my friend and the host was better. She always went with the owner to many parties to which the owner was invited. At the result she could make many American friends. It is important to meet many Americans because the reason we come to the United Stated is not only to learn English but also to experience American culture. In addition compared to a rented house a homestay is cheaper. ELI students can save money because they can share furniture and many sturff sorry but I can't find a appropriate word which are usually not expensive and not necessary but sometimes needed. If ELI students decide to live alone they have to buy or borrow a lot of furniture which is very expensive. Finally a homestay might make ELI students feel at home. When ELI students miss their countries and family they can talk with their hosts who would try to make them feel better. Of course living alone might be more comfortable because people inherently like to have an independent place which is the most important factor to ELI students who choose living alone. ELI students can enjoy freedom without any interruption and bring their friends home. For instance they can give a party. In the party they can meet and make many different countries' friends who understand and share each student's problem in foreign life. It can make them get more close with friends. In addition one of the most efficient ways to learn English is to make a girl friend or boy friend. When they live alone it is easier to make a girl friend or a boy friend because if ELI students live in a homestay they feel uncomfortable. Furthermore when ELI students want to do what they like they can do anything such as sleeping late and returning home late and they can even go around in home without wearing clothes if they want. In conclusion Everything related to choosing between a rented housing and a homstay depends on each student's character and lifestyle. Most of all ELI students have to choose well depending on their goal in the United States.
