Once Upon a Time a Childhood Childhood used to be an amazing period in our lives in which we could discover the world or even our yard and be amazed about it. It was a period of time without anxiety and stress as well as a period in which we just had to be a child as simple as the meaning of the word. Above all childhood used to be a time to be free without an agenda to follow restrictively. However as time lapse childhood is changing and adapting to new situations. Particularly technologies such as Internet television new kinds of toys and games have changed the way that children play. In addition to that the innocence and the safety of children are not comparable to years ago. In the past childhood used to have different flavors the flavor of the freedom to play with our creativity and make our own toys the flavor of the power to travel and exploring the world with just our imagination without any kind of special equipment. Finally the flavor of having time to do everything without lost our excitement. In addition before technology we had an enormous free time to play with our friends and create new ways to play by ourselves. On the other hand we did not have access to television all the time and we did not have a great variety of programs for children for this reason we really preferred to play outside which was more appreciated and enjoyable for us. In addition in the past the sphere of innocence was present in our lives for a long period of time. We were not anxious to grow up fast or gave a step forward into the future just because life was not unbalanced and accelerated as we can see today. Furthermore life nowadays is overbusy and accelerated. In addition to that safety is an immense problem in childhood today. Children cannot play outside as they used to do in the past because of violence. Pedophiles and all kinds of criminals are a nightmare for parents nowadays especially with the use of the Internet to make friends without knowing the person on the other side. For this reason parents are terrified about children safety. On the other hand safety was not a serious problem in the past and children used to play on the streets without fear. For example they used to know the neighbor next door which gave to them a sense of protection and safety. Nowadays technology is present all the time in a child life. Easy access to the Internet and games require a great amount of children free time consequently they spend an enormous period of time in front of a computer or a television. In result of that they do not play outside. They are occupied and connected to Internet TV interactive toys or games. All these technology makes children grown up fast and innocence is just a brief period of time during infancy. Consequently it is not really fun to play pretend anymore if you can really enjoy the virtual reality of a game. In result of that children prefer to play with the latest toys and games which are easily available and it is cool . In essence childhood in the past was different in many ways. We used to have a great time playing just with our imagination and creativity without any kind of modern equipment or toy. However nowadays these technologies are a part of our children lives. We cannot stop evolution and the future. Instead we can preserve some habits from the past to make a better childhood.
