Male and Female Different Yet Compatible Men and women behave in completely different ways. Men are often scrutinized for being too aggressive violent and only wanting sex. Women on the other hand are often criticized for being so bossy fussy and only wanting commitment in a relationship. The differences between males' and females' behaviors can be accounted for through both nature and nurture. In regard to behavior men and women used to play standard and distinct roles in life. Men were expected to earn money for the family to bring home the food and to be great protectors of their families whereas women were expected to stay home cook for the family and raise children. Society is changing and these roles are slowly evolving. Nowadays both men and women work to bring home food and to be able to afford raising their children. However an obvious observation is that men and women still cannot live without each other. Biologically men and women are vastly different. There are some specific differences between the two sexes. Men and women are different physically emotionally and mentally. However these differences complement each other in unity. First of all the differences in physical appearances generally speaking allow men to be attracted to women and vice versa. Such attraction brings the two different and complimentary sexes together. This is an example of the advantage of having such differences. It must be kept in mind that other differences also add up to the physical difference when it comes to attraction. The chemical or hormonal differences between the two can add up to the physical difference and thus to the attraction. Some men are very attracted to the very feminine women for example. Such femininity can be observed by the way the woman carries herself smiles eats or even dances. The same applies to the contrary. Secondly the emotional differences permit men and women to rely on each other for comfort and support at times of sadness anger happiness or any other situation. For example women tend to be more sensitive and emotional and neater than men. Men on the other hand and generally speaking tend to be more serious sometimes emotionless and messier. Sometimes those differences can work in the couple's advantage. A neat woman will balance a messy man in at home. A man's toughness and patience can balance a woman's emotional and hormonal imbalances during certain times of a month. Finally mentally in certain aspects men and women are very different. Men are scrutinized for having a one track mind. Women generally speaking are different than men in that women tend to look for a more committed and stable relationship. Furthermore Sometimes they both monopolize on each other to see what the opposite sex mentally think about or what's going on his her partner's mind. In the same time both parties are attractive to each other. For example there are two kinds of perfume kind for women and the other kind is for men and sometimes women wear a clone and it is for men actually but she likes it and vice verso applies to the opposite sex. That means both side are complement each other mentally despite of the differences. Briefly behaviors between males and females are vastly different and complement each other at the same time. Many people are looking to the difference facts in negative way thus they should know discriminating against gender is not on their sides because in spite of the differences both parties are evolving each other physically emotionally and mentally. Those behaviors are appeared also because of the social life changing and world developing.
