Study Abroad and Study in Taiwan After working for a period of time some people may want high positions such as being managers. However there are few high positions in most companies. In Taiwan when employers hire people the most crucial condition is the diploma of the employee. Therefore if someone pursues further education it will make him more competitive. When people in Taiwan decide to pursue further education they have two main choices studying abroad or studying in Taiwan. It is not an easy decision to make when you do not understand the differences. There are three initial differences between graduate schools in Taiwan and in other countries tuition reputations and promotion opportunities in the future. First of all there is a huge gap between the tuition in Taiwan and in other countries. For example the cost of most graduate schools in Taiwan is about three thousand to five thousand US dollars for one semester. However it costs more than ten thousand US dollars for only one semester when you study in America. It depends on the school. Take the cost of MBA programs for example it is about fourteen thousand for the University of Pittsburgh but it costs more than twenty thousand just for one semester at CMU. In addition the cost of life in the US is more expensive than in Taiwan. Therefore you have to pay four to six times more money to get your master's degree. Secondly the reputation of schools is also a crucial factor. To be honest it is not easy to attend a respected graduate school in Taiwan. It is believed that it is very competitive. Specifically you must be one of the elites to be able to attend the best one. However the ranking of the best graduate school in Taiwan is not in the top one hundred in the world. Compared to the graduate schools in Taiwan there are about 50 schools in the US that are in the top one hundred ranking. Furthermore most of the top one hundred schools in the US are well known in the world. Therefore choosing a high reputation school in the US is thought to be a better choice. Finally you will have more promotion opportunities and satisfying salaries when you have a respected diploma particularly if you have a master's diploma from one of the top one hundred schools in the US. To illustrate if you are trying to find a job in a multinational company your international experiences and education are your best advantages. Moreover having a diploma from one of the top one hundred schools in the US means you have enough English communication abilities to talk to foreign people. On the other hand if you prefer to work as a local culture career such as historians of Taiwan history it is better that you have a master from graduate schools in Taiwan. The employers may see local culture more important when you apply this kind of jobs. In conclusion the three main differences of graduate schools between studying in the in Taiwan and studying abroad are tuition reputations and salaries in the future. Although you have to spend much more money when you study abroad you may get a more respected diploma and a higher salary. It depends on the jobs you will have. Before you make a decision you should think thoughtfully. A decision may totally change your whole life in the future.
