Blackberry and I Phone Technology has changed our life especially after the rapidly growing on the last decades. For example computers nowadays can be used in many places such as academic entertainment and communication. In addition mobile phone technology is not far from this renaissance. Mobiles have added even more functions to their primary purpose. For instance with some mobile phones you can access the internet and download many applications and software. The most recent trendy innovation which telecommunications came up with is Black berry and iphone. The competition between the two manufacturers to reach customer satisfaction is very high. Thus differences on features exist which customers can evaluate and choose what is suitable for them. First for some customers the design of the cell phone is the most important factor to differentiate among all phones. The iPhone design has made a revolution in the cell phones world. Keeping in mind that the recent Blackberries look smarter than before they are good looker but are not attractive like the iPhone. If the design were a fad then there wouldn't be hundreds of iPhone clone available in the market. The clones are selling only because they have the iPhone look. Another important factor to distinguish between the two cell phones is application accessibility. These days due to the development of advanced technologies cell phones are not used only for getting calls and massages but phones can also store important data takings photos download software etc. Therefore one of the important features that people consider is application accessibility. The developers of the applications for Blackberry use an outdated tool which limits the application diversity. On the other hand the iPhone is the easiest device to develop applications for which thousands of developers developing millions of applications for the iPhone. Thus in term of application accessibility iphone is considered much better than black berry. Furthermore the keyboard in of the phone is not much less important than application accessibility. Blackberry has a full QWERTY keyboard which is excellent for fast and accurate typing whereas virtual keyboard in the iPhone takes time to master. Therefore the Blackberry will give you the feeling of using your computer's keyboard which is a convenience instead of having to learn how to type on a virtual keyboard. The last feature which can be considered the most important feature for some people is the camera of the cell phone. Most of Blackberries have better cameras than the iPhone. For example the Blackberry Storm has a 3. 2 MP camera with image stabilization auto focus white balance variable zoom and flash. On the other hand the iPhones has just 2. 0 MP camera. Therefore it's obvious that the efficiency of the Black berry camera overpowers the iPhone camera. In conclusion after addressing all these differences people can evaluate and choose which phone is the best for him in term of his interests and needs. Moreover all the previous points demonstrate that debating between the iPhone and the Black berry is still in doubt.
