Law which is developed from custom tradition religion and principle is a system of rule that influence people's behavior in a society and serves as a negotiator of relationship between people. The purpose of law is to sustain the harmony and morality in society and to make people live together happily. Nowadays there are at least four legal system in the world such as a Common Law System a Civil Law System a Religious Law System and a Pluralistic System. The focus of this essay is on the Common Law System and the Civil Law System. Jurists discriminate between the Common Law System and the Civil Law System in three main points a judge's role a lawyer's role and source of law. In countries which adopt the Common Law System experienced lawyers will be chosen to be a judge. Moreover the Common Law System uses an adversarial system which developed from trails by battle. Therefore the judge's role is to be a referee between litigants and this system also allows the accuser to choose to be judged by the judge or juries. Jury trail is a legal proceeding which juries either make a decision or find a fact in a case. For jury trail juries usually weigh the evidence and testimony to determine question of fact which must be answered by reference to fact and evidence while judge usually rule on question of law which must be answer by applying relevant legal principle. By contrast the countries which adopt the Common Law System students who graduate from law school need to go to bar school and after that the government will have an exam for becoming a judge. Therefore the judge in Civil Law countries become a career judge. According to Civil Law System uses inquisitorial system in which the court employs to find the facts of the case. The judge investigates the case by questioning the witnesses. Moreover in inquisitorial system has only a judge or group if judges who work together to participate in the fact finding. Secondly in the Common Law System there are two kinds of lawyers called attorneys and barristers which have a different duty in the same case. The attorney who is a member of a legal profession represents a client in court and may act on behalf of the client. Also talks to the client and prepares documents. The barrister performs trails work and controls the courtroom by questioning litigants the barrister does not deal with the client directly. On the other hand the Civil Law System has only one kind of lawyer. The lawyer is someone who is trained in the field of law provides advice and also represents the client in various cases. Thus the lawyer deals with the client directly as well as prepares documents for the client. Finally source of law Common Law System based on past judicial opinions which are considered more as a guide than the literal requirements. Because Common Law's principle is if the fact and important point are similar litigants should get the same treatment. Judicial opinions called Case Law are the primary source of law while statues and code are only interpreted narrowly. However the Civil Law System source of law is based on legal statues and codes. The principle of civil law is to provide all citizens with accessible and written collections of law which the judge must follow. Nevertheless the interpretation of statues and codes are also flexible so the judges can use their experience in contrast to Common Law System interprets statues and codes narrowly. In conclusion while both Common Law and Civil Law serve a common function in regulating relationships and arbitrating infractions of the law the means of doing so differ primarily in the roles of the judge he lawyer and source of law.
