The Differences between Taiwan and America in family structure There are similarities between Taiwan and America in family structure. A recent news story revealed that the declining birth rate is a growing trend in developed countries. This means that couples in developed countries such as America Japan and Taiwan are reluctant to bear sons or daughters instead they have pets. Some reports even indicated that those families treat pets as family members or children. According to the information above it seems Taiwan's and America's family style have many features in common. However there are actually many differences between the family structures in Taiwan and America. For example a family in America usually consists of parents and children but it might only consist of just parents. The majority of families in Taiwan usually consist of paternal grandparents parents and children. Depending on cultures or values people in different countries might have different kinds of family structure. When comparing Taiwan with America there are some obvious differences in family structure. First of all the fundamental family framework of Taiwan differs from that of America. The majority of Taiwan's families usually consist of parents children and either paternal grandparents or maternal grandparents which is a extended family. However America's families usually only consist of parents and children. In contrast there are many young Taiwanese couples have lived with their husband's or wife's parents and siblings since they got married. Couples in America usually move away from their parents and live with just their a nuclear family. The phenomenon in Taiwan might be caused by economic issues emotional or inherent reliance on parents or culture styles regardless of the cause this result in a bottomless emotional and inseparable link between parents and grandparents. On the other hand the separate family style in America also has a deep relationship between couples and their grandparents even though they live in different houses. However the depth of the relation between parents and children in America may not be as deep as the relation between parents and children than that in Taiwan. Another difference between the family structure in Taiwan and America is the the way that aging grandparents choose which of their offspring to live with. If grandparents are getting older and should be looked after by their children Taiwanese grandparents usually choose the oldest son's family to live with. If the oldest son can't live with his parents the grandparents will choose the second or the third son's family but not the daughters' family. If grandparents have sons but choose to live with one of their daughters' families relatives of neighbors might question the grandparents' choice. People think that the son might be incapable of taking care of his parents or that he is not being filial to his parents. In contrast to Taiwan American grandparents might make an opposite decision they might choose one of their favorite daughters' families to live with. If they do not choose this they might move to a house closer to a daughter's family but still live apart from their daughters' family and take care of each other by themselves. The principal difference between Taiwanese and American grandparents' choices is that grandparents in America make this decision by choosing their favorite children but the grandparents in Taiwan make it this decision based on regular customs. Because of distinct culture and customs the family structure in Taiwan is quite different from that in America. Additionally Taiwanese and Americans have different points of view when they discuss the issue of like children' independence and family living arrangements. Although the family structure may vary greatly from America to Taiwan there is still a strong loving bond between grandparents parents and children.
