Living Alone or Living with a Roommate Long times ago there were few students living in other regions not their hometown with family. On the contrary in modern society people get out of their hometown to live in the developed regions which have a better educational environment. Thus there are numerous students living in other places without family. The numerous students have a significant problem about a choice between living alone and living with roommates. In order to make a decision about it they have to consider three things loneliness restrictions help studying The first many people find loneliness to be a problem when living alone. When people live alone to study in college sometimes they feel depressed. The reason of this feeling can be the result of studying. However it can be just loneliness because of living alone. Though it is a negative thing it can be a positive thing because the lonely experience can underpin of life later when having a job. Definitely living with roommates makes people feel more comfortable than living alone. When living with roommates they can have much talk time to tell about themselves and many things which are just chat. If you can't tolerate loneliness living with roommates is a better choice than living alone. On the other hand if you want to be a stronger person living alone is also good choice. The second many people find restrictions to be a problem when living with roommates. When people live alone they can do anything they want to do. If they want to eat some food they like they can eat it anytime. On the other hand when people live with roommates they usually ask roommates what they would like to eat. Sometimes if people want to bring their friends to their home they can invite friends to their home without any permission of roommates when they live alone. On the contrary people can't invite their friends to their home without asking for roommates' consent. In addition occasionally some people disagree when they have to decide something. The occasion makes them uncomfortable about each other. Restrictions like that are normally a negative yet it can be a positive because it is helpful to live in an arduous life in which people have to solve problems with other people. Thus it is also up to your perspective if you want to choose the easy way or the difficult way which has restrictions. The third many people find living with roommates is helpful to study. If people want to go to a foreign country with the purpose of learning language living with roommates who are not from the same country is really helpful. Unfortunately some people live alone even though they came to the U. S to learn English. They don't use English when they come back home after English class. If you live with roommates who are foreigners you can have opportunities to improve your English. However you have to know it can be hard to adapt to their culture. If you are concerned about the adaptation you can choose living alone. Which is the better choice between living alone and living with roommates There isn't a right answer because it is really different by cases. Thus it is a crucial determination which needs to consider loneliness restrictions help studying. The living alone and living with roommates both will be precious experience in life and it might be helpful after becoming a real adult.
