People Cooking by themselves is Better than Eating Out People think that cooking by themselves is better than eating out. Moreover they believe that cooking by themselves can save money and make their lives longer than eating less nutritious meals at restaurants. In addition they can eat more sanitary meals if they cook by themselves. On the other hand some people think that eating out is better than cooking by themselves in terms of saving time as well as saving energy and convenience. They can have a delicious meal at a restaurant without dealing with the many preparation steps for cooking. To begin with people believe that cooking by themselves is cheaper than eating out. They have to spend a lot of money for eating out. Especially if they take their boyfriends or girlfriends out for dinner they have to choose good restaurants with a good atmosphere and service in order to make their boyfriends and girlfriends satisfied with them. Those good restaurants might be expensive. In contrast they can manage their budget if they cook by themselves by shopping for good ingredients in local markets because prices in local markets are cheaper than prices in big supermarkets. Another example is that customers have to spend around 40. 00 For two people in case they want to eat out in a general restaurant. On the contrary people will spend money less than 40. 00 To cook by themselves the same dishes they ordered in a restaurant. Second it is better for people's health to cook by themselves. Most restaurants like to put monosodium glutamate MSG in food to make food taste better. Consuming MSG is not beneficial for their health. MSG can cause many problems for them in the near future. Moreover the ingredients which restaurants use are not as good as the ingredients that they buy by themselves. Sometimes produce and meat are not in good condition or almost spoilage but the owners of the restaurants do not want to lose their profit so they insist in using those products. In contrast consumers can avoid worse healthy if they choose to cook by themselves. Third people cooking by themselves are more sanitary than eating out. They can be aware about cleanliness in every step of cooking if they cook by themselves. Additionally they can wash their produce before cooking so as to get rid of pesticide residue. On the other hand they cannot know how clean the restaurants they eat at are because they cannot see the cooking processes. Generally chefs have to cook a big amount of food in the limit time in order to serve food to customers on time. For this reason they do not have time to make ingredients as clean as possible. For example sometimes employees prepare ingredients after using a restroom without washing their hands because they are in a hurry. This causes an unsanitary method of cooking. In conclusion people cooking by themselves are better than eating out for the reasons mentioned above. People cooking by themselves can save money in their pockets. Furthermore it can make people' lives healthier than eating out because of eating more nutritious meals with sanitary cooking processes. Moreover they can adopt cooking as a family activity which helps bonding the relationship of family members together.
