Can Printed Books Survive Last December the bookstore in my neighborhood closed. Compared to the difficulty of the bookstore Amazon made huge profit from Kindle. It is said that the business of printed books faces a difficult situation due to the spread of e books. Reading e books with a e reader becomes popular recently. You can find many Internet columns and blog comments which explain how the e book is more convenience. Actually e books have several notable characteristics which printed books do not have. Will printed books become outdated and extinct in the near future Even though printed books have some disadvantages they also have their own merits which are equal to e book's merits. First it is often said that one of the e book's merits is its portability. Indeed Kindle or other e readers are thinner and lighter than hardcover books. For people who want to bring several books e books reduce the trouble of bringing bulky books. A thin tablet device can contain hundreds of books. People can choose and read a book from their book list even though they are staying in another country. On the other hand printed books also have their own merit of portability. Printed books can be treated rougher than e books. The shock of falling causes not so much damage to printed books in contrast to e readers to which the shock could cause a breakdown. One can read a printed book when waiting for a bus outside on a rainy day while it is difficult for e book users to use their device in the same situation. In addition portability between friends or lending books to friends is one of the advantages of printed books. Some e book systems provide the way to lend books to others but these functions are not as flexible as printed books. For example these functions often limit the period which a book can be lent. Second when books such as textbooks and references are used for study printed books have unique merits as well as e books have their own merits. E books have a high affinity to other electronic information. For example built in dictionaries in the e reader will be a very useful tool for the learner of a second language. Coordination between e books and electronic dictionaries makes it possible to access unknown words more easily and rapidly compare to printed books and dictionaries. Furthermore the search function enables people to reach the word they want to know immediately. On the other hand printed books are suitable to make marginal notes on the page. Although e books often have their own note function handwritten notes are easier to write recall and scan than electronic comments. Handwritten notes on printed books help learners study effectively. In addition printed books can make an opportunity to learn extra information. People tend to access only the information which they want to know. In contrast to e books turning over the ANON_NAME_0 of printed books is interesting. Sometimes An unknown word or a picture catches the reader's eye. The unexpected encounter for new information is one of the good points of printed books. Finally both the physical existence of printed books and the virtual existence of e books have their own merits and demerits. The volume and weight of printed books are a common trouble for people who own a lot of books. The continuous accumulation of books gives them headache. Piles of books fill up a little house. Books are literally a burden when people move to another house. E books can release people from these troubles. People do not have to worry about the space for books if all of their books are stored in an e reader. On the other hand the physical existence of books can also become merits. A printed book is a good candidate as a gift to someone. E books can't be wrapped in paper or handed over to someone. In addition books on bookshelf show owner's personality eloquently. Although it is not easy for book lovers to reduce their books to put in a limited space the books remaining on their bookshelf are books which the owners want to keep because of special reasons. One book may be the one its owner read over and over when he or she was a high school student. The other book may be one which was bought in a foreign country when the owner was traveling. Real books can be linked to memories more tightly because of their physical existence. In conclusion printed books have merits as well as e books. Because it can't be denied that e books are received by people bookstore's business will suffer for next ten years. However instead of the recent trend the feeling of turning the ANON_NAME_0 of books and the smell of books are the special charm which difficult to stop. Although I own a Kindle I hope that printed books will survive this century.
