Happiness What does happiness mean There are many people who know the meaning for happiness is money success autonomy and having a good family but the happiness of me happiness is caused by money good health and good friends of childhood in my memory. Money is a detail of happiness. There many people who want to make much money in the world. So do I. I will buy a nice car beautiful house and travel anywhere in the world if I can make much money. Let me travel anywhere that I want and have others money I will contribute to others people who need help. An old person said To help people who need help you should be felt happy. So if I have other money when I after my travel and enjoy everything that I want I will help other people. The friend is other detail of happiness. I know many people have many good friends of their memory so am I. There are three people who are my best friend in my memory. Their names were Anna Linda and George. Only one person was boy in my friend Anna and Linda were girls. We lived at a same building. We might do anything together but it was not including slept. We did to do something like went to school got back home and did homework at home or at the park. In my memory we were good children in the neighborhood. We were usually help neighborhoods to do something that we can do. I remember a day in summer we went to clean up stairway together the neighborhoods said They were good children. We heard this while we so happy. Anna was a good student when us childhood because she had a good grades at school. So she always helped others three people. Those three people were Linda George and me . When we had questions that we didn't know. We went to ask her and she answered us question. I had remember sometimes we needed to do something that to help parents Anna always lead us because she was older than us. She told us do this and do that. Sometimes we were angry of her lead. So we could be against her lead. While she went to look for us parents. Anyway we were so happy when we stay together. Now I feel happy when I think those. Health is last detail of happiness. There are many people want to have good body but some people can't do it because the virus likes follow people like SARS and H1N1 are appear the world many people was dead when those happened and dangerous thing always happened around the people. Like earthquake tsunami typhoon and tornado are happened in the world many people lose home life and lost a part from body by those. Those people were not lucky but I am lucky because those were not happened at my life. My mother is a doctor so when I was child. My mother gave me a lot of good. So now I have good body. My father called me to do action everyday when I was child. So I want to thanks my parents. There are many meaning of happiness in this world. The different people have different ideas about happiness. The different context has meaning should be different about happiness. So you should to enjoy something what you do and you feel happy. To do something of you like.
