Friday 2 26 2010 Writing 5S Comparison Essay Alejandra Parra Pancakes Eggs or Yogurt Pancakes eggs or yogurt these are the types of choices that my mother has to confront early in the morning each day. My brothers and I are physically very alike but our personalities couldn't differ more. For instance Kakike the younger one likes eggs for breakfast a big meal full of proteins. ANON_NAME_0 the older one however sneaks out of the house without eating because he knows that it will take a lot of time to be served and he is always in a hurry. When my mother cooks pancakes it is my turn to sneak out. I won't have that many calories so early in the morning. Finally both of the boys complain when my mother serves either yogurt or cereal because they claim they get hungry in the middle of the morning. Breakfast is not the only thing in which we differ. Our bedrooms are the perfect expression of our differences. Kakike's room is the smallest. He doesn't have many things in it. His bed was my uncle's old one. It is a beautiful dark wooden bed that he had made bigger because he didn't fit in a regular size one witch fits Kakike perfect because he is very tall. Contrasting with the beautiful bed he has a horrible desk that my mother was going to toss out years ago when they placed it in Kakike's room temporally . However Kakike never complained he is not that interested in looks so the desk is still there. His walls are all covered with posters and his dirty clothes hamper is permanently overloaded. He is so lazy he prefers to send it to clean before having to fold and organize them. ANON_NAME_0's room on the other hand is the most organized all his furniture are from the same ensemble. His bed is always made and his closet well organized. Opposite to Kakike's room you cannot see the hamper for his dirty clothes. It is well arranged inside the closet. The walls are all neatly painted exposing a collection of all his diplomas. ANON_NAME_0 room is clearly reflect of his organize and perfectionist mind. My room in contrast to my brother's is the biggest and usually the messiest of all. When it is clean it is also the prettiest. I had all my furniture made in wood and steel and the are in perfect harmony with my nice green curtains that are always open to allow light into the room. The walls are decorated with pictures of my friends and me. My clothes always cause the mess. You can tell when I have a bad clothes day because I take the time to try them all on but not to organize them again in the closet. Our hobbies are also very different. When ANON_NAME_0 was little he gave my father a hard time. He didn't like to play team games as football or baseball my father's favorites he likes sports like swimming and golf. Kakike in the other hand shared my father's love for team sports. He is a serious basket player and a natural in all the other sports that include a ball or a board. I instead am a runner. I love 10k races and all kinds of dances. This difference made it difficult for my mother to schedule our after school activities. She had to find places where they had many sports so that we could all find something to do. It is very interesting knowing that three personas as different as my brothers and me were raced by the same parents and under the same roof. Even if we sometimes fight over our difference we have learned to coexist in peace. We started by doing little compromises as the TV for example. When ANON_NAME_0 is alone he enjoys watching the news or the Discovery Channel . Kakike likes a thing called Mangas witch are grown up cartoons and I like some reality shows as American Idol . Although we like different TV shows when we are together we all agree to watch a movie or a comedy series that entertains all of us. As we grow older the little compromises grew with us they tighten our relationship and become our strength. ANON_NAME_0 was the smartest in his class and also one of the most popular among the girls. Kakike gave him girl advice and I helped him dress trendy. ANON_NAME_0 in the other hand always had our back. He revised our important papers and helped us stay out of trouble. Definitively there is nothing wrong about being different other than the morning argument concerning pancakes eggs or yogurt.
