The effect of serious earthquakes in Taiwan Have you ever involved in a serious earthquake During your sweet dreams you might be unexpectedly awaked by shaking bed and then feel frightened and don't know what to do to protect yourself furthermore after the earthquake is over you might be still scared about the aftershock later and can not fall asleep anymore. You want to walk out your room and connect all your family members with your cell phone but both electricity and cell phone are on strike. Eventually after groping in the dark you walk out of your house and then find the street outside is a mess because several buildings had already collapsed by the shake for a while and some corpses are lying on street. You are standing on a street but you feel that you are in living hell. That is how earthquakes impact people's life. Earthquake has already occurred many times in Taiwan because Taiwan is in the hotspot of earthquake activities. Therefore every time a destructive earthquake happens it always causes a lot of damages. The severest effect of earthquakes in Taiwan is the sudden rush of mortality. Many people may die because of the consequence of earthquake and it makes the number of death increase rapidly in a short time after the disaster. The worst earthquake disaster stemmed from a 7. 1 Magnitude quake in 1935 that killed more than 3 200 people followed by a 6. 5 Magnitude quake that killed more than 2 700 people three months later. More recently a 7. 6 Magnitude earthquake killed more than 2 400 people in 1999. Andrew ANON_NAME_0 CNN News 2010. A severe earthquake always causes a lot of death. For example people might be killed by a toppled pillar when they are asleep or hide under a desk but the house collapses. Sometimes they might be alive after the collapse but being buried in debris and die of the shortage of air. In addition to collapsed buildings people might also be buried by massive mudslides caused by the earthquake. Even though survivors might want to dig out their parents brothers sisters or relatives right away they do not have enough tools and machines to rescue their families immediately. The government might also want to salvage people who are buried but it is hard to rescue all of them in a limited time. The more rescuing time is cost the more victims will be found. After several days people only can pray that those victims could be rest in peace. In addition some people might commit suicide after the earthquake because the poor people might lose their property or close family members and then get melancholia and unable to free themselves from the tragedy. Another effect that caused by earthquake is the ruins of infrastructure. The Taiwan's underlying foundation or basic framework like railways roads internet structure banks and hospitals are disrupted due to the awful shake. For instance the earthquake may destroy the electric wire fiber cable bridges or telephone network and it causes Taiwan's network of communication lines crashed and then people can not get in touch with their family or friends or buy food from stores likewise the governmental organizations can not distribute relief efficiently. Moreover the quake may collapse some important buildings or destroy essential equipments and those caused infrastructures can not work. For example after hospitals buildings were destroyed by the quakes the entire staff of hospital can not have regular work anymore and the broken medical equipments can not work either. It makes people can not be cured directly after they are injured by the earthquake and patients who have chronic diseases might be in danger without the medical machine. The final effect is the economic impact. After a heavy quake the factories close to epicenter are damaged and shut down and the Stock Exchange is interrupted. It will cause economic crisis and decline of Taiwan economy. If an earthquake occurs in a significant area like Science Park it will inflict severe damage in economy. For example the Taiwan Stock Exchange used to be closed for several days because of a powerful earthquake called 921 which occurred on September 21 1999 and further the worst of the 921 was the epicenter of earthquake was close to Hsinchu Science Park where a lot of important industries were located. The earthquake caused those factories had had shutdown for six days and one of Taiwan's important industries the supply chain of RAM was made at the time. After the earthquake many companies substituted the RAM suppliers in Taiwan for those in other countries. It is hard to estimate the cost of economic damages following the earthquake. The rush mortality ruins of infrastructure and economic damages are the most crucial effects after a powerful earthquake in Taiwan. Beside the horrible and unforgettable memory could be remained in many survivors' mind for a long time. Although you can not prevent natural disasters you could remember the lessons which happened before and react better last time. Additionally the humanitarian organizations like the CARE Cooperative for Assistance and Relief Everywhere and rescue teams from different countries always provide humanitarian aids to a disaster area. No matter what happen in the future there is always hope in the world.
