Steve Jobs was born in San Francisco on February 24 1955. He is the co founder and CEO of Apple company. He was the CEO of Pixar an American computer animation studio until the Walt Disney Company bought Pixar for 7. 4 Billion. Now he is the largest shareholder at Disney as a result he is a member of Disney's Board of Directors. People praise Jobs is a leader in computer and entertainment industries. To begin with Jobs and Steve Wozniak Apple co founders began the concept of personal computer. For example His co worker and he introduced the Apple I in 1976 and the Apple II in the following year and became a huge success. This success turned Apple into an important player in personal computer industry. Moreover in 1984 he introduced the Apple Macintosh to the world and the Macintosh became the first commercially successful computer with a graphical user interface. While Jobs was working in Apple his employees had described him as an erratic and tempestuous manager as a result the working relationship between Sculley CEO of Apple at that time and him was declined. At the end of May 1985 Sculley forced Jobs relieve his duties as head of the Macintosh division. Jobs sold his shares in Apple and founded NeXT Computer shortly after leaving Apple. Jobs launched NeXT products to the scientific and academic fields because of the innovative experimental new technologies such as the Mach kernel the digital signal processor chip and the built in Ethernet port. Also NeXT technology played a large role in the development of the World Wide Web. Tim Berners ANON_NAME_0 developed the original World Wide Web system on a NeXT workstation. At the same time Apple's ancient software and internal mismanagement had a financial problem and brought it near bankruptcy. In 1996 Apple bought NeXT for US 402 million. Consequently Jobs came back to the company he founded. He attempted to bring Apple back into profitability by introducing a lot of products. For instance in 1998 he introduced the iMac. Furthermore in recent years the company has brunched out with the introduction of iPod the most popular portable music player iBook the personal computer and other electronic and music devices. In June 2007 the company is going to launch iPhone the touch screen multi function mobile. Finally he announced the Apple would be known as Apple Inc and he provided a lot of profit for the company. In conclusion he is considered a superior in computer and entertainment industries.
