Effects of Low Birth Rate in Taiwan Nowadays more and more people in Taiwan have high level educations and living standards. Therefore most couples in this generation get married very late about thirty to thirty four. Because of the marriages at more mature ages they plan to have children late. In Taiwan more and more couples around thirty just want to have only one baby or none. Therefore the low birth rate is a serious social problem in Taiwan recently. There are three main areas affected by the low birth rate population structure educational issue and economy. First of all the population structure has changed. According to the birth rate research of Central Intelligence Agency 2010 the birth rate in Taiwan is the two hundred and tenth among two hundred and twenty three countries in 2009. The birth rate in Taiwan is about nine. Compare to other country the birth rate in Niger the number one in 2009 is about fifty two. Duo to the low birth rate the aging population has become a problem. In two decades young people need to support more elderly people and it will become a heavy burden. Moreover the government needs more budgets to take care of elderly people in the future. Therefore the government should come out a constructive plan to encourage couples to have more babies such as some benefits for children and parental leave form the employee benefits. Secondly due to the low birth rate the environment of education has become different. In Taiwan the demand for teachers has decreased. For example the rate of the teacher recruitment is about 1 Liberty News 2009 . There are about eight thousand wandering teachers. However the job vacancies for being formal teachers are only less than one hundred last year. Thousands of the wandering teachers in Taiwan can not find jobs in public or private schools. What could they do They could attend more teacher recruitments or change their careers. It also means that the government wastes a lot of money and time to train these wandering teachers in colleges. Although one may succeed to be a formal teacher in the public school one day he may be laid off in few years if there are few students to teach. Moreover parts of colleges may close for the same reason in the future Lin Xuejuan 2008 . Finally the low birth rate may affect the economic fields in the future. As a result of young population decreasing the competition of economy may be depressed. Furthermore the markets like toy stores baby shops or children book publishers have reduced due to the low birth rate. Because of the reducing of the markets the companies compete intensely. Therefore some small companies can not survive in this competition. It may cause some unemployment. Even some children's hospitals have closed for the same reason. Therefore some children's hospitals have changed to women's and children's hospitals. In conclusion the low birth rate affects three aspects in Taiwan population structure education issue and economy. If we do not solve this problem now we will face more serious problems in the future. Moreover we can not only focus on increasing the birth rate but also educating our next generation appropriately. Citation Central Intelligence Agency 2010 . Birth rate. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_News 2009 . There will be teacher recruitment next year in Taipei City. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Xuejuan 2008 . ANON_NAME_0 ANON_NAME_1 tsun The declining birth rate may cause some universities surviving difficultly. China Daily News May 13 2008 edition of the Tainan area.
