Effects of Self Medication in Brazil All things are poison and nothing is without poison only the dose permits something not to be poisonous Paracelsus 1493 1541 . In other words the difference between a medication and a poison is the dose. This is the main problem in self medication and the principal reason of many deaths every year. Self medication is use of medications without a prescription or medical advice. According to World Healthy Organization WHO more than 10 percent of medical hospitalization is attributed to reactions or side effects of medications. In addition in Brazil every year 20 000 people die from wrong use of medications according to National System of Toxic Pharmacology Information Sinitox and also the principal reason for this is self medication. Data from Abifarma Brazilian Association of Pharmacies shown that around 80 millions of people are adept of self medication. According to WHO some effects of self medication are Delay of the real diagnoses Wrong treatment incorrect administration of the medication Inadequate dosage or excessive dosage Excessively or shortly period of treatment Addiction or abstinence symptoms Potentially side effects and allergic reactions Bacterial resistance and interactions with other medications which the person already take. All these effects listed are hazardous can lead to complications and yet to death. Self medication can undercover or delay diagnoses especially when the disease shown acute symptoms. As an example of that is the use of OTC medications such as Prilosec Omeprazole for treat heartburn. Even though the symptoms decrease or stop the real disease which was causing symptoms were not discovered yet and a diagnose of a possible gastric or intestinal tumor were retarded and consequently guide to a poor prognosis of the illness. Potentially side effects caused by excessive use of medications can be harmful and cause serious healthy problems. For example abusive use of painkiller medications such as Tylenol Acetaminophen can cause liver failure. In most cases people who take medications for treat pain or fever can take an excessive dosage of acetaminophen due to the use of different medications containing the drug acetaminophen. As a result of that people can have the total dosage increased and due to toxic effect of acetaminophen in the liver a liver failure can be induced. In Brazil it is possible to buy antibiotics without a prescription in some drugstores. According to National Agency of Vigilance Sanitary ANVISA 50 percent of antibiotics have been sold without a prescription. Consequently self medication is stimulated and because of that people have been trivialized the use of antibiotics. Usually the treatment does not follow guidance and as soon as the symptoms stop or decrease the parents stop to give the medication for the children. As a result of the wrong use of antibiotics some bacteria can became resistant and the treatment can be ineffective in the future treatment. The use of naturals medications made from plants is very popular in Brazil however be natural is not similar to be totally safe. Most Brazilians believe that take natural medication is secure and safe for this reason people commonly make a mistake to exceed the use of this products doing self medication. Several kinds of natural medications are potential toxic for some organs such as liver and kidney. Some of then can cause abortion bleeding and death it is possible. Interactions between medications are typical when people do self medication specially with elderly people. In general elderly people take prescriptions medications for chronics diseases and the use of another medication without prescriptions are typical. According to Marianela Flores Hekman President of Brazilian Society of Gerontology and geriatric SBGG self medication can cause destabilization of the treatments of the chronics diseases and toxic effects. According to her 44 of 2. 019 Patients admitted to use medications without medical advice. In 2009 the National Agency of Vigilance Sanitary ANVISA is specially concern about self medication in particular the use of painkiller and reduced fever medications as a result of undercover and delay diagnoses of H1N1 flu. The H1N1 flu is a new disease and according specialists diagnoses can be misinterpreted when people take medication without prescription for release the symptoms of a common flu. In result of that ANVISA suspended advertisement of this kind of medication in Brazil. In the final analyzes self medication brings tremendous effect in people healthy and it is an enormous concern in Public Healthy in Brazil. Around 80 millions Brazilian use self medication for treat their diseases and because of that numerous side effects are generate. The most important effects are undercover symptoms diagnosis delay and interactions between medications. All this effects can culminate in poor prognostic and death. Besides the data given the real statistics of the effects of the use of medications without prescriptions are not accurately known because of the difficult to collect information and the no obligation to the hospitals to report the problems to ANVISA. The Brazilian government needs to emphasize the important of the correct use of medications and give information to people about the harmfulness of self medication. In addition to that the government needs to provide access to doctor and hospital to minimize the self medication. Bibliography Automedica
