Even though a marriage is considered as the biggest and most important personal event Korean women tend to get married late. According to a survey conducted by Statistics Korea 2009 Korean women's age at marriage was 23. 2 In 1981 but it was 28. 3 In 2008 chart 1 . It indicates the marriage age has increased 5 years in about three decades. Moreover it is said that Korean women want to get married at the age of 30. 6 In 2009 Korea Institute for Health and Social Affairs 2009 . There are several reasons why the average age of getting married is on the rise including financial independence issue increasing desire of self achievement and desire of enjoying a single life. First a financial independence issue delays women's marriage. In Korea due to the expensive price of the house many newlyweds begin their new life in a house for on a deposit money basis. However the deposit is also expensive. Therefore young people have to save money and achieve financial independence before they get married. It leads to delayed marriage. In addition men's financial independence also can affect the time of women's marriage. For example Korean men have to be in the military service for 2 years. As a consequence their time to begin the world is late. Therefore even though women want to get married their boy friend might have not prepared to get married in the aspect of finance. Second increasing desire of self achievement raises the average of women's marriage age. According to a survey conducted by Statistics Korea 2009 the college entrance rate of women has grown up to 82. 4 In 2009 from 31. 9 In 1990. The high college entrance rate of women reflects a desire of self achievement. At least 20 years ago to go to university was not common for women. If they didn't go to university some of them usually worked as secretary accounting clerk and worker in a factory after graduating from a high school and others stayed at home with their parents helping house work. Then they tended to get married before they turned 25. To get married seemed to be priority for them. However these days 8 out of 10 women go to university and they want to have a career. Moreover a great number of Korean women go to grad school or study abroad for their professional achievement. It is thought that self achievement is more important for them than a marriage. Extended duration of study postpones the time of entering workforce which leads to late marriage. Finally women want to enjoy their single life more. They want to spend more time as a single lady finding a better guy because marriage means a promise to be with one guy forever. A few decades ago women tended to get married their first lovers or their parents arranged their marriage. If a woman had had several boyfriends before married it was thought to be inappropriate or too liberal. However these days women seek for their own spouse by dating with guys. Also Korean women do not want to be involved marital life early because marriage requires responsibility and sacrifice. Especially in Korea the relationship with mother in law is not easy because mothers who have sons tend to concern about their son excessively. Their concern is attributed to the Korean traditional notion of preferring a son to a daughter. Even though there are many rational mothers in law some mothers still think marriage of their son deprives their son from them. Also in holidays including new years day and Korean Thanksgiving day married women usually work in their in laws' house. It can be a significant burden for women so women who have not married have fear about marital life. Therefore they want to enjoy their single life. Marriage is a social system that makes the stable relationship between man and woman possible. Also many women want to get married. However financial issue desire for self achievement and advantages of single life defer the time to get married and it is said that the women's average age of marriage will be higher in the future. References Statistics Korea 2009 . Women's lives seen through statistics Statistics Korea 2009 . Dynamic statistics of population Korea Institute for Health and Social Affairs 2009 national survey of marriage and birth
