Monday 15 March 2010 Effects Essay W5 By ANON_NAME_0 The effects of Abortion Abortion is generally a controversial topic. Many politicians have devoted parts of their careers debating on the subject. It is a difficult decision to determine if it should be legal or not because of the many circumstance in witch it can occur and because it involves the termination of a life. Even if it is a difficult and controversial topic it should be discussed and more importantly because of its frequency the effects it produces in society and women should be studied. More than 22 of the USA pregnancies end up in abortion witch also means that approximately 2 of the women between 15 and 44 years old abort each year only in America. Following we will discus how the decisions of these women affect their life their partner's life and the society. It is difficult to predict how an abortion will affect a woman seven out of ten think their choice of having a abortion was the correct one so they live their life as they had before the abortion but even this women sometimes can experience some of the psychological traumas that the 30 of the woman that regretted having an abortion do. This traumas or disorders include depression anxiety loss anger loose of confidence and guilt. They are usually stronger during the first months after the abortion but in some case they persist for a lifetime and in some females it can cause more sever psychological illness. There are a significant amount of women that never tell their partners that when they are pregnant if they are sure they want an abortion consequently there are less men that experience an abortion. But this doesn't mean that the men how do experience it aren't affected. Some men can disassociate themselves from the problem and think that abortion is a viable solution. They usually support their women partner. Other men can be the ones to convince their partners of having the abortion. But nevertheless there are many men that fell frustrated with the decision of their partner to abort and their powerlessness of being able o help their baby. These powerlessness' men can also suffer from psychological disorders and in some cases they turn to drugs alcoholism promiscuity etc. As we have seen so far it seams like abortion's is never positive but in fact in some cases were children are truly unwanted abortion should be an option. It is very interesting the point of view of Steve Levitt and Stephen Dubner in their book Freakonomics 2009 where they explain that abortion helps reduce the criminal rate. When you think about it it makes sense. People have more chance of becoming a criminal if they are born in misery in a family where they are abuse or simply if their parents doesn't take care of them. Therefore in countries or cities where abortions is legalizes the cities experience a decrease on their criminal rate starting15 25 years after the law is issued. Finally abortion can have a positive effect in societies thus in most of the cases it has a negative effect on individuals. Consequently even governments pro abortion should try to reduce the alarming rate of occurrence with publicity campaigns educational programs that target the more affected population and laws that force women to consult psychologists to help them figure out if an abortion is the best option for them. Bibliography EVITT S. D. DUBNER S. J. 2009 . Freakonomics. New York NY Harper Perennial. Facts on induced abortion in the United States. 2010 March 14 . Retrieved from . ANON_URLSPAGE_MATTES B. 2010 March 14 . Abortion's effects on men. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_LAWLOR J. 2010 March 14 . Long term physiological and psychological effects of abortion on women. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_State Abortion statistics. 2010 March 14 . Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
