Effects of Marijuana Marijuana is a green brown or gray mixture of dried shredded leaves stems seeds and flowers of the hemp plant. Marijuana has a chemical substance in it called Tetrahydrocannabinol better known as THC . All marijuana forms are mind alerting psychoactive . In other word they change how the primate's brain works. Many other chemicals are found in marijuana too about 400 of this chemicals some of which are carcinogenic . As you can tell using marijuana exposes risk for human's health especially in the brain which is the most wealthy part of the body. It effects human's body's function which makes it obviously doped and causes many risky problems or diseases such as impaired judgment and coordination anxiety and shortened attention. First of all marijuana as doctors say causes impaired judgment and coordination to clarify it it is a deterioration of an individual's judgment and decrease of his or her physical ability. For example it makes the brain function suddenly weird paranoid and uncoordinated which makes people stressful while making a decisions conversations and in organizing. Seems more chaotic and unlike to do obligations. These causes harm people in their lifetime. It discriminates between relationships in an obvious paths and makes people fail in their paths too . Secondly anxiety is a wide problem caused by consuming marijuana as it appeared in doctor's diagnostic. It means a relatively permanent state of worry and nervousness occurring in a variety of mental disorders. Makes people have difficulty in sleeping insomnia extremely worrying about everything even with normal situations that causes black marks around the eyes body shaking and weakness in memorizing. For example by these causes it affects people to act extremely weird paranoid and so tired that can not even concentrate and being terrified also with people they trust. Finally shortened attention is on of the biggest problem caused by smoking marijuana. It makes you becoming easily bored frustrated and misunderstanding different situations or tasks. For example people who have shortened attention are obvious have lack of focus frequently which affects their school grades and their social life. Also it makes them take the action first and then think about it later and often have a trouble with gross and fine motor skills. Briefly consuming marijuana destroys people's life. It is easily make people get addicted with it and engrossed in using it publicly. Bad friends are the most major fact that peer pressure people to adopt to this habit. In addition it destroys student's future and threaten it by smoking it and get one of diseases that written above. Lack in analyzing situations and organization worrying paranoid and terrified misunderstanding and weakness in memory and inefficient are disorders caused by smoking marijuana. Doctor's advice permit people stay healthy and comfortable and these diseases may kill people too.
