Recently there is news about an earthquake that took place in Haiti. Many people die and missing. This disaster reminds me to the deadliest tsunami in recorded history that hit countries in Indian ocean coastal on December 26th 2004 including my home country Thailand and hometown Krabi. The magnitude earthquake 9. 0 Quake triggered a series of tsunami killed people in Indonesia Thailand all the way to India and as far as Africa such as Kenya and Tanzania. Israngkura p 3 Economic Impact of Tsunami in Thailand More than 300 000 people were killed by the killer waves. Only in Thailand 5 395 people die Israngkura p 7 Economic Impact of Tsunami in Thailand 2005 unlikely Pacific Ocean there is no alert system covering the Indian Ocean. This natural disaster effect Thailand at least three way such as economy physical damages and life after tsunami. First economic impact Krabi Phuket Phangnga Trang Satun and Ranong are six cities that affected by tsunami. These cities are the top destinations for tourists from all around the world because of beautiful beaches and islands. Nine million people per year were attracted by these six cities during 1999 2003. Israngkura p 5 Economic Impact of Tsunami in Thailand 2005 State of economy in six cities are based on restaurants hotels retail stores rubber plantation palm oil coffee and fishery. After the tsunami came it swept away everything not only lives but also the private enterprises. There are a report that tsunami affected 324 hotels 345 restaurants 364 shops 4 306 small stools and the total value of destruction to private enterprises was 12 852 million baht. Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Ministry of Interior In addition tourist's confidence of security dropped caused approximately fifty percent of hotels and tours were canceled which cause local people lost a lot of income. According to Bank of Thailand 2005 a new estimated number of tourists will be decreased about 1. 2 Million tourist compare to the old estimated number of tourists. Some of hotels and restaurants were closed since the killer waves came because the owner does not have money to reconstruct. Second physical damages took place in many form such as loss of lives damages to Home and homelessness damages of natural resources. However this essay will focus on loss of lives. As January 10th 2005 the death of the victims in Thailand totaled 5 395 people. Why many people die from this tsunami Because during November until May every year is a high season for tourism in Thailand and it was almost New Year. Therefore many tourists went to the beach and island for a long vacation. As much as half of the victims are foreigners such as Swiss Dutch and German while another half are local Thai. And as much as 1 500 persons are unclassified Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Ministry of Interior It is hard to identify them especially person who does not have any tattoo or mark on their body that their families or friend can recognize. For foreigner they have dental record that is useful to identify. However local Thai not many of them have dental record that is why there are many person still unclassified. Moreover the number of injury totaled 8 457 persons. Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Ministry of Interior These people need to transported out of the affected areas to the nearby hospital where immediate medical treatment was provided. Finally according to loss of lives has created an enormous impact emotional to their families relatives and friends. But most importantly as many as 882 orphans who either lost father mother or both from the Thai tsunami. These significant loss caused Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in children after the Thai tsunami. There is a report shows in Bang Muang school survives the Thai tsunami 211 out of 627 surviving children exhibit symptoms for mental health risk and 171 children suffered from loss of one or both parents. Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Ministry of Interior This psychological impact cannot compensated in monetary terms but it is felt by all. From the same research there were 42 children who were not directly in the water but lived in the affected area and know the survivors showed this symptoms too. Not only loss of lives many survivors from the killer waves had caught disease such as Ying 25 years old Thai woman she had caught ear infection. She still need to see her doctor every month and it costs 2 000 baht which is difficult for her family to support it. Sareenun 2007 In conclusion the impact of economy loss of lives and mental health are the magnitude effect of the tsunami in Thailand 2004. Most of impact took placed in the form of loss of lives while the economic impact is in the form of loss of business and the mental health of people in the affected areas which their lives will not be the same again. Bibliography Israngkura Adis. 2005 . Economic impact of tsunami on Thailand. Sareenun Tinnakorn. 2007 . A Hope for a new life two years after the tsunami. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
