The Internet Change the Information of the World The Internet is one of the critical inventions human being has made. Windows 95 which provided general people with an easy access to the Internet were released 1995. On that time people lived without the Internet. During only 15 years the Internet has changed our lives dramatically. It is difficult to imagine the life without the Internet nowadays. Although the Internet brings only information information has strong effect for people's lives. In the Renaissance the invention of movable type enables the distribution of information as printed books. Now the Internet has made the great change for the information transferring as same as movable type had made. The Internet has changed the ways of getting sending and exchanging information. Google and countless web sites enable people to get information widely and quickly. Before the spread of the Internet the almost only way that people could find the information about their question is to look for the information in books such as dictionaries and encyclopedias. Randy Pausch 2008 p. 22 Who was the late professor of Carnegie Mellon University told the episode of his childhood in the autobiography. His family kept a dictionary near the table and they consulted the dictionary and the encyclopedia almost every night. If he had grown up today these books would have been replaced by a computer. People can access almost all kind of information with the Internet. In the U. S more than 14. 7 Billion searches are conducted every month comScore 2010 . In 2009 Wikipedia contains more than 14. 5 Million articles in 270 languages and 344 million users visited the site every month Wikimedia Foundation n. D. . Although it is still important to look for more reliable information in books and articles the enormous amount of information in the Internet can provide the first answer of most of questions. The Internet gives people new opportunity to write articles and opinions in public. Before the Internet to write in public needs the mass media or other publication and only limited number of people such as specialists journalists and politicians could express their opinion or works in public. Now general people can have their own homepage. The contents of personal homepage can deal with not only difficult social problem but also personal hobbies and personal opinions. Some people release their cooking recipes. Other people write comments about books they read. Even if personal information is difficult to be published such kind of information is enough attractive to the people who have the same hobby or the same values. As an additional example of interesting phenomenon a German publisher announced that they would publish Wikipedia which is a great work of about 100 000 anonymous volunteers Wikimedia Foundation n. D. As a printed book Cohen 2008 . The Internet accepts information which general publication can't cover and the same time the information on the Internet expressed by general people can be the source of the future publishing. The Internet also has been creating the new way to exchange information with others. Before the Internet people had been communicated with others who exit around them. It needed time and cost to exchange information with the people who live apart from. A mail needs several days until it reaches. A long distance call cost lots of money. The Internet dissolves the problem of the distance. The email can reach the destination in a minute. Skype enable people to call to others at long distance for free. Moreover social networking sites such as MySpace Facebook and Twitter become popular recently. To have or to read homepages means an only single way of information flow. These social networking sites enable people to communicate with others and exchange information. In addition to communicate with real world friends these social networking sites make it possible to meet new friends in the Internet. Israel called the world of Twitter as Twitterville and he described that people can meet others from worldwide with homey feel like neighborhoods in Twitter 2009 p. 9 . The Internet has already changed the way we deal with the information. Our world has been changed. We can't return to the day we didn't use the Internet. All kind of technologies has both merits and demerits and no one knows exactly that this change makes human more happy or unhappy. However I'm interested in the fact that I can witness the great change of the world. Cohen N. 2008 April 23 . A Slice of german wikipedia to be captured on paper. The New York Times Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_comScore. 2010 March 10 . ComScore releases february 2010 U. S. Search engine rankings. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Israel S. 2009 . Twitterville how businesses can thrive in the new global neighborhoods. New York NY Penguin Group. Pausch R. 2008 . The Last lecture. New York NY Hyperion. Wikimedia Foundation. N. D. . 2008 2009 Wikimedia Foundation annual report. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
