The Effects of the Reduced Working Time About eight years ago most people worked more than 45 hours a week in South Korea. However as the number of the unemployed increased the Korean government announced a policy to reduce the unemployment rate. The Korean government thought that if employees volunteered to reduce their work schedule the unemployed would have a better opportunity to find a job. As time passed companies introduced this policy. In this case we should pose the question What are the effects of the reduced work schedule on individual First I will examine the negative effects of a reduced work schedule. The most obvious negative effect is a decrease in income due to the reduced work schedule. The reason is that the income depends on how long time workers spend time to work. They shared the income each other by sharing working time reducing income. That means that individuals had to spend less money and cut expenses while prices went up. However as time passed the income was back on track. In addition workers felt irritated because the environment around workplace was changed a lot. They had to finish a lot of work in a shorter time than before the introduction of the policy. That means that if employees work at the same speed they can't finish their work. Another major problem is to use the bank. All banks in South Korea were open on Saturdays. However after the reduced work schedule they closed on Saturdays. Customers were forced to finish work so that they could use the bank every Friday instead of Saturday. On the contrary to these it also had some positive effects. First workers would spend more time for family and friends which strengthened a bond. For example before the introduction of the reduced work schedule most workers wanted to take a rest on Sundays just staying at home because they felt exhausted to work. However they would were willing to enjoy the weekends with their family and friends by the benefit of the policy. Also workers would spend more time for studying and self improvement. If they want to study more about their career the companies would adjust time to fit their schedules and even worker could attend a university class. Finally the efficiency of work was improved. Workers would devote themselves to working. Assume two different people. One person had enough time to be refreshed after and before working while the other one lacked. Which one does devote self to working This question is pretty simple to everyone. The reduced work schedule made it possible and by extension made efficient companies which earned more money and gave more salary to worker. In either case most government's policies have both positive and negative effects on us. However it was true that government tried to make a policy to reduce the employment rate and in part this policy had a positive effect on workers. At the result of the policy the quality of lives of workers was improved.
