Child poverty According to the Oxford University dictionary poverty is the state of being extremely poor or the state of being insufficient in amount. Thus Child poverty means when a child fails to meet the minimum acceptable standard of life. This particular issue has been raised as a critical dilemma around the world since it is a global issue on both devolved and developing countries. Also of the world's 1. 2 Billion people living in poverty more than 600 million are children UNICEF The State of the World's Children 2000 . Therefore there are many activists organizations have established programs and held a number of campaigns to address the effects of poverty on children. According to Make Child Poverty History which is an organization aiming to create lasting positive change in the lives of children in need around the world Poverty has a major influence on health care and basic education for children around the world . These two major effects of poverty which have enormous influences to the children will be discussed in much detail on the following paragraphs. One of the most influential consequences of child poverty is lack of health care. According to the United Nations Children's Fund UNICEF report there are 68 deaths per 1 000 live births in 2007. This number of death should not be accepted especially when many of these deaths are preventable and can be afforded by providing basic health care services. Furthermore poor children are suffering from many diseases such as malaria AIDS and more diseases. As a result of these diseases their life will changed and they will not have the same opportunities as well as the healthy children. On the other hand parents might think in gaining money illegally to save their children life which mean the number of crime will increase. Also if those childes had not gotten a remedy Diseases would spread around and will be a rampant illness. Thus all the wealthy countries should consider this issue as a serious matter and contribute to all the organizations that taking care of the poor children because everyone on the world deserves to obtain the basic health care regardless of his ability to pay for it. Children are the future for every nation and the only mean to lead and succeed on the future is to be educated. But for the poor Childs it is other story since they are forced to work and to help their family or to be alive. As a result of this those children will grow without education and they will not find a job on the future since they will compete with educated youths. Moreover because of the unequal educational opportunities failing public schools and the inability of many poor families to pay for a higher quality private education children of poor and minority parents are more likely to struggle in school than are their wealthier White peers Wells Crain 1997 . Therefore it is safe to the government to provide free public schools for those children who live at or below the poverty level to prevent them from being criminals on the future. In conclusion after addressing all the negatives impacts of children poverty governments should take a serious action to solve this issue since it has a vast influence to the society. Moreover every child deserves to have the essentials of clean water health care and basic education. Also children should be considered as the future and the society should participate to help them. Citation Wells A. S. Crain R. L. 1997 . Stepping over the color line African American students in White suburban schools. New Haven CT Yale University Press. United Nations Children's Fund UNICEF ANON_URLSITE_Make Child Poverty History ANON URLSITE
