Indent There are many events you participate in or help make come true and be enjoyable. However there is one that you insist on making it perfect from your childhood your wedding ceremony. Like all girls I had my own plans and expectations about this day especially my wedding dress and the location. I always wanted an outdoor location with a large pool a lot of red flowers some candles tasty food and of course I wanted to make sure that all my guests have a great time. We started planning our wedding almost one year ahead. Of course we needed some help so we collaborated with a wedding planner who helped us with communications appointments and choices. Then we gave our attention to another aspect which is the dress. The challenge was to choose a dress that looks nice fits me well and gives a nice impression. Thank God I found it in a magazine a design that I loved and I was very satisfied. Later we went to a well known tailor who helped me make the wedding gown. Then I started trying it on every once and a while to make sure that it fits me well. Two months before the big day I had a lot of stress worrying about details and invitations and a long list of things that I had to do. Sometimes I ran late I missed some deadlines and I faced some tough decisions. Overall I did very well. The time passed very quickly and the day I had been waiting for all my life arrived but on my wedding day I had to deal with an unexpected problem which was the surprising illness of my mother. It was hard for me because she had to go to the hospital instead of preparing for my wedding ceremony. I was very upset but two hours later I got a phone call and she told me that she was feeling better and she was going to be ready on time. I had my happy face again. I was looking forward to the ceremony. Every thing was going wonderful as we had planned. Honestly I felt overwhelmed because I just had my dream wedding. I feel that every girl deserves to feel very happy and satisfied on her wedding day because it is an event that happens once in our lifetime and it is necessary to put all our efforts and abilities to do the best we can to realize our dreams and that is what I did. Right now when I recall my wedding day sometimes I laugh but I feel all the time satisfied all the time.
