Mandatory military service obviously against Do you remember the movie Save Private Ryan In this movie a group of men have to find the last one of three brothers that died in the Second World War. All the brothers were called to fight in the war one after one. This is a desperate mission they have to find the last one brother because the Government cannot allow that all the sons of only one family could die in this war. I know this is only a movie but what do you think if this situation would happen today to a family with three or four sons or daughters Someone could answer it could not be possible. I am Italian and in my country the mandatory military service was abolished in 2005. The debate was so long and involved the media and the highest powers of our country. We are not a bellicose country and we don't have enemies that would attack our territory. We are trying to take part only in pacific missions and for these kinds of operations there are specialized military corps maybe in other countries like Israel the issue is more complicated and but the key question remains and it is very up to date. How could an only 18 year old boy or girl be able to defend our country after one year of military service There is no possible comparison with men or women that choose consciously to begin a military career and as a consequence they attend a specific military school and academy where there are war professionals and regular soldiers that teach and are able to development the military skills in these people. Mandatory military service obviously against Do you remember the movie Save Private Ryan In this movie a group of men have to find the last one of three brothers that died in the Second World War. All the brothers were called to fight in the war one after one. This is a desperate mission they have to find the last one brother because the Government cannot allow that all the sons of only one family could die in this war. I know this is only a movie but what do you think if this situation would happen today to a family with three or four sons or daughters Someone could answer it could not be possible. I am Italian and in my country the mandatory military service was abolished in 2005. The debate was so long and involved the media and the highest powers of our country. We are not a bellicose country and we don't have enemies that would attack our territory. We are trying to take part only in pacific missions and for these kinds of operations there are specialized military corps maybe in other countries like Israel the issue is more complicated and but the key question remains and it is very up to date. How could an only 18 year old boy or girl be able to defend our country after one year of military service There is no possible comparison with men or women that choose consciously to begin a military career and as a consequence they attend a specific military school and academy where there are war professionals and regular soldiers that teach and are able to development the military skills in these people. Mandatory military service obviously against Do you remember the movie Save Private Ryan In this movie a group of men have to find the last one of three brothers that died in the Second World War. All the brothers were called to fight in the war one after one. This is a desperate mission they have to find the last one brother because the Government cannot allow that all the sons of only one family could die in this war. I know this is only a movie but what do you think if this situation would happen today to a family with three or four sons or daughters Someone could answer it could not be possible. I am Italian and in my country the mandatory military service was abolished in 2005. The debate was so long and involved the media and the highest powers of our country. We are not a bellicose country and we don't have enemies that would attack our territory. We are trying to take part only in pacific missions and for these kinds of operations there are specialized military corps maybe in other countries like Israel the issue is more complicated and but the key question remains and it is very up to date. How could an only 18 year old boy or girl be able to defend our country after one year of military service There is no possible comparison with men or women that choose consciously to begin a military career and as a consequence they attend a specific military school and academy where there are war professionals and regular soldiers that teach and are able to development the military skills in these people.
