She is an introvert person but she is not shy at least. She usually works effectively and shows her best strength when she works on something alone. For example she gets a good score on a test if she studies herself. On the contrary if she studies with her friends she starts to mind about them and cannot keep her pace and concentrate her study at all. At last she gets a bad score on a test. She likes to be and talk with people but she cannot completely demonstrate her abilities when she is with others. After she is or talks with others for a while she starts to feel a bit tired and think about something else. Although an extrovert person may work effectively and show his or her capabilities when he or she works with others in terms of this point she is not extravert at all. Also she is quite a practical and logical person. To illustrate this personality let me give you a good example. Every time she saw her parents arguing she just tried to stop it because she objectively judged it based on her experience. This means she thought that what was happening was an argument it was a bad event and it had to be stopped. She did not try to see the relationship between her parents so she did not realize for many years that her parents actually enjoyed arguing. If she had been a more intuitive person and had more insight to judge what is really happening or what the real meaning of what she sees she would have been able to notice the meaning of her parents' argument and not have stopped it. She wishes she could take more intuitional actions. In addition she feels comfortable with organized circumstances. If things are settled and situations are predictable she feels at ease. For instance when she takes a trip without any hotel reservations she cannot go anywhere or enjoy the trip because she will be always concerned about where to stay. As another example when she has her flight or train cancelled the sudden event makes her get flustered. She does not know what to do immediately. She is in a panic so it takes quite some time for her to settle down and start to think about and take a next step. She likes to have set plans. No hotel reservations seem to mean a lot of options about her stay. Although it is good to keep her options open a flexible circumstance gives her uncomfortableness and uneasiness. She sometimes thinks she wants to make decisions more freely based on her personal values and do or say something different she really wants to. However she cannot do that unless she has more free and flexible mind so she sometimes feels frustrated and restrained and also feels like she always tracks the course. She thinks she wants to break and jump out of her rigid standards for judgment. I hope she can. Who do you think she is She is me.
