The intelligence could be a result of good genetics however it is primarily a result of the environment in which a child is raised. The child brain is just like a huge cup tolerates as much as it can of information. As well as the child is raised is as much as the child gets. Raising the children in a comfortable environment makes him more creative and emerge their proclivities for several reasons such as child brain peer pressure and psychological effects. First of all the child brain is an empty book and needs an author. Therefore the way or the environment in which the child is raised in would fill this empty book that actually refers to the child brain. For example raising the child in how to utilize his tong to be a good speaker instead of leaving him in a terrible environment that makes him implement the knife to hurt people. Secondly peer pressure is one of the most common factors that affect the child. Peer pressure is considered as one of the environment influences that signify children intelligence. For example it is claimed that children would have influenced by peers more than the family and the peers are considered as an environmental effect that children live. Parents must be careful and put their eyes on their children. Finally psychological effects are the most important factors that could affect the child intelligence. Psychological term could be for or against the child. For example if the children are facing tension stressed or family problems that would charge them to be more aggressive or weak than being intelligent and use their brain to solve the situations thus if the children's psychological term are fine the children would feel comfortable to enhance their performance better and get the ideas more clearly. Briefly children intelligence reinforced by the environment because of their brain peer pressure and the psychological terms that affect them. Parents should give their children the care that make their children enhance the way they think their performance and their philosophy of life.
