March 22 2010 Assignment Writing 5 Cause an Effect Essay. Topic The word economy is in a serious recession. What have been he results of these economic problems in your country Explain By Alejandra Last Name The international Economic Crises affects Venezuela Venezuelan economy is complex and unique. It is mainly dependant on the oil industry that is controlled by the government. This economic framework makes most of Venezuelan companies dependant in one way or another of the government. In the past 10 years the government has implemented drastic economical measures to manipulate the country that have affected all companies working with in the country and trigger an national economic crisis. This internal crisis has been intensified by the American housing crisis that has affected the oil price the cash flow in global companies and has unstabilized the global economy. As was said before Venezuelan economy is dependant in the oil prices. If the oil prices go down the government revenues decrease as well. The problem is that the government is the biggest employer in the country consequently if it can't pay their employees the common action is that they devaluate the currency. That way with the same amount of dollars they obtain more Bolivar's Fuertes Venezuelan Current Currency witch allows them to pay the employees. But these affect the people. It could even be consider a robbery because people work for an amount of money and after a devaluation that high the amount of money they are receiving sometimes represents half of what they were told they would receive. An other consequence of the economical crises on Venezuela was the decrease of foreign investments. Many global companies were struggling to survive with make them halt their investment on Venezuela. These affected also many international subsidiaries witch had to reduce their presence in Venezuela as they stop receiving helps from their headquarters. Finally even if Venezuelan economy has been hit by a more strong internal economical crises it was also inevitable affected by the international housing crises with help increase inflation and reduce investment on the country.
