Education is the root of a country. It is also thought that education is a symbol of a country because there is no advanced or developed country has a non educated system and that is why no matter what poor or rich countries they are all emphasize that put education as a priority in their policies. In Taiwan the government takes education seriously and attempts to improve the quality of education. However recently years there has existed a phenomenon in Taiwan. That is the few teacher vacancies especially for elementary school teachers in Taiwan. There are three main reasons for this serious issue such as declining economy an inappropriate policy and decreasing birth rate. First of all declining economy is a crucial factor to impact the society in Taiwan. Due to an island most of businesses in Taiwan are related to international enterprises or overseas markets. Therefore by declining global economy people in Taiwan also suffered this pressure and looked for work hardly. During this meant time many public school teachers wanted to retire because the retirement pay is so plenty. However the government set a limit to teachers who want to retire and postponed the date of teachers' retirement because if the government guaranteed all retirement requests it would be a heavy burden of financial difficulty to the country. Second an inappropriate policy influenced the teacher nurture system a lot. Almost ten years ago because of the declining global economy it was hard to look for work. According to the central news agency of Taiwan News 2010 pointed out that comparing now with ten years ago Taiwan's unemployment rate has grown from higher than 3 percent to 5 percent. Furthermore the unemployment rate of 25 29 year old people have risen from 3. 8 Percent to 8. 8 Percent and the group of 20 24 brackets has risen from 6. 8 Percent to 14. 7 Percent. However at that time teachers were considered to be an Iron Rice Bowl which means they don't have to worry about being laid off by government and still can keep high reputation and good salary. Thus many people wanted to get the teacher license and worked in public schools. This situation caused legislators and Councilors pushed the government revised the law that allows many general universities to have qualification to nurture teachers instead of teacher colleges. As a result of the revised law the government expanded the approach to develop teachers. A few years later there were increasing amount of teachers every year. Although it opened the teacher market needs it still upset the balance between demand and supply. Finally decreasing birth rate is the most serious and critical reason which induced the teacher vacancy problem. When the previous reason met this new issue decreasing birth rate has begun to destroy the teacher vacancy system completely. Tso 2009 has mentioned that Taiwan had the lowest birth rate which one woman just has only child in the world last year. To understand the behind factor of decreasing birth rate economy is regarded as the principal consideration Lin C. Y. Yen C. L. Yen ANON_NAME_0 Chu 2007 . If parents have children whatever time or cost of children's education would be the burden for the parents. Moreover in this generation there are more and more couples who enjoy their marriage without children and even some people are celibate. According to these factors decreasing birth rate and increasing teacher rate triggered off overload teachers. People called these overload teachers vagrant teachers who graduated from teacher school but can not find a job especially elementary school has met this catastrophe first. The government could not solve this serious problem when the fact has been happened so they fasten the vacancy to candidates for full time teachers in order to control the balance of demand and supply in school. There are many cities in Taiwan even have no vacancy for permanent employees. In conclusion the phenomenon of few teacher vacancies is a chronic situation in Taiwan's educational environment. It is caused by declining economy an inappropriate policy and decreasing birth rate. Although the global economic issue can not be solved immediately the educational problem can not be detained. In order to improve the strength of the country the government should have positive policy to face it.
