Should be legal downloading artistic information from the internet Internet is the most important communicator for people all around the world. It helps us to find a lot of useful things for us. But sometimes downloading some important information from the internet is not legal. However downloading artistic information from the internet should be legal because it helps artists and some people can't have a greater access. Artists who are very popular persons a lot of people want to know their life and want to share something with artists but close to be them sometimes impossible for some people. Internet can be a useful factor for communication between these people. If downloading some artistic information from the internet such as some photographs some songs can be legal a lot of people can meet with the artists. So artists can be more and more popular. For example downloading some popular songs from the internet can be legal a lot of people share it with another persons. The songs and the singers can be very popular in the short time. So they can take a lot of jobs and advertisement proposals and make more money. Some people say that downloading some important information such as important writings and famous novels should be legal. Some poor people who don't buy the books from the book store but these people can read on the internet. Because internet is everywhere when you go to coffee shops you can read these famous writing easily on the internet. Sometimes we don't have a free time for read to books but we can read the novel's summary on the internet. Of course writers lose money but they can be very famous in the short time. Some people who disagree say that downloading some artistic information from the internet shouldn't be legal. Some people create new things for example filmmakers use their intelligent and produce new intellectual property but piracies steal these people's intellectual property for example some of many types piracy include making copy DVD and using hand held video cameras in public movie theatres and they can make a lot of illegal money. So real intelligent people lose money. In addition there are some copyright laws and treaties to protect property between the nations. Nowadays internet is used most commonly among the people. It helps some artists who they can be very famous easily. But only downloading some general information should be legal not everything. Some bad people shouldn't use artist's private information. This information should stay private. The piracies shouldn't steal artist's intellectual property and laws should protect these intellectual property.
