How Has the Internet Changed the Education In this time the communication between the people is changed. The life and the education were very simple. People used the traditional ways to study which are reading books or learning with a teacher. Nowadays after the internet invention the learning has changed. The learning became easier than before. I think the biggest two benfits of the internet are it became the beggiest information resource and it helps students to communicate with their institution. The internet changed the education by adding the online systems which has web resources. Some of the people are happy with this technology because they can get the information easily from any field. For example if a student does not understand any point of his course he can use the internet to get more information about what he needs. The essiest way to communicate with any institution is the internet. Students can apply and study in different places while they are still in their place or in their job without changing anything from their status. For example if someone cannot study because his job or he is in a hospital or any other reasons he can study in different places by using the online education. So the internet helps people in this case. Also the communication between the students and their school became easier with the internet. For example students can communicate with their school by using online system. So those are some reasons about why they accept the internet. However we do not know if the internet has changed the world to the good side or the bad side. In other side we can say that the internet encourages laziness and harms the vision the body and the social life. That is why some people do not like to use the internet and disagree with using the internet services on their education. I agree of that internet has a bad side. However all of these sides the internet and the traditional life are very important for people. So if we divided the services into traditional services and internet services which integrate with the traditional services to make it balanced and to give anyone the option of using what is suitable for his status. The internet helps people to communicate with the entire world and to get any information from any field. So we cannot stop the internet services in order to solve some problems but we can limit the uses of the internet in order to balance the traditional life and the internet services. While the internet facilitates the communication and getting the information it also encourages laziness and facilitates the way to get the bad information for children and adults. So I hope we can see the internet like ATM machine vending machine or any other machine just take what you want from it without spending long time facing the screen.
