Education is the root of a country. It is also thought that education is a symbol of a country because there is no advanced or developed country that has no education system and that is why no matter how countries poor or rich are they are all emphasize education as a priority in their policies. In Taiwan the government takes education seriously and attempts to improve the quality of education. However in recent years there has existed a phenomenon in Taiwan in which there are few teacher vacancies especially for elementary school teachers. There are three main reasons for this serious issue such as the declining economy an inappropriate policy and the decreasing birth rate. First of all the declining economy is a crucial factor impacting the society in Taiwan. Because it is an island most of the businesses in Taiwan are related to international enterprises or overseas markets. Therefore because of the declining global economy people in Taiwan might suffer this pressure and look hard for work. During the past ten years many public school teachers wanted to retire because the retirement pay is so generous. However the government set a limit on teachers who want to retire and postponed the date of teachers' retirement because if the government guaranteed all retirement requests it would be a heavy financial burden for the country. Second an inappropriate policy has influenced the teacher training system a lot. Almost ten years ago because of the declining global economy it was hard to look for work. According to the central news agency of the Taiwan News 2010 compared to ten years ago Taiwan's unemployment rate has grown from about 3 percent to 5 percent. Furthermore the unemployment rate of 25 29 year old people has risen from 3. 8 Percent to 8. 8 Percent and the bracket of 20 24 year olds the rate has risen from 6. 8 Percent to 14. 7 Percent. However previously teaching profession was considered to be an Iron Rice Bowl which means they did not have to worry about being laid off by the government and could still keep their status and good salary. Thus many people wanted to have a teacher license and work in the public schools. This situation caused legislators and councilors to push the government to revise the law that allows many general universities to have the qualification to train teachers instead of teacher colleges. As a result of the revised law the government expanded the approach to developing teachers. A few years later there were an increasing number of teachers every year. The balance between demand and supply was upset. Finally the decreasing birth rate is the most serious and critical reason which induced the teacher vacancy problem. According to Tso 2009 a journalist in Time Taiwan had the lowest birth rate in the world last year a woman just has only one child. To understand the factors behind the decreasing birth rate the economy is regarded as the principal consideration Lin Yen Yen ANON_NAME_0 Chu 2007 . If parents have children whatever the time or cost of their children's education would be a burden for the parents. Moreover in this generation there are more and more couples who enjoy their marriage without children and even some people are celibate. Based on these factors the decreasing birth rate and the increasing teacher rate triggered an overload of teachers. People have called these surplus teachers vagrant teachers who graduated from teacher school but not can find a job. The government could not solve this serious problem when the phenomenon has happened so they closed the vacancies to full time candidates in order to control the balance of demand and supply in school. In conclusion the phenomenon of few teacher vacancies is a chronic situation in Taiwan's educational environment. It is caused by the declining economy an inappropriate policy and the decreasing birth rate. Although the global economic issue not can be solved immediately addressing the educational problem not can be postponed. In order to improve the strength of the country the government should have a positive policy to face it.
