Even though marriage is considered as the biggest and most important personal event Korean women tend to get married late. According to a survey conducted by Statistics Korea 2009 Korean women's age at marriage was 23. 2 In 1981 but it was 28. 3 In 2008 chart 1 . The result of this survey indicates the marriage age has increased 5 years in about three decades. Moreover in 2009 it is said that Korean women wanted to get married at the age of 30. 6 Korea Institute for Health and Social Affairs 2009 . There are several reasons why the average age at marriage is on the rise including financial independence issues increasing desire for self achievement and a desire to enjoy a single life. First the financial independence issue delays women's marriage. In Korea due to the expensive price of houses many newlyweds begin their new life in a house for on a deposit money basis a real estate system specialized in Korea. In that system tenants deposit big money at once for borrowing the house several years then when they move they get the money back. However the deposit is also expensive because usually it is more than 100 000. Therefore young people have to save money and achieve financial independence before they get married which leads to delayed marriage. In addition men's financial independence can also affect the time of women's marriage. For example Korean men have to be in the military service for 2 years. As a consequence their time to go into the world is late. Therefore even though women want to get married their boyfriend might not have been financially prepared to get married. Second the increasing desire for self achievement raises the average of women's marriage age. According to a survey conducted by Statistics Korea 2009 the college entrance rate of women has grown to 82. 4 In 2009 from 31. 9 In 1990. The high college entrance rate of women reflects a desire for self achievement. 20 Years ago going to university was not common for women. If they didn't go to university some of them usually worked as a secretary an accounting clerk or a worker in a factory after graduating from high school and others stayed at home with their parents helping with housework. Then they tended to get married before they turned 25. To get married seemed to be priority for them. However these days 8 out of 10 women go to university and they want to have a career. Moreover a great number of Korean women go to grad school or study abroad for their professional achievement. It is thought that self achievement is more important for them than a marriage. The extended duration of study postpones the time of entering the workforce which leads to late marriage. Finally women want to enjoy their single life more. They want to spend more time as a single lady finding a better guy because marriage means a promise to be with one guy forever. A few decades ago women tended to marry their first lovers or their parents arranged their marriage. If a woman had had several boyfriends before getting married it was thought to be inappropriate or too liberal. However these days women seek for their own spouse by dating with guys. Also Korean women do not want to be involved in marital life early because marriage requires responsibility and sacrifice. Especially in Korea the relationship with the mother in law is not easy because mothers who have sons tend to be concerned about their son excessively. Their concern is attributed to the Korean traditional notion of preferring a son to a daughter. Even though there are many rational mothers in law some mothers still think marriage of their son deprives them of their son. Also on holidays including New Years Day and Korean Thanksgiving Day married women usually work in their in laws' house which can be a significant burden for women. Consequently women who have not married fear a marital life and they want to enjoy their single life. Marriage is a social system that makes a stable relationship between a man and a woman possible. Many women want to get married. However financial issues desire for self achievement and the advantages of single life defer the time to get married and it is said that the women's average age of marriage will be higher in the future. References Dynamic statistics of population. 2009 . Statistics Korea. National survey of marriage and birth. 2009 . Korea Institute for Health and Social Affairs Women's lives seen through statistics. 2009 . Statistics Korea.
