Different cultural expectations of success I think there are several different expectations of success for males and females in my country. First of all when we were children we could see different cultural expectations from our parents. Take falling down as an example. If you were a boy and you fell down and cried your parents would say Don't cry you are a boy. Get up by yourself. In contrast if you were a girl your parents would comfort you and help you get up. Therefore parents expect boys to be brave and strong but for girls these two characteristics are not necessary. Second take driving as an example people expect men to drive very well because it seems natural. If you were a man you probably could drive very well. If you were a woman and you drive very well people will feel surprised and applaud you. In my experience when the driver is a man and he saw a car moving very slowly he would always say The driver must be a woman. Thus people have different expectations for males and females about driving a car. People also have different expectations for getting job between males and females. For males it's important to have a good job and a high salary. If a man doesn't have a job people will think that is because he doesn't have great ability. On the other hand for females it's good to have a job but a high salary is not necessary. Moreover if a woman doesn't have a job it's okay. So people expect a man to have a job because it represents how great his ability is. For women however that they don't have jobs is not because of their lack of ability. The reason for females who don't have jobs could be they have to do something more important. For instance taking care of their children and family very well seems more important than having a good job. In summary I believe having different expectations for males and females is just a common situation but it is not necessary. Especially nowadays people are changing their thinking about expectations of men and women. I believe that is because men and women are getting more and more equal rights in many aspects. Such as education political participation and working. Because of both men and women can have equal opportunities for their education they will be treated as equal. Consequently if men can do their jobs very well the women must be able to do them as well as the men. On the contrary doing housework and taking care of children are only women's work no more. If the husband can take care of children better his wife it will be fine the wife goes out to work and earns money and the husband stays at home and takes care of their family. That is what kind of duty they choose as their own depends on the ability they have not on their gender. In other words they select what they want rather than what people expect they should do. Thus in my opinion the different expectations of success for males and females will get smaller and smaller.
