Causes of Drug Use People usually use drugs to relieve their pain or to recover from any kind of illness and drugs should be prescribed by a professional therapist. Although drugs or medicine have a lot of advantages there are still some restrictions in using them because using them without consultation might harm the body and excessive use of drugs such as marijuana or cocaine might lead to addiction. A few people use drugs illegally in terms of relaxing or enjoying however there are some reasons behind this such as stress poverty and TV programs. The first important reason of why some people use drugs is stress addicted people think that using illegal drugs gives them a solution for their stress. This means that stress might push people to use drugs to relieve these symptoms which happened because of stress. According to Hamidovic et. Al 2010 stress is thought to contribute to both initiation and relapse to drug abuse. However the mechanisms by which stress influences drug use are unclear. Interestingly responses to acute administration of stimulant drugs resemble certain neuronal and hormonal responses to acute stress and there is accumulating evidence that individual variation in the positive reinforcing or euphorigenic effects of a drug is related to individual differences in responsibility to acute stress. As stress relief many people in a stressful situation want something that is quick and easy to get their mind off their problems. By drinking alcohol some people are able to forget about their problems and so it becomes a temporary solution to their problem . Unfortunately excessive drinking only leads to more problems and while you may forget about something for a few hours while drinking it does not actually provide an end to the cause of stress Drug Addiction Recovery 2007 . The second reason why some people use drugs is poverty some poor people dissatisfy from their status being poor so they escape from this feeling by using drugs. Drug use prevalence in the poor children studied was below that observed in other population based studies in Brazil yet similar to that of adults. The identification of groups most subject to excessive drug use may serve as the basis for strategies to promote their rational use Santos et. Al 2009 . The third reason why some people use drugs is TV programs some people watch specific programs which show addicted people and how they are enjoying using drugs. These programs show how they can get this type of drugs or why they using it or even just looking at them while they are using drugs. Drug Addiction Recovery Association 2007 mentions that social influence We're constantly surrounded by the acceptance and encouragement of alcohol in many different situations. From television advertisements to walking into a restaurant that serves alcohol we constantly see things that encourage drinking. Many restaurants will post their daily drink specials 1 drafts for example or have banners and signs featuring certain types of alcohol. Watch any football game on television and you'll likely see plenty of beer commercials. While obviously a television commercial isn't going to cause you to start drinking directly it adds to the social influence and acceptance of alcohol in our society. The more normal and accepted alcohol becomes the easier it is for people to disregard the dangers of alcohol abuse . In conclusion it clearly can be seen that people can use drugs in the proper way and cannot use them without permission. Despite of that medicine have a lot of benefits but nobody can use them without prescription. There are some reasons behind using drugs which may lead to a lot of problems to the individual or to the society such as tension being poor and some bad TV shows. References 1 Drug Addiction Recovery association 2007 . 2 Hamidovic A. Childs E. Conrad M. King A. And de Wit H. 2010 . Stress induced changes in mood and cortisol release predict mood effects of amphetamine. Chicago IL Epub. Ahead of print. 3 Santos D. B Barreto M. L and Coelho H. L. 2009 . Drug use and associated factors in children living in poor areas. Journal of Review Saude Publication 43 5 768 78. ANON_NAME_0
