Parents play the most important role in the growing up of their children. In my opion despite some very good characteristics parents have they can't be the best teachers of their children. First of all parents are able to have knowledge in some fields but not all the fields. It is not true that parents know everything in the world. Sometimes they just have a passing acquaintance of some subjects. They shouldn't teach their children something that they don't know thoroughly. For example a very famous physicist can't teach his children chemistry though he is very good at physics because his knowledge of chemistry isn't enough to teach his children. So that's why parents always search for good teachers to teach their children what they need to learn rightly. Secondly parents want to teach their children by their ways. They are right and they are wrong sometimes. For those who aren't be educated how to be good teachers it might be a very big problem. They can be good parents but hardly good teachers. For instance it's not simply to tell children what they should do and what they shouldn't. If the children don't follow their parents might get angry. In that case they lose their control and they just want their children to obey them without any decent explanation for their behavior. Parents should help their children be aware of the wrong and the right in order that they will know why their parents want them to follow their advice. Thirdly parents are easy to be wrong in educating their children in that they have much emotion. Under their eyes their children are obviously the best ones. They praise their children and encourage them to keep doing things though under other eyes the children should stop behaving like that. Consequently parents should be strict and thoughtful in some situation. As children don't acknowlege which is right and wrong they do anything they like. Parents should always watch on their children and guide them to do the right instead of letting them do whatever they want. Finally parents aren't always good teachers though they might be good parents. To be good teachers it is the way they educate their children which they should be concerned with rather than the way they love their children. Actually with some help
