Many people enjoy their free time and also plan their schedule. I am excited about in my free time. I have two favorite ways during my free time. The first way I usually cook food in my house. Before the day I always buy some kinds of food in the supermarket and prepare a lot of food such as meat vegetables fruit and so on. I used to cook some food in my country but now I do. I enjoy cooking. While I am cooking cuisine I am singing a song. It keeps my mind on cooking. When I finished the food I smelled the delicious food. I felt relax and enjoyed my wonderful cuisine. In my free time I sometimes hang out with classmate that is my second way. We have been seen a movie or left for shopping mall. For example last week we took the bus and went to a mall. When I was taking the bus I saw the view in Pittsburgh. We saw flowers that opening on the whole mountain. It starts the spring. That let me know much better this place in Pittsburgh. To sum up if you have to plan your schedule you can enjoy your free time. Many people enjoy their free time and also plan their schedule. I am excited about in my free time. I have two favorite ways during my free time. The first way I usually cook food in my house. Before the day I always buy some kinds of food in the supermarket and prepare a lot of food such as meat vegetables fruit and so on. I used to cook some food in my country but now I do. I enjoy cooking. While I am cooking cuisine I am singing a song. It keeps my mind on cooking. When I finished the food I smelled the delicious food. I felt relax and enjoyed my wonderful cuisine. In my free time I sometimes hang out with classmate that is my second way. We have been seen a movie or left for shopping mall. For example last week we took the bus and went to a mall. When I was taking the bus I saw the view in Pittsburgh. We saw flowers that opening on the whole mountain. It starts the spring. That let me know much better this place in Pittsburgh. To sum up if you have to plan your schedule you can enjoy your free time. Many people enjoy their free time and also plan their schedule. I am excited about in my free time. I have two favorite ways during my free time. The first way I usually cook food in my house. Before the day I always buy some kinds of food in the supermarket and prepare a lot of food such as meat vegetables fruit and so on. I used to cook some food in my country but now I do. I enjoy cooking. While I am cooking cuisine I am singing a song. It keeps my mind on cooking. When I finished the food I smelled the delicious food. I felt relax and enjoyed my wonderful cuisine. In my free time I sometimes hang out with classmate that is my second way. We have been seen a movie or left for shopping mall. For example last week we took the bus and went to a mall. When I was taking the bus I saw the view in Pittsburgh. We saw flowers that opening on the whole mountain. It starts the spring. That let me know much better this place in Pittsburgh. To sum up if you have to plan your schedule you can enjoy your free time. Many people enjoy their free time and also plan their schedule. I am excited about in my free time. I have two favorite ways during my free time. The first way I usually cook food in my house. Before the day I always buy some kinds of food in the supermarket and prepare a lot of food such as meat vegetables fruit and so on. I used to cook some food in my country but now I do. I enjoy cooking. While I am cooking cuisine I am singing a song. It keeps my mind on cooking. When I finished the food I smelled the delicious food. I felt relax and enjoyed my wonderful cuisine. In my free time I sometimes hang out with classmate that is my second way. We have been seen a movie or left for shopping mall. For example last week we took the bus and went to a mall. When I was taking the bus I saw the view in Pittsburgh. We saw flowers that opening on the whole mountain. It starts the spring. That let me know much better this place in Pittsburgh. To sum up if you have to plan your schedule you can enjoy your free time.
