The Internet Have Changed the Information of the World The Internet is one of the critical inventions humans have made. Windows 95 which provided ordinary people with an easy access to the Internet was released in 1995. At that time people lived without the Internet. For only 15 years the Internet has changed our lives dramatically. It is difficult to imagine life without the Internet nowadays. Although the Internet brings only information information has a strong effect on people's lives. During the Renaissance the invention of movable type enabled the distribution of information as printed books. Now the Internet has made a change of information transfer as great as movable type had made. The Internet has changed the ways of getting sending and exchanging information. First of all Google and countless web sites enable people to get information widely and quickly. Before the spread of the Internet almost the only way that people could find information about their question was to look for the information in books such as dictionaries and encyclopedias. Randy Pausch 2008 p. 22 Who was the late professor of Carnegie Mellon University told readers an episode of his childhood in his autobiography. His family kept a dictionary near the table and they consulted the dictionary and the encyclopedia almost every night. If he had grown up today these books would have been replaced by a computer. People can access almost all kinds of information with the Internet. In the U. S more than 14. 7 Billion searches are conducted every month ComScore 2010 . In 2009 Wikipedia contains more than 14. 5 Million articles in 270 languages and 344 million users visit the site every month Wikimedia Foundation n. D. . Although it is still important to look for more reliable information in books and articles the enormous amount of information on the Internet can provide the first answer to most questions. As the second change the Internet gives people new opportunity to write articles and opinions in public. Before the Internet to write in public needed the mass media or other publications and only a limited number of people such as specialists journalists and politicians could express their opinion or works in public. Now ordinary people can have their own homepage. The contents of a personal homepage can deal with not only difficult social problems but also personal hobbies and personal opinions. Some people release their cooking recipes. Other people write comments about books they read. Even if it is difficult to publish personal information such kind of information is attractive enough to the people who have the same hobby or the same values. As an additional example of an interesting phenomenon a German publisher announced that they would publish Wikipedia which is a great work of about 100 000 anonymous volunteers Wikimedia Foundation n. D. As a printed book Cohen 2008 . The Internet accepts information which general publications can't cover and at the same time the information on the Internet expressed by ordinary people can be the source of future publishing. The third change is that the Internet also has been creating a new way to exchange information with others. Before the Internet people had communicated with others who existed around them. It needed time and cost to exchange information with people who lived apart from. For example mail needs several days until it reaches the destination and a long distance call costs lots of money. The Internet dissolves the problem of distance. Compared to old ways email can reach the destination in a minute and Skype enables people to call others long distance for free. Moreover social networking sites such as MySpace Facebook and Twitter became popular recently. In contrast to the fact that having or reading homepages means an only single way of information flow these social networking sites enable people to communicate with others and exchange information. In addition to communication with real world friends these social networking sites make it possible to meet new friends on the Internet. Shel Israel a journalist of social media called the world of Twitter as Twitterville and he described Twitter as the place where people can meet others from all over the world with a homey feel like neighborhoods in Twitter 2009 p. 9 . The Internet has already changed the way we deal with information. Our world has been changed. We can't return to the day we didn't use the Internet. All kinds of technologies have both merits and demerits and no one knows exactly whether this change makes humans happier or not. However I'm interested in the fact that I can witness this great change of the world. Cohen N. 2008 April 23 . A Slice of German wikipedia to be captured on paper. The New York Times Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_ComScore. 2010 March 10 . ComScore releases February 2010 U. S. Search engine rankings. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Israel S. 2009 . Twitterville How businesses can thrive in the new global neighborhoods. New York NY Penguin Group. Pausch R. 2008 . The last lecture. New York NY Hyperion. Wikimedia Foundation. N. D. . 2008 2009 Wikimedia Foundation annual report. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
