The Effects of Self Medication in Brazil All things are poison and nothing is without poison only the dose permits something not to be poisonous Paracelsus 1493 1541 . In other words the difference between a medication and a poison is the dose. This is the main problem in self medication and the principal reason behind numerous deaths every year in Brazil. Self medication is the use of medications without a prescription or medical advice. According to the World Healthy Organization WHO more than 10 percent of medical hospitalizations are attributed to reactions or side effects of medications. In addition to that in Brazil every year 20 000 people die from the wrong use of medications according to the National System of Toxic Pharmacology Information Sinitox . The principal reason for these deaths is self medication. Data from Abifarma Brazilian Association of Pharmacies show that around 80 million people consume medication without prescription or medical advice in Brazil. According to WHO some effects of self medication are delay in diagnoses wrong treatment incorrect administration of the medication use of the inadequate dosage or excessive dosage excessive or short period of treatment addiction or abstinence symptoms potential side effects and allergic reactions bacterial resistance and interactions with other medications which the person have taken. All these effects listed are hazardous and can lead to complications as well as death. Thus self medication can disguise or delay diagnoses especially when the disease show acute symptoms. An example of that is the use of OTC medications such as Prilosec Omeprazole to treat heartburn. Even though the symptoms decrease or stop the real disease which was the cause of the symptoms were not discovered and also the diagnostic of a possible gastric or intestinal tumor was retarded and consequently could lead to a poor prognosis of the illness. Consequently potential side effects caused by excessive use of medications can be harmful and cause serious health problems. For example an abusive use of painkiller medications such as Tylenol Acetaminophen can cause liver failure. Usually people who take medications for treat pain or fever can take an excessive dosage of acetaminophen due to the use of different medications containing the drug acetaminophen. As a result people can have increased the total dosage and due to the toxic effect of acetaminophen in the liver liver failure can be induced. Otherwise in Brazil it is possible to buy antibiotics without a prescription in some drugstores. According to the National Agency of Sanitary Vigilance ANVISA 50 percent of antibiotics are sold without a prescription. Consequently self medication is stimulated and because of that people have trivialized the use of antibiotics. Usually the treatment does not follow guidance and as soon as the symptoms stop or decrease the parents stop given the medication for their children. As a result of the wrong use of antibiotics some bacteria can become resistant and the treatment can be ineffective in the future. The use of natural medications made from plants is very popular in Brazil. However being natural is not similar to being safe. Most Brazilians believe that taken natural medication is secure and totally safe. Subsequently people commonly make the mistake of exceed the use of these products doing self medication. Several kinds of natural medications are potentially toxic for some organs such as the liver and kidney. Some of them can cause abortion bleeding and death is possible. In addition to that interactions between medications are typical when people do self medication especially with elderly people. In general elderly people take prescriptions medications for chronic diseases and the use of other medication without prescriptions is typical. According to Marianela Flores Hekman President of the Brazilian Society of Gerontology and Geriatrics SBGG self medication can cause destabilization of the treatments of chronic diseases and toxic effects. According to her 44 of 2 019 patients admitted to use medications without medical advice. In 2009 the National Agency of Sanitary Vigilance ANVISA was especially concerned about self medication in particular the use of painkillers and fever reduce medications. These kind of medications can disguise and delay diagnoses of H1N1 flu. The H1N1 flu is a new disease and according specialists diagnoses can be misinterpreted when people take medication without prescription for release the symptoms of a common flu. In result of that ANVISA suspended advertisement of this kind of medication in Brazil in attempt to reduce the consume of these drugs. In the final analysis self medication induces tremendous effects in people's health and is an enormous public health concern in Brazil. Around 80 million Brazilians use self medication to treat their diseases and because of that numerous side effects are generated. The most important effects are disguise symptoms diagnosis delay and interactions between medications. All these effects can culminate in poor prognosis and death. However the real statistics of the effects of the use of medications without prescriptions are not accurately known because of the difficulties in collecting information and reporting the problems to ANVISA. The Brazilian government needs to emphasize the importance of the correct use of medications and give information to people about the harmfulness of self medication. In addition the government needs to provide access to doctors and hospitals to minimize self medication. Bibliography Unknown author 2001. Automedica
