Effects of Plastic Surgery Modern society regards a person's external appearance as being as important as an internal character. Most companies hire employees who have a neat appearance because the employees are an important factor for showing an image of the company. Thus lots of people want to have not only neat clothes but also good looks. People in modern society who use media such as television and the internet watch beautiful and handsome entertainers. Even if people have their own characteristics a criterion of beauty is adjusted to entertainers who appear in the media. Thus even common people would like to have looks like them. Developing medical technology makes people's hope about their appearance be realized. Plastic surgery which was used to be needed to cure patients has percolated up to the common people. Furthermore the plastic surgery which is now widespread for common people triggers contrastive effects which are positive and negative in the physical and psychological aspects of people. First there is a positive psychological effect. Most people get plastic surgery to supplement their external weakness. For example most Asians who have tiny eyes and noses get double eyelid surgery to have bigger eyes and nose surgery to have a higher nose. Some people who have small breasts get a breast implant. According to a study by Sarwer an associate professor of psychology at the Center for Human Appearance at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine 87 percent of people receiving cosmetic surgery 1 year ago was satisfied with their surgery including improvements in their overall body image and the body feature altered Dittmann 2005 p. 30 . As a consequence people who don't have confidence because they think that they aren't good looking can have confidence from the surgeries and then the enhancement of confidence makes them do much more thing in their life. Finally people can change future to be brighter. Plastic surgery changes a person's fortune which is really a positive psychological effect even if the change in confidence is not tangible at the first. On the other hand there is a negative psychological effect. For some people plastic surgery is the same as drugs. They are satisfied with the part which is more beautiful from the plastic surgery. However they want to get surgery on other parts of their body or the part which already have gotten the surgery because of an endless desire for beauty. Six years ago in South Korea there was a woman who became well known for coming on a TV program. People who saw the program called her an electronic fan aunty because her face was big like an electronic fan. The reason for her big face was an addiction to plastic surgery. Although she who was a singer originally had a beautiful face she abused illegal injections in her face to be more beautiful. She couldn't stop having injections and finally she got schizophrenia. This case shows the severe negative psychological effects of plastic surgery. Furthermore there are physical negative effects. Any kind of plastic surgery can have a side effect even if the surgery is simple such as double eyelid surgery. People who get breast implants also have side effects. Because over time the implant may harden develop ripples shift position or change shape the people may get surgery again to remove the implant and replace it if desired if any of these changes occur Maria 2008 . The second effect is death. Some people who got liposuction have died of pulmonary embolisms in this fashion because with an incision an artery can be pierced and the fat injected into it can block capillaries shutting blood flow to a part of the body Gorman 2004 F1 . The third effect is unconfirmed physical effects. Even though medical technology is much enhanced it is a fact that there are enormous negative problems which are unidentified yet. As time goes on the number of negative physical effects will be increased. The horrible problem is people don't know how severe the effects are. Plastic surgery for cosmetic purposes won't decrease because in this age external features are considered as important. However people have to keep in mind that plastic surgery has the more negative effects than the positive effects besides the negative effects are severer such as death. References Dittmann M. 2005 September . Plastic surgery Beauty or beast . Monitor on Psychology 36 8 30. Maria G. E. 2008 August 4 . Breast enlargement . Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_GORMAN J. 2004 April 27 . Plastic surgery gets a new look. The New York Times F1 .
