The Effect Of Serious Earthquakes in Taiwan Have you ever been involved in a serious earthquake During your sweet dreams you might be unexpectedly awaked by a shaking bed and then feel frightened and not know what to do to protect yourself. Furthermore after the earthquake is over you might still be scared about the aftershock later and cannot fall asleep anymore. You want to walk out your of room and connect with all your family members with your cell phone but both electricity and cell phones don't work. Eventually after groping in the dark you walk out of your house and then find the street outside is a mess because several buildings have already collapsed and some corpses are lying on the street. You are standing on a street but you feel that you are in a living hell. That is how earthquakes impact people's life. Earthquakes have occurred many times in Taiwan because Taiwan is in the hotspot of earthquake activities. Therefore every time a destructive earthquake happens it always causes a lot of damages. The severest effect of earthquakes in Taiwan is the sudden rush of mortality. Many people may die because of the consequence of the earthquake and it makes the number of deaths increase rapidly in a short time after the disaster. The worst earthquake disaster stemmed from a 7. 1 Magnitude quake in 1935 that killed more than 3 200 people followed by a 6. 5 Magnitude quake that killed more than 2 700 people three months later. More recently a 7. 6 Magnitude earthquake killed more than 2 400 people in 1999. ANON_NAME_0 March 4 2010 . A severe earthquake always causes a lot of deaths. For example people might be killed by a toppled pillar when they are asleep or hide under a desk but the house collapses. Sometimes they might be alive after the collapse but be buried in debris and die of the shortage of air. In addition to collapsed buildings people might also be buried by massive mudslides caused by the earthquake. Even though survivors might want to dig out their parents brothers sisters or relatives right away they do not have enough tools and machines to rescue their families immediately. The government might also want to salvage people who are buried but it is hard to rescue all of them in a limited time. The more time victims are trapped the more corpses will be found. After several days people only can pray that those victims could rest in peace. In addition some people might commit suicide after the earthquake because the poor people might lose their property or close family members and then get melancholia and might be unable to free themselves from the tragedy. Another effect caused by a earthquake is the ruin of the infrastructure. Taiwan's underlying foundation or basic framework such as railways roads internet structure banks and hospitals is disrupted due to the awful shock. For instance the earthquake may destroy the electric wires fiber cables bridges or telephone networks and it caused Taiwan's network of communication lines crash and then people cannot get in touch with their family or friends or buy food from stores. Likewise the governmental organizations cannot distribute relief efficiently. Moreover the quake may collapse some important buildings destroy essential equipment or damage to the infrastructures. For example after hospitals buildings were destroyed by the quakes the entire staff of the hospital cannot have regular work anymore and the broken medical equipment cannot work either. This prevents people from being cured directly after they are injured by the earthquake and patients who have chronic diseases might also be in danger without the medical machine. The final effect is the economic impact. After a heavy quake the factories close to the epicenter are damaged and shut down and the Stock Exchange is interrupted. Those will cause an economic crisis and a decline of the Taiwan's economy. If an earthquake occurs in a significant area such as Science Park it will inflict severe damage in the economy. For example the Taiwan Stock Exchange closed for several days because of a powerful earthquake called 921 which occurred on September 21 1999 according to Central Weather Bureau's Report n. D. And further the epicenter of the 921 earthquake was close to Hsinchu Science Park where a lot of important industries were located. The earthquake caused those factories shut down for six days and one of Taiwan's important industries the production of memory chip was disrupted at the time. After the earthquake many companies substituted the chip suppliers in other countries for those in Taiwan. It is hard to estimate the cost of economic damages following the earthquake. The increase of mortality rates the ruining of the infrastructure and the economic damages are the most crucial effects after a powerful earthquake. In addition the horrible and unforgettable memory could remain in many survivors' minds for a long time. Although you cannot prevent natural disasters you could remember the lessons which happened before and react better next time. Additionally humanitarian organizations such as the CARE Cooperative for Assistance and Relief Everywhere and rescue teams from different countries always provide humanitarian aid to a disaster area. No matter what happens in the future there is always hope in the world. ANON_NAME_0 A. March 4 2010 . Aftershocks ripple through Taiwan. CNN. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Central Weather Bureau. N. D. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
