Recently there was news about an earthquake that took place in Haiti. Many people died and missing. This disaster reminds me to the deadliest tsunami in recorded history which hit countries in The Indian Ocean on December 26th 2004 including my home country Thailand and hometown Krabi. A magnitude 9. 0 Quake triggered a series of tsunamis killed people in Indonesia Thailand all the way to India and as far as Kenya and Tanzania Africa. Economic Impact of Tsunami in Thailand 2005 More than 300 000 people were killed by the killer waves. In Thailand 5 395 people die Economic Impact of Tsunami in Thailand 2005 unlikelythe Pacific Ocean there is no alert system covering the Indian Ocean. This natural disaster affected Thailand at least three wayssuch as economy physical damages and life after the tsunami. First economic impact Krabi Phuket Phangnga Trang Satun and Ranong are six cities that were affected by the tsunami. These cities are the top destinations for tourists from all around the world because of the beautiful beaches and islands. Nine million people per year were attracted by these six cities during 1999 2003. Economic Impact of Tsunami in Thailand 2005 The state of the economy in these six cities based on restaurants hotels retail stores rubber plantations palm oil coffee and fisheries. After the tsunami came it swept away everything not only lives but also private enterprises. There are reports that the tsunami affected 324 hotels 345 restaurants 364 shops 4 306 small stools and the total value of destruction to private enterprises was 12 852 million baht. Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Ministry of the Interior 2005 In addition tourist confidence of security dropped. Caused approximately fifty percent of hotels and tours was canceled which caused local people lose a lot of income. According to the Bank of Thailand 2005 the new estimated number of tourists will be decreased approximately 1. 2 Million compare to the old estimated. Some of the hotels and restaurants were closed since the killer waves came because the owner did not have money to reconstruct their businesses. Second the physical damages took place in many forms such as the loss of lives damages to homes and homelessness the damages of natural resources. As January 10th 2005 the death of the victims in Thailand totaled 5 395 people. Why many people died from this tsunami Because during November until May every year is a high season for tourism in Thailand and it was almost New Year so many tourists went to the beach and island for a long vacation. As much as half of the victims were foreigners such as Swiss Dutch and Germans while another half were local Thai. And as much as 1 500 persons were unclassified Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Ministry of the Interior 2005 it was hard to identify especially people who do not have any tattoo or mark on their body that their families or friend could recognize. For foreigners they have dental records that are useful for identification. However not many local Thai have dental records that are why there are many persons still unclassified. Moreover the number of injuries totaled 8 457 persons. Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Ministry of Interior These people need to be transported out of the affected areas to the nearby hospital where immediate medical treatment was provided. Finally the loss of lives has created an enormousemotional impact for families relatives and friends. There are at least 882 orphans lost father mother or both. These significant losses caused post traumatic stress disorder in children after the Thai tsunami. At Bang Muangschool there is a report which showed 211 out of 627 surviving children exhibit symptoms of mental health risk and 171 children suffered from loss of one or both parents. Department of Disaster Prevention and Mitigation Ministry of the Interior 2005 This psychological impact could not compensated in monetary terms but it feel by all. From the same report there were 42 children not directly in the water but lived in the affected area and know the survivors who showed these symptoms too. Moreover loss of lives many survivors from the killer waves had caught disease such as Ying the 25 year old Thai woman caught the ear infection. She still needs to see her doctor every month and it costs 2 000 baht which is difficult for her family to support. Sareenun 2007 In conclusion the impact to economy the loss of lives and the mental health are the enormous effects of the tsunami in Thailand 2004. Most of the impact took placed in the form of loss of lives while the economic impact was in the form of loss of business. And the mental health of people in the affected areas their lives will never be the same again. Bibliography Israngkura Adis. 2005 . Economic impact of the tsunami on Thailand. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Sareenun Tinnakorn. 2007 . A hope for a new life Two years after the tsunami. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
