Downloading music Should downloading music from the Internet be legal or illegal So many people have different opinions about it. Downloading music from websites for free is a crime because it's similar to stealing somebody's work and makes it more difficult for artists to succeed. If you steal somebody's property such as a gold ring a magazine from the grocery store or even a car you will find yourself in jail because committing theft is against the law. I think there is no difference between music and other consumer products. Many companies have patented their products so that nobody else can sell them without their permission. It should be the same with music. It is someone's unique idea and work. Musicians create music for a living and are therefore completely dependent on the sale of their music to make a living. Each time you download music from a website it's like you are stealing their money. Think about what happens to young musicians that are just starting out. Even if they manage to land a hit single they won't survive if everyone downloads their song from various websites. That just doesn't seem right. Many people don't believe that downloading music is wrong. They think downloading music from the Internet should be free. They argue that artists already make a lot of money via concerts and various promotional products like T shirts. Some people say they download certain songs just to hear what they sound like and then go out to buy the CD if they like the songs. The argument is why spend the money on an expensive CD if you only like one or two songs on the CD Seems like a valid point but is it really justified Regardless of how much money the musician has already made he deserves the rightful profit from his labor the same way that any artist inventor or laborer does. Why should we expect anything different from the musician As you can see downloading free music from the Internet negatively affects artists and recording companies. Many people have already paid high fines as a result of downloading music illegally and rightfully so. The law should shed more clarity on this ongoing debate.
