THE TOEFL TEST NECESSARY BUT NOT EASY We face many difficulties at each part of our life. Applying to a college or a new job getting different kind of licenses even getting married are some examples. We take many kind of tests and exams to reach these goals. All of them have some requirements to get them. However these requirements are necessary as a rule of society and human life. The Toefl Test is one of them. It is a well designed test that indicates your English level and your ability to adapt a new culture. If you want to study in a foreign country which has English as language you need to achieve a required score on that test. This test indicates your English level. It is necessary because universities want to see your English skill is enough to understand academic lectures which are relevant in class study and to write and work on academic lectures and research. Without enough English hard times will wait you. If you don't know what your teacher is talking about how can you listen and learn something about your study. You will spend most of your time trying to understand what your teacher is saying. It will just cause a headache for you. Also this test shows that you can adapt this new culture easily. Understanding and adapting to a new culture and lifestyle can't be without understanding their feelings and emotions clearly. In this point the Toefl Test can help you as a scale and criteria that you have enough skill to understand these foreign people. After you understand the foreign culture and what people thinks it will be like your usual life. You won't get strain about this new life because you will change many of your habits even your behaviors. You need to understand why you should change habits and try to understand other peoples' thinking and cultures or it will cause you stress and anxiety. Many people say that the Toefl Test is too hard. I agree with that idea. However learning a language is not as easy as we think. You don't have to just learn language rules and vocabulary. You have to learn where you need to use these vocabulary and rules and how. The other important thing is having proficiency. If you don't have proficiency in English how can you understand all kinds of people who use English. As a result the Toefl Test is not easy because of these matters. In conclusion I can suggest that you take the Toefl Test which is prepared by experts in Linguistics to see your English level. I think the Toefl Test is the most reliable and professional test nowadays. It might be hard but you might challenge yourself to improve your skill. Especially if you are thinking to apply a college in U. S you have to take a reasonable score from this test.
