Why Thailand Became One of the Most Famous Tourist Destinations in Asia Thailand called the Land of Smile is a small country in sountheast Asia. It takes around one day to fly from the United States to Thailand. There are three seasons in northern Thailand summer rainy season and winter. On the other hand there are only two seasons in southern Thailand summer and rain. Thailand can be described as topical and humid for the entire country. Moreover the temperature in Thailand is around 10 38 degrees. Even though Thailand is a small country there are six parts the north the east the west the central the south and the northeast with seventy six provinces. Thailand is a suitable place for taking vacation because there are many tourist attractions in every single province and Thai people are very friendly so it is not difficult for Thailand to become famous tourist destination in Asia. To begin with Thailand Tourism Organization is trying hardly to promote Thailand as a tourist destination in Asia under the project names Amazing Thailand . Furthermore American soldiers liked to have a recreation in Thailand during the Vietnam War so after they went back to the U. S. They helped promote Thailand as an amazing tourist destination. There are many interesting activities to do and many fascinating places to visit in Thailand. Thailand has many famous and beautiful beaches in the southern area so it is not difficult to grab tourists' attention to travel Top 10 Thailand Travel Tips . There are two coasts named the Andaman and the gulf of Thailand. Because of the weather conditions in Thailand and the many beautiful beaches the southern part of Thailand becomes a suitable place for taking sunbathe. If you are one who loves taking sunbathe you should visit the southern part of Thailand. Additionally you can do many activities on the beaches on the shores and in the seas such as snorkeling scuba driving surfing fishing and playing volleyball. Krabi Trung and Phang Nga are the examples of provinces which have the most beautiful beaches in Thailand. The movie The Beach which the main actor is Leonado Decaprio was filmed on a beach on the Andaman Sea called Maya Bay . Moreover there are many historic sites. You can see old palaces temples and jails in the past. Sukhothai and Ayutthaya provinces are very famous historic sites. Both of the cities used to be the capital in Thailand during different periods of time hundreds of years ago. You can find remnants of the old palaces temples and some antique objects such as clothing pottery and the Lord Buddha statues. In addition Sukhothai is the province that is famous for making refined gold ornaments. You can buy a unique style that you cannot buy in other countries. Ayutthaya is popular for buying local handicraft products. In addition riding elephants is an amazing activity in Ayutthaya that most tourists love to try in their lifetimes. Furthermore you can see the way of life of local Thai people and the way they live their lives. Second Thai's government launched a seven percent tax refund project for tourists. Moreover Thailand is a good place for shopping. You can shop brand name products local products as well as handicraft products. There are many shopping areas in Thailand. Tourists can find shopping centers in every province. In Bangkok the capital city in Thailand for example there are many shopping areas and department stores. In case you are brand name admirers you should not miss visiting the Ratchaprasong area because there are many department stores such as Siam Paragon Siam Center Siam Discovery MBK Zen Isetan Amarin Plaza Gasorn Plaza and Central Chidlom. Additionally you can see many famous brands of shops such as Louis Vuitton Burberry Gucci Coach Prada and etc. Along the street. Moreover most shops have special offers for tourists. For example you can get seven a percent tax refund or some special gifts. On the other hand if you are not brand name lovers you can buy inexpensive local female accessories ornaments handbags clothing and shoes along streets in many areas such as Pratunam Sampeng Siam Center and Chutuchak Weekend Market. The fun point for shopping in these areas is you can bargain with merchants in order to bring down the price as low as possible Bangkok Shopping . Third travel in Thailand can help tourists save money because of cheap living expenses. Hotels transportations and Thai food are cheap when compare to other countries. For example when tourists buy Pad Thai in the U. S. The price is around 7 12 dollars. In contrast if you buy it in Thailand the price will be around 1 2 dollars. Moreover Thai food is unique because of the spicy taste. Furthermore Thai desserts are very popular because they are very refined with colors. Also Thai dessert taste is very good. In addition desserts are not too sweet like other national desserts. It would be your good occasion to visit to Thailand and try the original good Thai food tastes with cheaper prices. In terms of transportation there are many kinds of transportations in Thailand buses taxis taxi motorcycles trains subways and sky train. Transportation ANON_NAME_0 are pretty cheap. Tourists can spend only a dollar for travelling from the beginning of the route to the end of the route. In conclusion it is not difficult for Thailand to become one of the famous tourist destinations in Asia for the reasons mentioned above. There are many attractive activities to do and many interesting places to visit. Moreover you can go shopping for many kinds of products such as brand name products local products and fashionable products. In addition you can have a chance to try original Thai food. Furthermore visiting Thailand will help you to save money because the living expenses in Thailand are reasonable. Bibliography Unknown. N. D. . Shopping in Bangkok. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Unknown. N. D. . Top 10 Thailand Travel Tips. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
