Why Thailand Becomes One of the Famous Tourist Destination in Asia Thailand the country is so called as the Land of Smile is the small country. Thailand is located in South East Asia region. It takes around one day to fly from The United States to Thailand. Thailand has three seasons summer raining and winter. The weather condition in Thailand is humid. Moreover the temperature in Thailand is around 10 38 degrees. Even though Thailand is a small country there are six parts the North the East the West the Central the South and the Northeastern with seventy six provinces. Thailand is a suitable place for taking vacation because there are many tourist attractions in every single province and Thai people are very friendly so it is not difficult for Thailand to become a famous tourist destination in Asia. To begin with there are many interesting activities to do and many fascinating places to visit in Thailand. Thailand has many famous and beautiful beaches in the Southern part. There are two coasts named Andaman and gulf of Thailand. Regarding to the weather condition in Thailand and many beautiful beaches the Southern part of Thailand becomes a suitable places for taking sunbath. If you are the one who love taking sunbath you should visit to the Southern part of Thailand. Additionally you can do many activities on beaches shores and seas such as snorkeling scuba driving surfing fishing playing volleyballs. Krabi Trung and Phang Nga are the examples of provinces which have the most beautiful beaches in Thailand. The movie named The Beach which is the main actor is Leonado Decaprio was filmed in the beach on the Andaman Sea which is called Maya Bay . Moreover there are many historic sites. You can see old palaces temples and jails in the previous history time. Sukhothai and Ayutthaya provinces are very famous about the historic sites. Both of the cities used to be the capital in Thailand in different periods of times for many hundreds years ago. You can find remnants of the old palaces temples and some antique objects such as clothing potteries and the Lord Buddha statues. In adddition Sukhothai is the province that is famous for making refine gold ornaments. You can buy a unique style that you cannot buy it in other countries. Ayutthaya is popular for buying local handicraft products. In addition riding elephants is an amazing activity in Ayutthaya that most tourists love to try in their lifetimes. Furthermore you can see the way of life of local Thai people and the way they live their lives. Second Thailand is a good place for shopping. You can shop brand name products local products as well as handicraft products. There are many shopping areas in Thailand. Tourists can find the shopping centers in every province. Bangkok the capital city in Thailand for example there are many shopping areas and shopping department stores. In case you are brand name admirers you should not miss visiting the Ratchaprasong area because there are many shopping department stores such as Siam Paragon Siam Center Siam Discovery MBK Zen Isetan Amarin Plaza Gasorn Plaza and Central Chidlom. Additionally you can see many famous brands of shops such as Louis Vuitton Burberry Gucci Coach Prada and etc. Along the street. Moreover most shops have a special offer for tourists. For example you can get seven percents for a tax refund. On the other hand if you are not brand name lovers you can buy inexpensive local woman accessories ornaments handbags clothing shoes along streets in many areas such as Pratunam Sampeng and Siam Center. The good point of buying local products is you can make a bargaining with vendors in order to make prices as low as possible. Third Thai food is one of the very popular foods in the world. Moreover Thai food is unique because of a spicy taste. Furthermore food costs in Thailand are cheaper than food costs in the U. S. When comparing with the same dish. For example when tourists buy Pad Thai in the U. S. The price is around 7 12 dollars in contrast if you buy it in Thailand the price will be around 1 2 dollars. Furthermore Thai desserts are very popular in the foreign' eyes because they are very refine with colorful colors. Also tastes of Thai desserts are very good. In addition dessert tastes are not too sweet like the other nation desserts. It would be your good chance to visit to Thailand and try the original good Thai food tastes with cheaper prices. In conclusion Thailand becomes one of the famous tourist destinations in Asia as the reasons mentioned above. There are many activities to do and many interesting places to visit. Moreover you can go shopping with many kinds of products such as brand name products local products and fashionable products. In addition you can have chance to try the original Thai food. Furthermore visiting Thailand will help you to save money because the living expenses in Thailand are reasonable.
