Download From Internet The internet is a big network that contains tremendous things. Some of that is worth much. People usually use the Internet as a reservoir of information pictures programs and movies. To give the authority to use this information to a person or community the companies impose a fee to download or to have a valid copy. Therefore establishing an alternative way to download this information consider trespass. It can harm all sociality as well as individual Internet download can be dangerous in breaking the unity of the society. People who download this product illegally break the nonentity in dealing . For instance the companies reveal the new product to the public and after a lot of study or effort and they estimate the cost of this product. To have the benefit from this companies must elevate the selling. But through plagiarizing the company will loss the benefit and that could be harmful for both citizens and society. For instance studies reveal that about 20 of the companies go bankrupt due to Internet pirates. Other thing it is kind of Plagiarize and it is one type of stealing. Products that are sale on the Internet have copyright by the owner. To have a valid copy you must pay for it. Some countries have no restriction on plagiarize on the Internet because they do not have the low to stop doing that. Suddenly those people who download illegally from the Internet can be capture by other countries government when they go there. For example traveler usually have personal computer which may contains illegal unregistered copy of the software and when they go inspection they may pay much as penalty. Some people find difficulty to pay much. For that they usually find this way is easy and fast. I believe that even it is fast and easy to have unregistered copy from the Internet but people must pay and get the evidence for paying like other shopping. Dealing with Internet shopping is the same with mall shopping in some principal. For that people must keep in their mind that all ethics and restriction of shopping must be applicable. Download must be under restrictions. In addition companies must provide best ways to protect their software
