Internet develop The Internet is developed today. The Internet changed the world to small from big. We can do many things at the Internet like homework and online shopping. However the Internet is developed that is also potentially harmful to our economy and our cultured. Today the Internet has help many people who improve them live but some people use the skill of computer to invade other people's computer or company. It is bad for economy. Their action let many companies lost much many and some company is close down by their action that invaded. I remember in 2005 a computer guy used skill of computer to invent a virus of the computer. The virus was very dangerous. The people called that virus SOPHOS . Many computers were done. When the virus appeared in the Internet. Many computers of family and business computers have done. Many people needed bought new one. Some people know the computer technology is very good of them. They use special skill to log in other people's computer or government computer to copy or download some serous information. The some one use that special skill to invade bank systems. When they invaded bank system they transferred much money to their own account. The economy is down by this action. We call those people who use the special skill to invade other's computer Hacker . I remember many years ago a hacker invaded national city bank of New York bank system. He downloaded much information of the user have lost. The national city bank of New York has lost much money in this action from hacker. The Internet is developed. Much vulgar information appeared at the Internet. The vulgar information is not good our culture. Many people can see that information very easy. That people who use the Internet are young. They are student at different level school. They are read that vulgar information at Internet is very easy but that vulgar information is not good for them. Like violence and pulp fiction that information is not good for them. If they read that vulgar information for long time they will do many actions of illegal. The cultures will be down by this vulgar information. Today many young people who birth after 1990 they are open in their character. For example in my country many students wear very special cloths. The girls are sex appeal. So when they speak that usually is dirty words. So the culture is get down. The ethics is get down too. Those it is true. The Internet develop has many problem but we should agree the Internet developed who is good for us. The Internet developed convenient people make conversation with other people. When we want to listen to music or watch movies you can listen music or watch movies online or download that music or movies. However in many years ago you wanted to listen to music you needed went to the music center to buy music tape or CD. You wanted to watch the movie you needed went to theater or went to movies center to rent the movie DVD. Of course you should spend much money to do that but now you can download or watch online. It is convenient people life. I believe the Internet develop who can change us life to be convenient. If not have Internet the people's life will be difficult.
