TOEFL TEST Many foreign students and foreign people have heard about the TOEFL. In order to attend college or to get a certified in the USA foreigners take the TOEFL Test. In the USA without the TOEFL or similar tests some workforces don't accept other countries' diplomas. In my opinion the TOEFL test shouldn't be necessary to accept my diploma or attend to college. Some people can speak English but may not get the score they need and preparation costs too much money. The TOEFL test shouldn't be mandatory for foreigner students because many schools have their own ESL classes. When they are accepted to the university students should take these classes and finish the all courses. Also some universities have their own English tests which students can take. In the same way some Boards such as Nursing Pharmacy require the TOEFL test and their board test. For example I passed the Nursing test but I couldn't pass the TOEFL Test. For that reason I couldn't get my Nursing certificate. From my perspective if I pass the nursing test I know English. Instead of taking the TOEFL or similar tests they could give me certification. Another reason test takers may not pass the test is because they may get nervous. For example the TOEFL test contains four parts. Test takers may have good English knowledge but when comes to the speaking part he or she may get nervous and cannot speak a word. It doesn't mean this person has no knowledge about English. In my opinion this person has test anxiety. The TOEFL test costs too much money. Every time test takers have to pay 175 dollars. If they cannot pass the test this is waste of money. In order to pass the TOEFL I know many people have to take special TOEFL preparation courses or pay for tutoring. Most of the students don't have money to pay for these courses or take the TOEFL test again and again. Colleges or boards may say how we evaluate students or people who want to attend for university or get certified. They also may wonder if students have enough English knowledge or education. I know students need to prove their education and English level but instead of making students suffer studying for the TOEFL or paying too much money for tuition's universities or boards should interview them. If they need to improve their English these places should offer them ESL courses. The students spend a lot of money in order to pass the TOEFL Test. If universities offer the student English classes this money may be used for other educational purposes. I believe that students and the people who want to get a certification will be fine without the TOEFL. The TOEFL shouldn't be mandatory. In order to attend the university students should interview or take universities ESL classes. The TOEFL costs too much money and students are already stretched financially.
