Death penalty in Colombia There are a few people in Colombia that are in jail for rape of girls women boys even men. Rape is a difficult and sad problem in Colombia. It's something that affects every Colombian especially girls and young women. Two years ago the people of this country did a collection of signatures to see who agrees with giving the death penalty to these people that destroy a lot of lives. I am underage so my signature was not valid but equally I signed because I think that these people the rapist deserve death penalty because they damaged the life of a person in two different ways psychologically and physically. Psychologically we can see different consequences in distinct aspects. First the victim feels like a cockroach someone without value someone who doesn't have anything to fight on this world and someone without rights. The victim is required to forget their rights in that moment the victim is required to destroy his dignity. Second the rapists create a big trauma in the victim's life. As a result of this trauma the victim will never be the same person she will always have that horrible memory in her head and she will always be thinking of that horrible face that face that destroyed her life. In addition the victim will never trust easily in someone. She will be afraid of the people. She will be afraid and insecure of one caress. She will never be the same person. I remember one case of one girl who was raped last year after she was found she was afraid to go out home and afraid to be near men. Physical it's obvious that the victim has a physical attack because the rapist are hitting the victim and the victim is forcibly raped. In some cases the victim can get some transmission sexual issue that affects her health. In addition if the victim is a woman and the rapist is a man the woman can get pregnant and maybe she can decide to abort and this act affects the son and the mother. And what is worst is that some victims die they are killed after being raped. The girl of the previous case she was missing several days and when someone find her she was beaten with bruises and bites on her body. Some may think that the death penalty is too much they may think that these people deserve life imprisonment because they could think that we can play with the life of someone. It's true that if the death penalty is approved a lot of people will die and maybe innocent people. But why can't we give penalty to these people and we can let them destroy many innocent lives. Even lives under three years old that have not discovered how wonderful is to living. I think that the rapist deserve the death penalty and that the jail is a gift for them because of the simple reason that we cant allow that someone forgets that everybody have to be respected. Everybody has to remember that we are humans and we have feelings rights and a proper life where we decided what we want to do. And finally we cannot allow that someone destroy the life of a person in a manner so cruel and painful. In conclusion the rapists deserve the death penalty because they damage the life of a person in two different but deep manners physically and psychologically. And every day we have to remember that everybody has a special value has to take their own decisions in their own life and has the chance to achieve their goals and to achieve a happy life. We have to remember who we are and that everybody deserve respect and love.
