How Has the Internet Changed the Education In this time the communication between the people is changed. Life and education were very simple. People used the traditional ways to learn which were reading books or learning with a teacher. Nowadays after the internet invention the learning was have changed. They have become easier than before. But with all the benefits of the internet some people disagree to use it in their life. They do not want to use the internet as a resource of information or as an access for online education. The internet changed education by adding online systems which have web resources. Some people disagree with the internet resources because they think it will lower the resources value and it will loss the copyright off the resources. However some people are happy with this technology because they can get the information easily from any field. For example if a student does not understand any point of his course he can use the internet to get more information about what he needs. The easiest way to communicate with any institution is the internet. But some people disagree to use the internet to get information because they refuse the idea of using internet and they want to use the traditional ways to get an information which are libraries and lectures. However I disagree with them because internet lets students to apply and study in different places while they are still in their place or in their job without changing anything from their status. For example if someone cannot study because his job or he is in a hospital or any other reasons he can study in different places by using the online education. So the internet helps people in this case. Also the communication between the students and their school has become easier by using the internet. However we do not know if the internet has changed the world for the better or the worse. On the one hand we can say that the internet encourages laziness and harms the vision the body and the social life. That is why some people do not like to use the internet and disagree with using the internet services on their education. I agree that the internet has a bad side. However the internet way and the traditional ways are very important for people. So if we divided the services into traditional services and internet services which integrate with the traditional services to make it balanced and to give anyone the option of using what is suitable for his status. The internet helps people to communicate with the entire world and to get any information from any field. So we cannot stop the internet services in order to solve some problems but we can limit the uses of the internet in order to balance the traditional life and the internet services. While the internet facilitates the communication and getting the information it also encourages laziness and facilitates the way to get the bad information for children and adults. So I hope we can see the internet like ATM machine vending machine or any other machine just take what you want from it without spending long time facing the screen. It will be better to know who access the access the internet and it will be better to control the internet.
