Should be legal downloading artistic information from the internet Internet is the most important information resource for people all around the world. It helps us to find a lot of useful things. But sometimes downloading some important information from the internet is not legal. However downloading artistic information from the internet should be legal because it helps artists and some people can't have greater access. A lot of people want to know about popular artist's life and want to share something with artists Howewer close to be some famous artist sometimes impossible for some people. The internet can be a useful factor for communication between these people. If downloading some artistic information from the internet such as some photographs some songs can be legal a lot of people can meet with the artists. So artists can be more and more popular. For example downloading some popular songs from the internet can be legal a lot of people share it with another persons. As a result the songs and the singers can be very popular in a short time. If so they can take a lot of jobs and advertisement proposals and make more money. Some people say downloading some important information such as important writings and famous novels should be legal. Some poor people who can't buy the books from the book store can read on the internet. Because the internet is everywhere when you go to coffee shops you can read these famous writing easily on the internet. Of course writers lose money but they can be very famous in a short time and they help to some poor people for education. Some people say downloading some artistic information from the internet shouldn't be legal. They think that some people create new things. For example filmmakers use their intelligent and produce new intellectual property but pirates steal these people's intellectual property and they can make a lot of illegal money. So real intelligent people lose money. For example some of many types piracy include making copy DVD and using hand held video cameras in public movie theaters. In addition there are some copyright laws and treaties to protect property between the nations. Nowadays the internet is used commonly among the people. It helps some people who want to be very famous easily. But only downloading some general information should be legal. Some bad people shouldn't use artist's private information. This information should stay private. The pirates shouldn't steal artist's intellectual property. If some people such as artists use the internet correctly it can be very useful for them.
