The issue has become one of the more controversial ones in Saudi Arabia recently. The women in Saudi have no right to drive a car. The reason for this ban does not relate to Islamic religion but is deep seated in social and tradition customs. Preventing women from driving a car is having a great impact on the economy and society. In Saudi Arabia there are more than a million foreign drivers and there is almost no family without their own driver. That means a lot of money have been out of the country every year but if women drive we will not need to hire foreigners. Then the money will be inside and all these million will be useful in reconstructing the country. So driving cars for women would diminish the need for foreign workers. In addition to the economy driving cars by women will solve many social problems. There are some crimes like kidnapping drugs and theft because most drivers have a lack of education poor environment and they have unacceptable behavior. Moreover there are widows divorced or single women who need to go to work or deliver their children to school and some of them do not have a husband or brother to assist her. She feels compelled to hire driver and suffers from collecting monthly payment from her salary to provide driver's salary. Some may think not allowing woman to drive makes her life easier more and more comfortable. It is true that Saudi women in general are known to enjoy all the luxuries that any woman in the world could hope for and Saudi men try to give her happiness. It is valid perspective but she is still feeling that she have lost one of her rights and as we know everything prohibited is desired. Moreover a woman is a person on whom you can rely. She can become engineer and doctor therefore she can drive a car. In conclusion driving a car by woman has a big effect in our economy due to saving money inside the country and many social issues will be solved. I think that we are waiting the first step for allowing women to drive cars and Saudi women will demonstrate that they can be better than men.
