Managing time as a university student University students don't have enough time to do everything they want. They want to do a lot of activities like drinking traveling and studying because they have unlimited energies. However it's really difficult to deal with time for the students because before they become university students they usually follow the schedules of school. Now they should manage their time themselves because they are adults. Students who begin as an university student can manage their time well by following these advice. The first thing I want to manage is to study. As you know a student is who studies something. Studying is definitely an important time for them. In my opinion students should study at least 2 hours except his lectures a day. This time is for reviewing the lectures. Reviewing lectures help you remember about the lectures so you will need much less time to study when you have a test. However studying too much isn't the best for students. There are so many valuable things you can't learn by books and studying in the world. To give an example you can't learn how to swim by book or studying. Therefore studying is important for students. However studying only is not the best way for students. Another advice is about having fun. Students have many chances for having fun. Having fun has many positive effects. For example students can reduce their stress by drinking having parties and enjoying hobbies etc. Also it helps you adapt to the society. However some students only pursue having fun so they never study. Even they skip lectures. Be careful to have fun. Having fun after you finish your task is ok but before you finish your task is not ok. The last advice is about using time during vacation. You'll have several vacations and the vacations will be good opportunities for you. You can improve your weaknesses or you can travel abroad or you can make some money during vacations. The point is that you should have some special experiences. Not only studying but also having experience is important. Having experiences make you stronger so that when you have problems you can overcome them easily. Therefore having experiences during vacations to improve yourself is the last tip to manage time as an university student. As an university student time is very significant. Your future will be decided by this time. What kind of person you become is up to this time so you should manage your time as well as you can. Then I'm convinced you can become a person who you want to be.
