Effects of the Low Birth Rate in Taiwan Nowadays more and more people in Taiwan have high level educations and living standards. Therefore most couples in this generation get married very late at about thirty to thirty four. Because of the marriages at more mature ages they plan to have children late. In Taiwan more and more couples around thirty just want to have only one baby or none. Therefore the low birth rate is recently a serious social problem in Taiwan. There are three main areas affected by the low birth rate population structure educational issues and the economy. First of all the population structure has changed. According to the birth rate research of the Central Intelligence Agency 2010 the birth rate in Taiwan is the two hundred and tenth among two hundred and twenty three countries in 2009. The birth rate in Taiwan is about 9 per 1000 persons during 2009. Comparing to other countries the birth rate in Niger the number one in 2009 is about fifty two. Due to the low birth rate the aging population has become a problem. In two decades young people will need to support more elderly people and it will become a heavy burden. Moreover the government needs bigger budget to take care of elderly people in the future. Therefore the government should think about a constructive plan to encourage couples to have more babies such as some benefits for children and parental leave. Secondly due to the low birth rate the environment of education has become different. In Taiwan the demand for teachers has decreased. For example the rate of teacher recruitment is about 1 There will be teacher 2009 . There are about eight thousand wandering teachers. However the job vacancies for formal teachers were less than one hundred last year. Thousands of wandering teachers in Taiwan cannot find jobs in public or private schools. What can they do They could attend more teacher recruitment events or change their careers. This also means that the government wastes a lot of money and time to train these wandering teachers in colleges. Although one may succeed to be a formal teacher in the public school one day he may be laid off in a few years if there are fewer students to teach. Moreover parts of colleges may close for the same reason in the future Lin 2008 . Finally the low birth rate may affect the economy in the future. As a result of the young population decreasing the economic competition may be depressed. Furthermore the markets such as toy stores baby shops or children book publishers have been reduced due to the low birth rate. Because of the reduction of these markets the companies compete intensely. Therefore some small companies cannot survive in this environment and this may cause some unemployment. Even some children's hospitals have closed for the same reason. Therefore some children's hospitals have changed to women's and children's hospitals. In conclusion the low birth rate affects three main aspects in Taiwan aging population teacher student ratio and children related markets. If we do not solve this problem now we will face more serious problems in the future. Moreover we cannot only focus on increasing the birth rate but also finding a thoughtful solution and policy to solve it. References Central Intelligence Agency 2010 . Birth rate. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_will be teacher recruitment next year in Taipei City 2009 . Liberty News. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_X. 2008 . ANON_NAME_0 ANON_NAME_1 tsun The declining birth rate may cause some universities surviving difficultly. China Daily News May 13 2008 edition of the Tainan area.
