Effects of Marijuana Marijuana is a green brown or gray mixture of dried shredded leaves stems seeds and flowers of the hemp plant. Marijuana has a chemical substance in it called Tetrahydrocannabinol better known as THC . All marijuana forms are psychoactive . In other word they change how the primate's brain works. Many other chemicals are found in marijuana too about 400 of this chemicals some of which are carcinogenic . As you can tell using marijuana provokes risk to human health especially the brain which is the most important part of the body. It affects human body function and makes people clearly doped. Marijuana causes many problems or diseases such as impaired judgment and coordination anxiety and shortened attention. First of all marijuana causes impaired judgment and coordination It's a deterioration of an individual's judgment and a decrease of his or her physical ability. For example it makes the brain function suddenly weird paranoid and uncoordinated which makes people stressed out and nervous while making a decisions conversations and in organizing. Marijuana makes people more chaotic and unlike to do obligations such as homework assignments and all. This cause harm people. It discriminates between relationships because it is going to be tension and charged conversation due to marijuana and marijuana also makes people fail in their paths too . Secondly anxiety is a terrible problem caused by consuming marijuana. Anxiety means a relatively permanent state of worry and nervousness occurring in a variety of mental disorders. It makes people have difficulty in sleeping insomnia extremely incoherent about everything even with normal situations such as family or friends tension conversations and that causes black marks around the eyes body shaking and weakness in memorizing. By this cause it leads people go act extremely weird paranoid and so tired that cannot even concentrate and also be terrified by people they trust. Finally a shortened attention is one of the biggest problems caused by smoking marijuana. It makes you becoming easily bored frustrated and misunderstand different situations or tasks. For example people who have a shortened attention are frequently lack focus which affects their school grades and their social life. Also it makes them take actions first and then think about them later and often have trouble with gross and fine motor skills. Briefly consuming marijuana destroys people's life. It easily makes people get addicted in it and engrossed in using it publicly because of the careless that marijuana does. In addition it destroys student's future and threatens it by smoking marijuana and get one of diseases that written in the paragraphs above. Lack by analyzing situations and organization worrying paranoid and terrified a misunderstanding and weakness in memory and inefficiency are disorders caused by smoking marijuana. The best way to prevent the marijuana is to stay away from it and never think about trying it because it terminates people's life.
