SELECT A MAJOR It's a major thing to select your future major . Most of the people realize how important is that step so they think extensively about many subjects like do I fit with university requirement for that major do I see my self in that specific major and how the work environment will be after the graduation. First the university system usually has specific standers to chose the appropriate candidate for every major . For example the candidate papers should meet the university college requirements . For example the transcript which provided by applicant should meet at least the score required for that major interview in some majors is required to chick applicant background motivation and capability to finish the program. Other non specific requirement such as TOFAL GRE or GMAT may be required and meeting these requirements is in many cases the most important step toward choosing the major. Second do you see your self in that major dose it fit your real ability and desire. For example some times the transcript appears more tricky because high grad in math dose not mean necessarily you will succeed on engineering for instance because your desire is involve as much as your score . In another word you have to feel and like your further major in addition to your capability to finish it. Third do I will like the expectable job after graduation . If you like to be a doctor and your transcript shows your good ability in required material but you have a phobia from blood does that major fits you If you don't like teaching does it good idea to apply to educational collage I want to draw your attention to that choosing a major is choosing a work if don't like the job which will be provided by that major don't choose that major in first place. Finally selecting a major is very hard and important job that most academic persons go through because of the effort needs to accomplish the three steps which I already have mentioned and because it is in the most of the persons selecting the work and future which come from that work.
