Is Animal Testing Still an Essential Process Can you imagine what will be happen in the near future if we suffer from unknown diseases and we cannot use animals for testing How many people have to sacrifice their lives for taking wrong therapies and medicines When every member in our family is hale and hearty it is very difficult to understand as to why the innocent animals are used for testing purposes that usually ends up killing them. However it usually starts to make more sense when someone in the family or you yourself starts suffering from a life threatening disease. In research animals have provided valuable information about many physiological processes that are relevant to humans because animals are similar to humans. Moreover animals have been fundamental in the development of many drugs including vaccines. Even though some people might say that technology has developed a lot nowadays we should stop animal testing and find other ways to do the experiments. Furthermore they agreed that animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research. People who are for animal rights say that animals cannot protect themselves from being harm by humans Animal Testing Arguments for n. D. . However animals still are an essential part of scientific experiments because of these reasons animal experimentation has a productive result in biological research animals are similar to human beings in a physical terms animal experimentation can help develop animal rare species disorders and nearly extinct animals and animal testing help improve humans' lives. There is a fact that the results attained from experiments testing do not accurately portray their influence on humans is considered to be a one of the serious argument against the animal testing. Humans' bodies are different from other animals' bodies so the consequences of animal testing may not applicable to humans. They argue that they way one species reacts to a given drug or chemical in a particular way does not necessarily entail other species will react the same way Alternatives to Animal Testing on the Web FAQs. N. D. . Additionally animals which are tested are in an unnatural environmental they will be under stress. Therefore they will not react to the drugs in the same way compared to their potential reaction in a natural environment. An Italian Professor Peitro Croce has been fighting against animal testing for several years. The argument he puts forth includes misleading results of animal tests while they are applied to humans. For example parsley is considered to be a deadly poison for parrots yet we use it to flavor our food. Arsenic is poison for humans but it is not harmful to sheep. Moreover sheep goats mice and horses can also eat hemlock in large number while this is toxic to humans. Furthermore lemon juice is toxic to cats. In addition morphine is regarded as an anesthetic for humans but if it is administered to cats it generates a state of frenzied excitement Vivisection Fact Sheet . To begin with one of the most concerned for groups of people who are against the animal testing are about the animals' welfare and rights. Even though the scientists use animals testing they are also concerned about the animals' welfare as spoken by NHMRC CEO Professor Warwick Anderson that When it is necessary to study animals in medical research all involved have an obligation to care for the animals in the best ways possible . Some people may not know that most animals used in a research are specifically bred which most of the animals research involving cats mice frogs and pigs etc. . Scientists are careful to minimize stress in the animals since this would damage their research as well. There is the Act that was designed to protect animals that might be test subjects by requiring proper care of them and it sets forth a list of guidelines researchers must comply with. For example it stipulated that the animals must receive adequate veterinary care. In 1970 there was an act which expanded from protecting dog cats primates guinea pigs rabbits and hamsters or we can say that it's to all warm blooded animals. Significantly the act exempts mice rats and birds prom the protection. Second animal experimentation has a productive history in biological research especially in biomedicine. In order to express more ideas for the benefit that we will have from animal testing there are some examples to give you a picture of how animal testing is good to humans. For example the organ transplant pioneer Thomas E. Starzl conducted his early surgical transplantation experiments on dogs in the 1960s before successfully attempting them on humans. Psychiatrist John Cade made the discovery that lithium aids manicdepressive patients by experimenting with guinea pigs in the 1940s Botting. N. D. . Today many animals are used for a variety of purposes in experimental science. While some studies use primates or other animals over 90 percent of studies involve mice and rats for experiments from immunological projects to cancer research. While animal research is enormously important to the advancement of biochemical science there are many people do not agree with this experiment. Another reason is the fact that animals can make excellent research subject because animals are similar to human being in physical terms. Researchers believe that animals and human have many of the same illnesses so animals are the closest match and best one with regards to applying this data to humans. Moreover animal testing helps to ensure the safety of drugs treatments and many other substances humans use or are exposed to regularly. More than that they also have similarities in the natural process of living. Every day thousands of people are saved from painful diseases and death by the powerful effects of medical drugs and treatments. These would not be possible without animal testing. This means that human harm is reduced and human lives are saved not simply from avoidance of the dangers of drugs but because the drugs themselves save lives as well as improve the quality of human life. Despite these overwhelming benefits however some people might came up with a question that both are the same so why don't we do experiment on humans instead of harming animals people are calling for animal testing to be banned because of alleged cruelty. It is true but the difference is that studies that are conducted with humans always require the result of preliminary tests in animal to protects humans from any bad effects from the testing. This is to make sure that it will give the best result for humans. As most of the experiment that take place are about medical purpose. We can say that we have benefits from the animal testing. In addition scientists can readily control the environment around the animals such as diet temperature or lighting. Conversely controlling the environment would be difficult with humans. Next an animal testing can help improve animal rare species' disorders or nearly extinct animals. Some people might say that animals have been harmed without any choice to escape from being tested by scientists and it is very cruel to harm them with no good reasons. Furthermore they might also believe that it causes the animal extinction because some types of animals have been decreased or even faced extinction because of a hunt or disaster including deforestation. For rare species they could become extinct due to their undeveloped behaviors. So they think scientists should stop animal testing. A fundamental objection to this argument is not only do we use animal testing to improve human lives but we can also help improve the animal lives too. For example the heartworm medication that was devised from research on animals has assisted many dogs. The cat nutrition gas been better comprehended through animal research and has assisted cats to live longer and healthier lives Animal Testing Why Animals Are Used in Research n. D. . Moreover we don't have to worry about the animal extinction because the research will help result in the increase of animals. Due to the impacts of research animals could be enhanced their mechanisms to survive in the inappropriate environment. With genetic engineering rare species are able to reproduce the next generation which solve the extinction problems. Lastly animal testing helps improve humans' lives. Previously there were many people who died because of testing new drugs or treatments. Since scientists had started animal testing the number of people who test drugs has been decreased because scientists did research with animals before. The most radical progress in reproductive medicine such as oral contraceptives in vitro fertilization hormone replacement therapy etc. Have all been made possible by animal testing Alternatives to Animal Testing on the Web FAQs. N. D. . There are many medical treatments that have been made possible by animal testing including cancer and HIV drugs insulin antibiotics vaccines and many more. To illustrate HIV AIDS currently affects nearly 1 million Americans Genetic Engineering. N. D. . There are treatments but still no cure for this disease that disables the immune system. Scientists' understanding of the retrovirus that causes HIV AIDS comes in part from studies of similar viruses in chickens cats and monkeys. Promising drugs and possible vaccines are tested first in mice and monkeys before being used in clinical trials with human volunteers. Besides Animals are used in research to develop drugs and medical procedures to treat diseases. Scientists may discover such drugs and procedures using alternative research methods. If the new therapy seems promising it is tested in animals to see whether it seems to be safe and effective. If the results of the animal studies are good human volunteers will be asked to take part in a clinical trial. The animal studies are finished first to give medical researchers a better idea of what benefits and complications they are likely to see in humans. In conclusion even though our world has changed and improved with a higher technology and lifestyle medical and health concerns are very crucial. Therefore animal testing is still the main part for the scientists. For this reason the use of animals for scientific research has great advantages for humans animals and research. Nowadays our health of the quality of humans' living has been satisfactorily improved because of using animals for research. If there were not the use of animals for scientific research humans and animals might not have as good a lifestyle as today. In other word if animal testing were to be outlawed it would be impossible to attain the significant knowledge that is necessary to eliminating much suffering and premature deaths for both humans and animals Animal Experiments. N. D. . Many people believe that sometimes if we want to gain something we might have to lose something. Thus to save a million we should be willing to sacrifice a thousand. Bibliography Botting J. H. N. D. . EBSCOhost Animal research is vital to medicine. From sslvpn. Pitt ANON URLPAGE Unknown. N. D. . Animal Testing Arguments for. From writefix ANON URLPAGE. N. D. . Genetic Engineering. Retrieved 04 11 2010 from tuberose ANON URLPAGE. N. D. . Vivisection Experimentation on Animals. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Unknown. N. D. . Animal Testing Pros. From Ranjan Shandilya ANON URLPAGE. N. D. . Using Animals for Testing Pro's Versus Con's ANON URLPAGE. N. D. . Animal Testing Alternatives. From Geari ANON URLPAGE
