Animal Experimentation Long times ago a Chinese doctor called Shen nong wanted to know how to cure people by herbs so he tested everything on himself. Sometimes he might eat some kinds of toxic herbs and he had to find the solution immediately or he might die. After several experimentations he knew how to use herbs well. Therefore he taught people how to use herbs correctly. Moreover he cured a lot of patients and saved a lot of lives. He is a very respectful doctor in Chinese culture because of his medical achievement. Nowadays it is rare that doctors test on themselves to cure disease. Instead people use some alternative ways. According to The Medicines Company Gounville 2002 people experiment on animals to figure out what kind of medicine works well on some diseases. Then volunteers are invited to join experimentations to make sure medicines work well on human. Actually animal experimentation helps a lot for human beings. Although some people think it is cruel and disagree with it it is thought that it is a better way to experiment on animals than on human. Therefore animal experimentation should continue. In the moral domain some ethical groups think that it is very cruel to test on animals. However a lot of people in the world do eat meat and seafood. One cannot equalize the value between eating meat and cruel behaviors. Furthermore it is believed that the scientists experiment on animals is for researches not for fun. Do scientists disrespect animals Why scientists do these experimentations is to make a better life for human and to extend human's life not for the entertainment. The purpose of these researches is so positive and beneficial. People should thank for the scientists instead of judging them. Some people stand for the animal rights. They think that all creatures are equal. Human does not have rights to exterminate animals' lives. If they really think so they might not kill any kind of animals. However when one finds that there is an annoying mosquito should he let it suck his blood because it has right to live in the world It sounds ridiculous and the answer may be no. Why do the animals in the laboratories have rights but the annoying insect If animal rights groups do care about animals' rights they would care about insects' rights too. Do animal rights groups think about the reason why there are some animals tested in the laboratories In fact most of the animals in the laboratories are produced because of the experimentation. The purpose to raise these animals is to make them suitable and useful in the experimentation. Without those experiments some animals may not exist in the world. Is there any alternative method on testing It is believed that when scientists found a better way to experiment they would use it instead of animal testing. No one likes to test on animals if it is not necessary. Katz emphasized testing was done on animals when it was the only way to answer the questions they were researching Ansert 2007 . Animal experimentation can be used in several areas pure research applied research toxicology testing cosmetics testing drug testing and education Wikipedia n. D. A . Normally the top three controversial debates in animal testing are cosmetics testing toxicology testing and drug testing. Some people against cosmetics testing and claim that they do not use any cosmetics form the companies with animal testing. Indeed if scientists have already known that one cosmetic ingredient is safe they do not have to test on animals. However if they want to discover that a new ingredient may be very good for the skin they really need animals to test on before testing on human's skin. The process of testing is very rigorous in order to evaluate the new ingredient. It is thought that no one want to be the experimental subject if the scientists cannot prove the new cosmetic ingredient is harmless. The purpose of toxicology testing also known as safety testing is to inspect some manufactured goods such as food additives packing materials or their chemical ingredients Wikipedia n. D. A . Although some people believe that some ingredients may be harmful for animals but not for human this cannot apply to all cases. For instance in 2007 some pet foods were contaminated by melamine and this caused serious illnesses or deaths in some of the animals that had eaten them. In 2008 the infant milk of Sanlu Company in China was also adulterated with melamine. Moreover some milk tea and cookies of some companies in Asia that bought the milk from Sanlu Company were also found to contain melamine. Approximately thirty thousand victims suffered from ill health and even six infants died ANON_NAME_0 2009 Wikipedia n. D. B . These two stories show that some food additives may not only cause animals' deaths but also human beings'. When a new medicine can be sold in the pharmacy it should follow a five step drug development process Gounville 2002 . The first step is animal testing. Second phase one clinical testing is to test on healthy people in order to test safety. Third phase two clinical testing is to test people suffering from the condition that the drug is intended to treat. Forth the stage of phase three clinical testing is the most largest and complex. Fifth after a successfully phase three testing a new drug application seeks Food and Drug Administration FDA approval. Scientists need to know the candidate drug is safe and effective. If not this drug will be eliminated because of unacceptable side effects or effects as expected. In average about four thousand candidate drugs only one drug will be received FDA approval. Moreover this process should take about ten years to complete successfully. Animal testing is just the first step of this process. Scientists just need to study the chemical properties before testing on human beings. Although some people against animal testing they may have benefited from medical technologies with animal testing. In fact some systems and committees are set for limiting cruelty. For instance there are about twenty groups on the Animal Care and Facility Committee ACFC that scrutinize and make sure the animals in the laboratories are treated properly Ansert 2007 . They make some strict rules that should be followed in the laboratories. They also have to examine all of the animal facilities at least every six month. Besides other policies or guidelines such as Public Health Service Policy PHS Policy and Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals are also made for handle animal testing in the US. In Europe there are also some laws for animal testing and the most powerful one is Directive for the Protection of Vertebrate Animals used for Experimental and other Scientific Purposes Laboratory Animal Sciences n. D. . Moreover in the US even some experiments or researches done in the universities should follow the Federal Animal Welfare Act AWA guidelines. If one is found that he disobeyed the policy of AWA it would lose the federal funds Ansert 2007 . In conclusion although some people disagree animal testing the companies should allow it. With strict rules from the government it is believed that animal testing is not misapplied. There is an idiom said You can't have your cake and eat it too. Hence if animal testing can help human develop the new and helpful medicine people should keep going on it. Reference Ansert J. 2007 . Rutgers Continues Animal Testing Despite Activist's Concerns. NY Oxford. Gourville J. T. 2002 . The Medicines Company. Harvard Business School. Massachusetts US. Laboratory Animal Sciences n. D. . The Law and the Regulation. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Y. 2009 . What does the Incident of the Melamine Teach Us ANON URLSITE. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_. Animal Testing. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Wikipedia n. D. B . Melamine. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
