Abortion Today my mother killed me. I am in my mother's womb playing and kicking my mother's stomach making her feel enthusiastic about me. I heard on many occasions my parents were trying to find me a name. My name is John what a lovely name they picked for me I can't wait to come out and experience life. However more recently I heard that my mother is going to abort me no wait! She cannot she loves me and my father loves me too. Thus I hear a doctor's voice my mother is screaming. I realized my mother decided to kill me. I realized my parents are selfish. Things are out of hand so I'm ready to die. Do I even have a say in this Do I have a choice . The womb becomes a tomb nowadays. People for their own selfish reasons are arguing for abortion. Abortion on ANON_URLSITE_is defined as the termination of a pregnancy by the removal or expulsion from the uterus of a fetus or embryo resulting in its death . If you had one opportunity to ponder about life would you think about the dead that are killed daily And how many innocent human beings are killed And what do they experience just the moment they lose their life. Abortion is becoming a habit or even a trend a horrible trend to which people are becoming accustomed. Their justification is that the infant would live a life in hell because the parents cannot afford the expenses or because the infant has birth defects. Abortion should be illegalized for certain reasons such as being unethical for it is considered killing a person and social population control. First of all induced abortion is a harsh and wrong decision at the same time due to many reasons such as ethics. For example many teenagers nowadays go to parties get drunk and have unprotected sex with a random person whom they may know or do not know. They engage in such an act without thinking about the consequences. A fun night of sex and drinking can lead to some weighed consequences that could change a person's life. Those consequences include becoming pregnant acquiring a sexually transmitted disease or even worse both. When it is too late and after they find out they are pregnant because of a stupid decision they easily make a decision to abort or in other word get rid of the baby. Induced abortion is definitely considered as abusing the body. Abortion has many side effects on the body. Some of these side effects may require hospitalization after the induced abortion. Such risks include heavy bleeding damage to the cervix damage to other internal organs and in worst case scenarios death. Additionally people who had induced abortion are running from the truth and from the human being. Coping with stress should never include escaping reality and making such random and without measures decisions like terminating a pregnancy. It is after all taking a life. Secondly induced abortion is unquestionably considered as killing. When you really think about it what difference between murders and the innocents that get aborted Both sides are victims. Thus the worse part that the aborted infant gets killed by an easy and a stupid decision of the infant's parents. Also there are many websites that encourage people to get their abortion and kill their infants such as ANON_URLSITE_what else we can do A gangster's websites Furthermore if the induced abortion is legal so why do not we just go outside to the streets with a machine gun and blast people up because there are no difference between the machine gun and the curette a loop sharp knife to scrap the fetus or in other word kill the fetus. People nowadays complaining about muggers and killers and they have already forgot about the abortion. The muggers steel people rights and properties the killers kill people and steel their life. Abortion steels a person's life and rights however unfortunately abortion has been legalized. Third abortion plays a significant part in the social population control. It unbalances the number of birth rate and mortality rate. For example according to The United States statistics of abortion the number of abortion per year is 1. 37 Million and per day are approximately 3 700. These big numbers of abortion might affects the balance of the population in the future and decreases it constantly if the abortion still is being legalized. Furthermore adoption is another way for people instead of abortion. People nowadays prefer to adopt children instead of giving a birth. So give the baby chance to live and has his her own life instead of wipe out the baby from the reality. It is also the baby's body not your body to ruin their lives. Finally even though people know all these information about abortion they still do not care about it and keep aborting. Satisfying themselves by having unprotected sex or in other word fun night and then kill the baby is unfair taboo and selfishness. Running away from the reality and lying to themselves is not always a solution. People who committed to abort their babies always regret have nightmares and have disorder diseases and other internal organic diseases. In conclusion abortion has been legalized and it should has been illegalized and restricted for many certain reasons like using abortion unethically just to satisfy their own selfish reasons such as sex it is considered more killing than terminating pregnancies and affects worldwide population in many sites such as the basic of the birth and the mortality rate. Those aborted children might be a successful people who make changes in people's life. They might make changes in the world too. Many poor children studied and became a successful people affected and impressed the world. For example Abdulwahed Al awady Kuwaiti man his mother decided to abort him Thus she could not because it is illegalized in Kuwait then she traveled to Egypt to abort him and her husband stopped her. And now this man is the ministration of the education of Kuwait. People worldwide are in a hurry all the time. They want to take the decision and do it at the same time. Give people at least one chance to proof themselves and you be proud. References ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON URLPAGE
