Recently abolishing death penalty was an argumentative issue in Taiwan. As a protective human right lawyer when Chin Fang Wang was selected to be the Secretary of Justice she claimed that she would not guarantee any death penalty case during her term. Wang's statement triggered off a huge wave of opposite response. Many victims' family blamed her for disrespecting the victims and stood out for resigning her commission they even convened press conferences to express their disappointment and opinions. This negative comment gained a lot of sympathy and supporters. Eventually Chin Fang Wang was forced to resign her position. It is thought that abolishing death penalty is a current trend of the world. Many advanced countries have canceled the death penalty in their laws. However this phenomenon does not mean that the social security in an advanced country is safer or more stable than other countries which have death penalty. Moreover if the death penalty is canceled it would cause a lot of problems such as heavy financial costs of the government increasing the proportion of crimes and the justice issue. First of all the cost is a crucial factor which is influenced by the death penalty. If the death penalty is abolished there will be more and more convicts who have capital punishment stay in the jails. The government must pay much money for keeping these people in the jail than it did not before. If the criminals were kept in the jail in the rest of their life they would not have any contribution to the society but they could be fed by the government and live in a stable and safe environment without any effort because they are the dangerous. It becomes a heavy financial burden on the cost of the government and it also increases all taxpayers' economic costs. Therefore abolishing the death penalty to keep the criminals' life is unfair to the citizens. When the numbers of the criminals who have death penalty but will not be implemented the punishment are accumulated a lot it is necessary to build other jails in order to detain these people and cost los of money which is not significant at all. Usually the criminals who have the capital punishment are felonious and they have committed the extremely detestable sin before. If these criminals can apply for a parole it is possible that they might commit the crimes again then it will spend much more the social cost for pursuing the criminals. Therefore based on this factor of the cost the death penalty should not be canceled. Second having death penalty is an advantageous effect on deterring crimes. It is clear that the capital punishment just like a deterrent which make the outlaw alarmed and decreasing their motivation. Deterrent of the death penalty not only has a passive function but also has a positive significance. On the other hand positively the death penalty is a symbol of the value that people want to protect the upright. It also implies that if someone commits crime he has to pay for it some day. Furthermore generally the law is drawn up by the minimum of morality thus the death penalty should be the last line of defense which preserve the social security. If the death penalty is abolished it might cause people's worry and panic again as long as one of the criminal who has death penalty has a parole. Especially for the victims' families it is hard to guarantee that the criminal would not make trouble to the victims' families because the criminals know that even if they kill more people they do not have to worry about they might be killed by the capital punishment the situation is similar as the criminals' neighborhood people will not feel comfortable if they know their neighbor who has killed someone before lives next to them. However implementing the death penalty can solve all worries upward and decrease the rate of the crime. Finally the justice issue is the most important factor that the death penalty should exist. Many people who against the death penalty consider that even the criminals still have the human right. However it is not fair if the criminals can retain their right and would not be implemented the death penalty. If the criminals would not be penalized how people comfort and compensate for the victims' human right. If the murderers have thought about the right of the victims' life they would not be too cruel to kill the sufferers thus those criminals should have known that when they killed the sufferers they also lost their human right at the same time. Therefore the death penalty has to be kept and sustained. Although the victims of the murders can not bring back to life at least they can be given the justice of the law by penalizing the killers. In addition each death penalty case must be considered cautiously and be proven by obvious evidences then be judge. Ba Dau Jiu who is a writer in Taiwan claimed that if the crime is not too worst to have the death penalty the criminals would not have that however oppositely if the criminals have the death penalty then they should be penalized according to the laws Chang Xie Xiang 2010 . Based on the fairness and justice the victims' families should be paid more attention and comfort than the criminals. Although the killers' death could not revive the sufferers' life the sufferers' families might get the second hurt if the murderers would not be killed by the death penalty. It is thought that if people have suffered the deep sorrow for their family who was murdered they will never forgive the murderers and support to abolish the death penalty. Therefore before the people who strive for the criminals' human rights and want to cancel the penalty could empathize with the feelings and hopelessness of the victims' families they will not insist on their previous opinions at all. Recently there was a social movement in Taiwan on March 28th many people including a lot of the victims' families gathered in front of the president hall by sitting with a peaceful mind and expressed their thinking about against abolishing the death penalty. According to ANON_NAME_0 2010 who is a journalist for The Liberty Times reported that an old gentle man who his daughter was killed in a maltreat way eight years ago even has suffered the sorrow so far and still felt helpless. The old father said that when he recalled how the killer mistreated his daughter and thought of the killer is still alive he felt that the life has no meaningful at all and the judicature is unfair if the death penalty is going to be abolished in the future. Therefore it can be seen that if the death penalty is abolished it will make more and more people live under the shadow of their families' death. One of reasons of some people against the death penalty by the fact that occasionally a few criminals had been penalized the capital punishment then were proven that they were innocent in the past. However Wang 2010 who is a senior social journalist stated that he had seen too many serious social events for many years and there were rarely condemned criminals have deserved to be sympathized. In order to solve this point the best solution is to reinforce the evidence searching carefully before the prisoner was judged instead of canceling the death penalty. Moreover abolishing the death penalty is a trend of the world is another common negative reason. Some people think that abolishing the death penalty is like a symbol of an advanced or a civilization country. If countries want to express their superiority or advancement they have to follow this trend. However this opinion is misunderstanding people have to know even in a high democratic equipment society the country can still retain the death penalty. Whether a country is advanced or not is not relevant to the death penalty. The function of the death penalty is basically to protect and to prevent the citizens. In conclusion the death penalty is helpful to maintain the cost of the government instead of spending much money for keeping the criminals in the jails it also has a deterrent function to decreasing the rate of the crime and gives the justice to the victims and the victims' families. The death penalty's pros outweigh the cons. If a country decides to abolish the death penalty it might have a risk to suffer the artificial disaster some day.
