The Reduction or Abolition in Animals Experiments Dogs are human's best friends . This is a famous sentence in the world. Not only dogs various kind of pets such as mice cats birds turtles rabbits even monkeys are raised by human family. Every pet has its own characteristic so a pet might be a naughty willful sensitive emotional or friendly one and it could accompany lonely persons or helps people to release their pressures. In addition it is fun to keep them and watch them growing up everyday. The experience is like a friendship between human being and natural creatures furthermore it could also like a relationship between parent and child because some people treat pets like their children and deeply love them. Therefore if your dog gets lost you must be impatient to find it just like an anxious mother worry about her lost child and will do everything she could to get her dog back. However after searching your dog for many months you eventually find it but it is locked in a cage besides your dog is crying because a researcher inject it a laboratory sample and that make your dog uncomfortable and painful. Your dog might want to refuse the medical experiments but it cannot say no because your dog is a stray dog and a stray dog without its keeper cannot speak for itself. You heart is broken for it but it is too late to save your dog completely. Some reports revealed that there have been animal's experiments many years ago. Using animals of laboratory experiments such as animals testing of cosmetics or medical science is a serious issue and it is happening. Researchers use rabbits to test cosmetics. Because rabbits' eyes are sensitive they put a cosmetics drop in a rabbit's eye and wait for the rabbit's reaction. And then the rabbits which are used in a experiment might be blind so they don't need those rabbits anymore and kill them. As a article states Much of the experimentation including pumping chemicals into rats' stomachs hacking muscle tissue from dogs' thighs and putting baby monkeys in isolation chambers far from their mothers is paid for by you the American taxpayer and consumer yet you can't visit a laboratory and see how the government has spent your money. Cromwell J. N. D. . Tons of animals suffer and die everyday because of animal experiments. However according to an essay from PETA People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals it indicates it's not necessary to do animal experiments because animals testing played no role in important medical developments like the development of anesthesia or the discovery of the link between cholesterol and heart disease furthermore there is no guarantee that drugs which have been tested on animals are safe because the physiology is different between humans and other animals. Therefore it is cruel to use a great number of animals in laboratory experiments and people should not reduce the number because that is a non humane issue there are alternative way in using animals in lab and the experiments' result can be useless. First of all it is obvious that animal experiments are non humane issues and it is against animals' natural being. Many animals hurt lose their legs are cultivated tumors on their body and die everyday for only one reason which is human's desire. Researchers put those animals on cage and do everything they need and want for them and the animals can only be torture and accept their destinies. According to an essay from ANON_URLSITE_chimpanzee's babies are never separated from their own group and spend hours to together everyday. They are protected by their parents live close to their mothers and have natural life with their peers at a safe nest. But in a laboratory there are caged and isolated one by one. They cannot share feelings or play with their families or companions anymore and spend whole days in a firm and cold jail alone until their death. Rats cannot dig and hide themselves anymore and dogs and cats cannot run to anywhere but stay in a small lab. They are all deprived of freedom. If those animals are human being would you do the same thing to them the answer is implicit. Secondly there are alternative way to do animal experiments because modern technology and human clinical tests are much more effective and reliable if comparing with primitive animal experiments besides animals testing played no role in important medical developments. In medical historians' points you can improve nutrition and sanitation policies and human behavioral and environmental factor to decreasing the number of deaths from disease rather than experiments from animals. Technology and science change and advance from day to day human are incredible animals and always can find methods to solve problems. An essay from DLRM stated Epidemiology computers for the construction of mathematical models and cell and tissue cultures in vitro are three fundamental methods in modern biomedical research. But running parallel with them and partly derived from them are many others which awaken a new hope the hope that biomedical research may already be on the way to a radical renewal. Croce P. Dec 2001 . Scientist can use 'Reduction' 'Refinement' and 'Replacement' known as the 3R's to replace animal experimentation or reduce the number of animals used in experiments. Although scientific methods of biological and medical research today cannot complete abolition of all animal experiments and it is inevitable to use them in variety of research but reductions in animal experiments can work. In addition according to essay from Animals Used for Experimentation PETA many of the most important advances in the field of health care can be attributed to human studies which have led to major medical breakthroughs such as the development of anesthesia the stethoscope morphine radium penicillin artificial respiration x rays antiseptics and CAT MRI and PET scans the study of bacteriology and germ theory. If there is no link between animal tests and important medical developments what is reason for imposing immense and needless suffering to the innocent animals Finally the most important reason that we should reduce or stop animal testing is that the experiments' result might be useless. Due to mice and human have different physiology the animal based research cannot be extrapolated to humans and the best way to avoid injuries is total abolition of all animal experiments. A 2002 report in the Journal of the American Medical Association found that in the last 25 years many drugs had to be taken off or removed from the market because they caused adverse reactions. In the past decade several widely used prescription medications have been observed to cause life threatening adverse effects and some have been removed from the market. Aaron S. K. Avorn J. 2007 . According to an essay from Doctors and Lawyers for Responsible Medicine there are a few examples of drugs which have cause horrific harm to people even though they had all been 'safety tested' on animals. For example OPREN hailed as a 'wonder drug' for arthritis. It was withdrawn in 1982 after 62 deaths and 3 500 serious side effects in the UK alone including damage to skin eyes circulation liver and kidneys. CLIOQUINOL also known as Entero Vioform given as an anti diarrhoeal drug. It was widely known to have caused 30 000 cases of blindness and or paralysis in Japan alone and thousands of deaths worldwide. It caused a new serious disease called SMON. Another example THALIDOMIDE given as a sedative to pregnant women and marketed by Chemie Gruenenthal as a harmless tranquilizer for the pregnant woman and absolutely safe for the unborn child it caused tens of thousands of birth defects worldwide. In adults thalidomide also produced peripheral neuropathy permanent nerve damage not detected in animal tests. Also Thalidomide cause human limbs to stop rowing prematurely in utero resulting in the birth of babies with malformed arms and legs. Wolf 2010 indicate again that it is dangerous to use animal test medicine in human body. Some researchers might say that they are working for the welfare of humans for the welfare of us all. And for this noble purpose we need to experiment on animals. Also they could claim that we can sacrifice a few animals to achieve a great goal which is rescuing more people from suffering and pain. Furthermore some researchers even don't care about those animals which still struggle to save their lives in a lab. Nevertheless with our love for nature and animals we must to devise optimal methods or solutions for the non human species in order to reduce number of animals and stop imposing the act of brutality on animals. It is not just a moral issue and it is also about human's healthiness. In conclusion a reduction or abolition in animal experiment is imperative to act now because this issue is non humane unnecessary worthless and wasteful. Laboratory experiments on animal for human medicine is dangerous and only with the total abolition of this misleading method of research can make research valid and replace it with truly scientific treatments hence saving both humans' and animals' lives and protecting health. If you still dubious about the animal experiment you could ask all the experimenters why they have tests on animals they might answer Because they are animals not human being . If you ask them if it is morally fine to experiment on human they might answer No of course not . There is a logical contradiction in it and remember that do not do to others what you don't want to be done to you Cromwell J. Animal Testing 101 from ANON URLPAGE Animals Used for Experimentation from ANON URLPAGE Stop animal ANON URLSITE. Life in a Laboratory from ANON URLPAGE Doctors and Lawyers for Responsible Medicine Dec 2001 . Alternative Medical Research from ANON URLPAGE Science 1997 No 278 p. 1041 Aaron S. K. Avorn J. 2007 . The Role of litigation in defining drug risks. 297 3 308 311. From ANON URLPAGE Wolf G. 2010 March . Of Mice and men. Wired Money Wants to be Free 18. 02 84.
