Euthanasia In South Korea a grandmother Kim was issued socially recently because she is a patient who died for euthanasia in Korea. Strictly speaking she who had been a human vegetable after hospitalization died 201 days after euthanasia. It was the reason why she became a huger issue. The case of Kim was a debate between her family and hospital about human's life and the debate went to Supreme Court. Her family insisted to quit a meaningless cure of the prolongation of life whereas the hospital decided not to quit the cure. Even though the result of judgment which was to eliminate a respirator from her after the struggle she was surviving by breathing herself for 201 days. In 201 days she had a crisis which she overcame by the respirator. People couldn't help thinking the debate was just mischief with human's life. Thus the case became larger and larger by showing on the media. And also euthanasia has become the huge and debatable issue in Korea. Euthanasia is crucial issue not only in Korea but also in the world. Euthanasia is divided into 'active euthanasia' and 'passive euthanasia. ' 'Active euthanasia' which is sometimes called 'mercy killing' is that involves any direct intervention to cause death such as injecting a lethal drug or participating in a form of assisted suicide in which another person provides the means for the patient to die Euthanasia 2005 . 'Passive euthanasia' is indirect intervention to reach death such as eliminating a respirator from a patient. Few countries allow active euthanasia the Netherlands Belgium Luxembourg and so on. On the other hand a few countries allow only passive euthanasia the UK the US Japan Germany Korea and so on. Even if not the small number of countries allows euthanasia many people of those countries against the law of their countries and euthanasia has been still a problem. Euthanasia should be banned as lots of people think in the world. The reasons are that Euthanasia is a kind of kill definitely needs to have very complicated laws to allow and the important reason is that Euthanasia deal with human's life. First the origin of euthanasia which refers to the practice of ending a life in a painless is from the Greek meaning good death eu well or good thanatos death . According to the House of Lords Select Committee on Medical Ethics the precise definition of euthanasia is a deliberate intervention undertaken with the express intention of ending a life to relieve intractable suffering Euthanasia n. D. . And euthanasia is called 'mercy killing'. By the expression and origin people can know the euthanasia has a strong meaning of 'killing or death'. Even if euthanasia is killing for extreme pain it is not right to reduce pain from death. Suicide is also death to reduce pain but nobody say that it's ok to suicide for reducing pain. Euthanasia is similar with suicide. Second really complicated laws are needed if a country allows euthanasia legally. Why it's not easy to be legitimate is the problem which deals with life. When euthanasia is allowed there might be misuses and abuses. For example people who want to suicide can try dying by euthanasia and mental patients or mentally deficient people who can't show their opinion accurately can be euthanized because their life are judged to be worthless. Furthermore methods of euthanasia can be against humanity and there can be a lot of things people can't consider now. In Belgium in which the parliament legalized euthanasia in late September 2002 proponents of euthanasia state that prior to the law several thousand illegal acts of euthanasia were carried out in Belgium each year Euthanasia n. D. . After legislation the law should be modified consecutively. Third in a perspective of life euthanasia is divided to voluntary euthanasia nonvoluntary euthanasia involuntary euthanasia. Voluntary euthanasia is right way the others are not adequate because the life of patients is controlled by their own opinion. Voluntary Euthanasia involves at least two willing people a doctor and a patient Cheang 1977 . In some cases patients can make a determination whether or not they will get euthanasia if they could perceive all things clearly with their consciousness. However usually family of a patient who is euthanized is determiner even if euthanasia should be voluntary euthanasia because there are many human vegetables in people who get euthanasia. In this case the most euthanasia shouldn't be accepted without any will which patients have clear consciousness. In addition to the will is not fine because their thinking can be change after they become the human vegetables. Fourth many people who are euthanized are usually brain dead and human vegetables. Quite often there are a little bit of miracle for them. Although some of the brain dead may have suffered death of the higher functions of their brains they can survive albeit sometimes in a coma for long periods without extraordinary medical care Alexander 1974 . Also a few human vegetables may survive long times after their family give up on them to survive. They are different from the brain dead because they can really survive with consciousness like just people who wake up in the morning. Even if it is an incredible miracle it happens sometimes. However when people get euthanasia they can't have any chance to see the miracle. On the other hand considerable people insist Euthanasia should be allowed legally. They tell that a pain of patient is intolerant as well as death. In order to stop the pain they think death is inevitable. And the people insist that family also have pain. Families get a psychological and economical burden because they take care of patient. They don't know until when the patient will survive and whether or not the patient will survive. Thus their stress is also huge as well as the patient. Recently some people who advocate euthanasia have gone further arguing that respect for people's rights to autonomy and self determination means competent adults have a right to die at a time of their choosing and the state has no right to prevent them from doing so Somerville 2010 . . In this age a medical technology which is developed becomes to control destiny of human and makes the number of people who advocate increase. However the best important thing in the world is human's life. Thus even if people tell all the time about euthanasia to be allowed finally it is not accepted. References Euthanasia. 2005 . Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Euthanasia. N. D. . Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Euthanasia. N. D. . Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Cheang M. 1977 . Voluntary euthanasia. Singapore Medical Journal 18 4 266. Alexander M. 1974 May . Euthanasia. Commentary Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Somerville M. 2010 . When is Euthanasia justified . Canada Globe Mail .
