International Patents and Access to HIV AIDS Medications in Poor Developing Countries Does patent law on HIV AIDS drugs equitable with poor developed countries Do these populations have access to Antiretroviral medications ART to combat HIV Unfortunately the majority of people who have HIV and live in a poor developing country do not have access to ART drugs WHO 2006 . According to WHO in some regions only 20 of people who need ART currently receive medication and one of the most important barriers to have access to treatment and ART drugs are called political of patent laws Castro Westerhaus 2007 . As a result of an unclear and bureaucratic law about patent the numbers reflecting the discrepancy between people who receive medications and people who do not. Thus the countries have to cope with and make a tremendous effort to provide a minimum of treatment for these urgently needed patients or the statistics would not change in the future. It is imperative that patent laws do not overtake the right of health and the access to medications and treatment. There is no doubt that AIDS Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome is the major global healthy problem leading to 2. 0 Million deaths every year. According to UNAIDS Joint United Nations Programme on HIV AIDS 33. 4 Million people live with HIV worldwide. And also the disease has a social impact and it is a major threat to development and to human society Piot Peter 2001 . In 2008 2. 0 Million people in the world died of AIDS WHO . The most of these death occurred in Sub Sahara Africa which represents 67 of HIV infections worldwide and 72 of the world's AIDS related deaths in 2008 UNAIDS 2008 . Thus 22. 4 Million people live with HIV in Sub Sahara Africa and 44 of people in need were estimate to receive ART therapy. WHO estimate that 20 of people who need ART therapy worldwide receive it. In another countries this percentage can drop to 17 Castro A. Westerhaus M. 2007 . However even though the number of people infected with HIV is increasing the use of new drugs have improved the life quality and reduced the death rate to who have access to ARV medications Farmer 2001 . As a result WHO tried to increase the access to treatment between the years 2003 and 2005. This effort was known as the 3 by 5 which the goal was to have 3 million people on ART treatment by the end of 2005. By the end the numbers of patients receiving treatment in low and middle income countries increased from 400 000 to 1. 3 Million. However this initiative was not expanded because of constraints scarce human resources and other critical issues in health system especially in poor countries WHO 2006 Yet the access to these medications depends on various nuances that involve public health structure financing problems. However patents law is one of the greatest obstacles to equitable access to ART drugs in poor developing countries. The efforts to reduce these interferences still not sufficient and the population continue to suffer as a result of this roundabout history involving pharmaceutical companies public health and patent laws. Namely patent is the grant of a property right to an inventor issued by Patent and Trademark Office. In 1883 the Paris convention for the protection of industrial property corroborates that a patent must be officially recording and lasts for 20 years. In 1967 the World Intellectual Property WIPO was created to regulate intellectual property such as production distribution and the use of knowledge. This contradiction and charged subject always led to inflamed debates especially in reason of the crescent globalization and its necessities of a standardization intellectual property law Castro Westerhaus 2007 . Parallel to the expansion of the international economic trades the Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights TRIPS Agreement between 1986 1994 was conceived. In 1995 was created the World Trade Organizations WTO an organization constituted by 153 member states which 32 are least developed countries. In addition the WIPO and the WTO agree to supervise the enforcement of TRIPS. As a result all members must to follow and apply patent law and they cannot commercialize produce import and export any product protected by patent law. Furthermore theses regulations were applied to pharmaceutical products as well and the contradictions and dilemmas about the patent law became highly controversial. Subsequently the TRIPS open exception and allow using a patent drug or product and the compulsory licenses were created. However they did not specify which under circumstances some countries could use the compulsory licenses to violate the law. Another issue in this case was the requirement that the country claiming compulsory license have to manufacturing the product in situ. However countries with urgently needs of drugs do not have technical knowledge and structural capacity to produce medications. Consequently this exception does not have effect or benefits for these countries where the necessity of medication is urgent. In 2001 the Doha Declaration affirmed that public heath has a priority over patent status and the dilemma about lack of technology and manufacturing capabilities was discussed. In result of that some countries could use compulsory license and import generic medications. In Doha was established that poor development countries were not obligate to implement patent law for pharmaceuticals until January 16 2016 and the least developed countries allowed to use compulsory license are Angola Bangladesh Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Central African Republic Chad Democratic Republic of Congo Djibouti Gambia Guinea Guinea Bissau Haiti Lesotho Madagascar Malawi Maldives Mali Mauritania Mozambique Myanmar Nepal Niger Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone Solomon Island Togo Uganda United Republic of Tanzania and Zambia United Nations 2005 . Consequently Brazil India Cuba Thailand Guatemala and South Africa can produce generic drugs and provide medications to countries which do not have capability to produce it. However these decisions triggered debates and more arguments. The USA government tried to limited the countries and the diseases benefited from this new statement. In addition the pressure against the use of this compulsory license is very high Oliveira Bermudez Chaves Velasquez 2004 . Because of that just Malaysia Indonesia Zambia and Mozambique have success to use compulsory license to have access to ARV productions Adelman 2005 . In an attempt to defend themselves pharmaceutical companies discusses that the protection of patent laws allow them to recover from the economic expenses and investments made in research and development of drugs. However specialists argue that in the past the pace of a research was different and the time of a patent expire 20 years do not reflect the pace of research actually and it is a period extremely long and unjustified. In addition some activists argue that pharmaceutical companies include costs of advertisements in their expenses and the amount of money which is reinvested in drugs development is low if we compare which the profits to industries make to sell drugs. Furthermore the patent protection allows industries to monopolize the market and dictate the prices of medications. As a result the cost of ARV became high and impossible for these countries to continue or expand the access to ART medications Stiglitz 2004 . Briefly despite poverty public health infrastructure and political commitment patent law has a serious impact in AIDS treatment especially in poor countries Castro Westerhaus 2007 . Furthermore it is proved that the access to medications improves the quality and raises the span of life. Consequently the social impact of this terrible disease is minimized when the population has access to ART therapy. This health issue needs to be discussed and clarified to the world population. In addition initiatives need to be taken to minimize these disparities involving global public health. In the long run the access to medications should be a human right not a privilege of a few. Bibliography Westerhaus M. Castro A 2006 . How do intellectual property law and international trade agreements affect access to antiretroviral therapy. USA PLoS Med. Angell M. 1989 . The truth about the drug companies. New York Random House. Love J. Hubbard T. 2004 . Make drugs affordable replace TRIPS plus by R D plus. Bridges. World Intellectual Property Organization. Paris convention for the protection of industrial property. ANON URLPAGE Joint United Nations Programme on HIV AIDS. AIDS epidemic uptade December 2008 Geneva joint United Nations Programme on HIV AIDS World Health Organization. Progress on global access to HIV antiretroviral therapy a report on 3 by 5 and beyond. ANON URLPAGE en highres. Pdf United States Patent and Trademark Office. ANON URLPAGE
