Can GM crops become the solution for agriculture For long history of human being agriculture is the most important way to get food. The rich harvest has guaranteed their lives. On the other hand natural disasters such as unfavorable weather and outbreak of harmful insects have caused tragedies of hunger. The nature is sometimes uncontrollable and gives hardships for humans. It is a common custom of human to pray and thank for gods for rich harvest because of importance and difficulty of agriculture. In North America Thanks giving day is a holiday to thanks for the God for harvest. In Japan Daikoku who is a god of agriculture and thought to give people rich harvest is one of the most popular gods. Now as one of the results of the long effort of human for improvement of breeds people have a new technology and they can modify plants genes as they want. Does this new technology can bring a brilliant success for agriculture Genetically modified GM crops are crops which genes are artificially modified by recent biotechnology technique. These crops have special features given by artificially transferred genes. In contrast to traditional selective breeding which is effective only for breeding with plants relatively close species recent biotechnology enables people to bring genes beyond the border of species. For example researchers can put in genes come from unrelated plants or sometimes bacteria into crops to give resistant for herbicide or insect specific toxin. Because GM crops are useful for large scale agriculture people have gradually accepted them. U. S. Agriculture already deeply depends on GM crops. By the data of U. S. Department of Agriculture the National Agricultural Statistics Service GM crops were planted on eighty five percent of acreage for corn and approximately ninety percent for soybean 2009 whereas many countries do not allow the commercial use of GM crops yet. It seems difficult to stop the use of GM crops especially in the U. S. However the cultivation of GM crops should be limited because they still have unwilling impact on agricultural economy and possibility of the hazard for the environment. The GM crop is a double edged sword. The U. S is the number one country of its area of GM crops and it is difficult to ignore the merits of GM crops. People who approve of GM crops claim that GM crops can contribute to humans by several reasons. For example it is said that GM crops help to reduce agricultural chemicals such as herbicide and insecticide. Cultivating insect resistance crops requires less insecticide. Because these plants contain the insect specific toxin Bt toxin harmful insects are killed if these insects eat these plants. Herbicide resistance crops have resistance for herbicide. It enables farmers to use higher density of herbicide than it used for conventional crops but fewer times. Consequently cultivation of herbicide resistance crops needs less amount of herbicide than cultivation of conventional crops as a total amount. However these GM crops have possibility of emergence of insects or weeds which have resistance for GM traits. If insects and weeds have resistance for insecticide or Bt toxin people need more strong chemicals and corresponding GM crops. Tabashnic and his research team indicated the possibility that bollworm's resistance to Bt toxin had increased for 10 years that in some American fields Tabashnik Gassmann Crowder Carriere 2008 . Similarly it is said that the careless use of herbicide resistance crops could stimulate develop of herbicide resistance weeds. This phenomenon is caused by the fact that the use of high amount of herbicide can work as selection intensity and make a profit for herbicide resistance weeds Gunsolus 2002 . In short the GM crops can contribute to reduce agricultural chemicals right now this technology still have some difficulty for continuous use. As another benefits of GM crops 'Golden rice' is a model of nutritiously enforced GM crops. Golden Rice is a kind of rice genetically modified to be the source of Vitamin A. Golden rice is introduced as relief for poor people suffer from Vitamin A deficiency Guerinot 2000 . However some organization criticized Golden rice that the amount of Vitamin A contained in Golden rice was not enough and people had to eat 3. 7 Kilos of rice to satisfy daily needs of Vitamin A Greenpeace 2001 . Although the researchers made resolution by the invention of 'Golden Rice 2' Paine et al 2005 which contains more than 20 times of Vitamin A than 'Golden Rice' this episode shows the importance of considering whether the these kind of GM crops can work as meaningful solution. As the first problem of GM crops it has a great impact on agricultural economy. Only the large companies which have enough capital are able to develop a new breeding of GM crops because of high cost of developing and examining GM crops. Once a company succeeded to make popular crops that company would have great influence on the agricultural market. Because of contracts with seeds companies farmers are usually do not allowed to use their harvest as seeds for the next year. Of course people should protect patents of intellectual aspect of GM seeds farmers have to buy GM seeds from seed companies every year. Morris 2010 reported the relationship between a seeds company and farmers at NPR radio program. In his report he reported that the cost of seeds got higher about fifty percent after the introduction of GM seeds while he commented that GM crops became a necessary technology for farmers. He also mentioned that Monsanto whose GM technology Roundup Ready is popular herbicide resistance have great leverage for both other seeds companies and farmers. Besides the importance of protecting patents of GM crops the situation that few companies occupy the agricultural market may cause serious problem. Second problem of GM crops is that it is impossible to prevent the unintentional spread of artificial genes into both other conventional crops and the natural environment. The genes introduced into GM crops are artificial genes and therefore they should be kept in under control of humans. These genes should not be allowed to bring into conventional crops and wild plants. However as an inherent character of GM crops these plants have ability to breed and the same appearance with ordinal plants. Consequently it is difficult to prevent the spread of artificial genes. First of all usually the crops of the GM plants are able to works as seeds for the next generation. As a result even if people take care a lot there are inevitable possibilities which seeds of GM crops can spill and start to grow without the eyes of peoples such as during cultivations harvesting and transportation. For example of spread of GM seeds a survey of Japanese consumer's Union indicated the escape of GM canola into the road side near ports Japan for sustainability 2009 . This case shows the difficulty of controlling the escape of GM seeds. In addition pollens are easily brought to out of farms. Bees and other insects don't distinguish GM crops and other crops. If people use GM crops in a small island it may reduce the spread of pollens some degree otherwise it is difficult to stop the pollinators. Moreover some kinds of GM crops such as corns use wind to bring pollen. In this case more pollen is brought to out of the field. Although separating the field of GM crops by enough distance may reduce the possibility of spreads it can't be a perfect way to prevent the spreads of artificial genes. Finally once the GM crops contaminated into conventional crops or wild plants it is impossible to separate. The appearance of GM crops has no difference with conventional crops. It is necessary to test genetically to distinguish the GM crops. In conclusion GM crops are difficult to control the unintended spread and once it spread to outside it is almost impossible to eliminate them. In addition to the difficulty of spreading control the effect of GM crops GM crops on environment is difficult to estimate once they leak into the environment. Even if safety examination of GM crops are required before using in the field the limited time and situation may not be able to reveal all effects GM crops on the environment. In the real environment several elements related each other and one change finally cause complex results. As the example of complexity of ecological system Sasu and her research group reported the experiment about virus resistant GM plants in the filed Sasu Ferrari ANON NAME 0 Winsor Stephenson 2009 . They cultivated wild gourd and virus resistant transgene VRT gourd in the same place for three years to measure the effects of transgene fitness. The data showed several results. About the virus the VRT plants have resistance for virus diseases and as a result VTR plants made more flowers and fruits than wild plants. On the other hand amount of damage of cucumber beetles increased for VTR plants. In addition VTR plants have higher infection rate of wilt disease. They explained this phenomenon that cucumber beetles prefered to eat healthy plants which contain more VTR plants because they didn't get damage from Virus and the damage of beetles cause wilt disease. They concluded that it is necessary to understanding the effect of leaked transgenes that consider the effect from complete perspective of ecological system. As their research shows understanding effects of transgene plants in the wild environment is not easy and as mentioned above once the genes leaked it is impossible to recover even though what kind of problem happen. In conclusion because of the impact on agricultural economy and difficulty of gene spreading control the use of GM crops should be limited. Considering the fact that GM crops are already cultivated in the U. S it would be impossible to prohibit all cultivations of GM crops. Furthermore it needs more difficult decision whether GM crops should be restricted if they have a possibility to help people from starvation. However it may be possible that the countries which are prohibiting GM crops continue to keep out GM crops. In addition if people want to buy non GM crops it would be help the farmer to cultivate conventional crops. Humans have been changed the nature around us while we expand habitats and develop the agriculture. However we do not have to forget the thanks for the environment. The GM technology enables us to modify the nature some degree but the nature is still more complex than humans think. Guerinot M. 2000 . The Green Revolution strikes gold. Science 287 5451 241 243. Gunsolus J. 2002 . Herbicide resistant weeds. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Sasu M Ferrari M ANON NAME 0 D Winsor J Stephenson A. 2009 . Indirect costs of a nontarget pathogen mitigate the direct benefits of a virus resistant transgene in wild Cucurbita. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 106 45 19067 19071. Japan for sustainability. 2009 December 16 . Japanese consumer's union finds GM canola growing in Chiba prefecture. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Morris F. 2010 Jan 12 . Monsanto GMO ignites big seed war. National Public Radio. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Paine J. A. Shipton C. A. Chaggar S. Howells R. M. Kennedy M. J. Vernon G. . . . Drake R. 2005 . Improving the nutritional value of golden rice through increased pro vitamin a content. Nature biotechnology 23 4 482 487. U. S. Department of Agriculture the National Agricultural Statistics Service. 2009 . Acreage 06. 30. 200 Cr Pr 2 5 6 09 . Washington DC Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
