The reasons to study in Pittsburgh Before I came to U. S. I had to choose a city and look at its qualification such as sefty cost and kind of institute so all of these a very important for me because I want to live here like I lived in my country. I chose Pittsburgh because its safe its cheap and the ELI is located there. Now Im still studying English I will say about what is I found it there through my daily life. First reason level of safe This is the most important reason because Im student so I need to psychological comfortable to emphasis in my study. That is I found it in Pittsburgh for example I can walk any time alone. I can keep my money when I walking in street but some areas I can not do that because its dangers that is normal in all of place arround the world. Im living in the apartement located in first floor and I dont worry about that because Im feeling safe everytime. Second reason the cost By the way a cost living there its reasonable when compare with other cities such as my apartement its very beatiful and wide at a reasonable price. Like this I can not get it in other city also another districts is not as same as price. Some district more expensive than the district which living it. And there is the opposite. About a food here available several arabian restaurants at reasonable price. They are more expensive than my country but they are less expensive than the other cities at which I visited. Third reason the ELI institute located there Through my experiment in the ELI I think Im lucky for chose it because when I was looking for institute my main goal its has an excellent reputation. I asked some friends they advised me to register in the ELI in Pittsburgh. I have scholarship from my government and require end language just 1 year so I should be do that. I found the ELI provides a suitable environment. Conclude now I have good experience about some American cities and about Pittsburgh specifically. I can provide information to any person is need come to U. S. And recommend anyone to visit Pittsburgh.
