The Necessity of Unification of Separated Korea In the world there are many countries in which people enjoy their lives carrying out cultural exchange and traveling different countries. Also advances in science and technology have gradually increased the opportunity to communicate and interact among countries. Unfortunately there is an excluded country North Korea which has nuclear weapons. We can't exchange cultural difference with and visit North Korea. Some people have the prejudice that they describe North Korea as a part of an axis of devil because most news of the world has dealt with issues of North Korea most of which are negative and at least not positive. Even this news makes the same misunderstanding to some South Koreans who just 60 years ago lived in the same country Korea. In August 15 1945 Korea was released by the colonization of Japan. Then Korea had to be separated into North and South Korea. They don't want to be separated but had to. As time passed the gap between North and South Korea in the quality of life has increased. Under a dictator's pressure North Koreans had to be criticized by other countries. However North Koreans don't know anything about politics and at least they can't control their situation. Someone who has to be blamed is the dictator and some officials of North Korea not North Koreans. They also want to carry out cultural exchange and wait for the day of the unification with South Korea. Korea should be reunified by which Korea can take many advantages as economic political and social advantages. From economic perspectives arms reduction is crucial. Nowadays South Korea as well as North Korea has spent a lot of money being alert to watch the movement each other. According to a report ANON_NAME_0 2010 South Korea was ranked at third place in importing arms while North Korea more than 40 percent of total national budget was spent maintaining arms. Can you imagine that even though North Koreans are almost starving to death North Korea government is reinforcing arms to guard their country against South Korea Also if Korea is unified South Korea can use the area in North Korea and North Korean can get a job in South Korean companies. It is really win win game for both Koreas. In addition it doesn't only be included in financial property but also in personal one. Except for some cases such as the disabled or the overweight South Korean men have the duty of the national defense which means that they have to go to the military when they become 18 years old. Actually some of South Korean men are reluctant to go to the military because when they are 18 years old they are vigorous youth and want to continue their careers in their major. Of course it is very important and respected to protect the country. However most soldiers think of this period boring because the duty doesn't come from the heart but is something unavoidable. Sometimes this dissatisfaction begets illegal behaviors. Although someone is not included in the exception for the military duty it is not impossible for him not to go to the military by giving the judge a lot of money which made the famous phrase in South Korea 'the son of God'. North Korea is worse than South Korea. North Korean duty of the military is for 10 years while South Korean duty is for 2 years. As another advantage the politics can be mentioned. South Korea has a unique risk factor from other countries North Korea. By the effort for several decades South Korea became IT country and was considered as one of the strongest countries. However when other countries invest money in and treat with South Korea they always relate South Korea to North Korea. In most cases North Korea was a negative factor for South Korea. For instance in May 26 2010 the ship of Korean navy sank near the boundary with North Korea without any reason. Then most foreign and even domestic news tried to find some clues regarding North Korea. According to a newspaper Kim 2010 stock prices declined as the news about the ship was spread. Actually nothing about the ship was found. However unless both Koreas unify the similar case to this news will be continued. Also most South Koreans think their country is too small to be able to wield strong influence. If South Korea and North Korea is unified they can affect the world more strongly. They think they can do everything by achieving the hardest goal the unification. Above all things the most important something is 'separated family' which means that someone in South Korea has a family in North Korea. With abrupt separation into two different countries in 1945 some family had to be separated. There was no reason. The separated family can't meet and contact each other and even more they can't know if their family died or not because North Korea is the most closed country in the world. Extraordinarily North Korea made several meetings for the reunion of the separated family but just for several hours. Koreans can't forget the day. News broadcasted the reunion of the separated family and all Koreans watched that with tears running ANON_NAME_1 2010 . They already knew that it was just for one day and they had to return to their country so it was sadder. Probably most people can't imagine this emotion because the emotion may surpass the extreme sadness we can imagine. On the other hand the anti unification activists insist that the unification with North Korea has negative effects on South Korea. Due to the economic gap between South and North Korea if both Koreas are unified South Korean should pay much more money to support North Korean because nowadays most North Koreans are very poor and even more they scrub along. A book compared the economic power between South and North Korea in 1970s. ANON_NAME_1 2008 . In 1970s North Korean economic power was more than 1. 5 Times than South Korean. After then South Korea was developed economically but North Korea still remained in 1970s. However if South Korea continuously postponed the day of the unification the economic gap will increase and finally reach the state which they can't control and next South generation will not know who North Korean is which means that Korean history will be deleted. Also the difference in politics makes it more difficult for both Koreas to be unified. The anti unification activists said that even if the unification is performed the unification can't unify Korean thoughts. The token unification would cause another separation in one Korea and the new problems. Of course the political difference is harder to treat than the economic difference. However nowadays socialist system is being collapsed and North Korea also is feeling it. They gradually are knocking the door of the world. So South Korea can and should help North Korea to adapt to the world. It can be the good chance of the unification Of course it was very difficult for both Koreas to be unified. This is Korean last problem and they should solve this problem. Some scholars consider that German unification is failed because their economic situation is worse than before the unification. However the result can't be estimated just by the economic factor. German history and patriotism might be strengthened by the unification. References ANON_NAME_0 I. D. 2010 May 25 . Comparison between south and north korean arms. New Dong A Kim M. H. 2010 May 29 . Decrease of prices in stock market. Asia Today ANON_NAME_1 K. H. 2000 August 18 . 100 Dramas for 30minutes. Hankook Economy Kim K. H. 2008 . Developmant dictatorship with park ANON_NAME_2 hee. Seoul SunIn.
