The Effects of the Reduced Working Time About eight years ago most people worked more than 45 hours a week in South Korea. However as the number of the unemployed increased the Korean government announced a policy to reduce the unemployment rate. The Korean government thought that if employees volunteered to reduce their work schedule the unemployed would have a better opportunity to find a job. In the long term the plan would help create more jobs preparing the nation for a low birth rate and rapid aging ANON_NAME_0. J. Y. 2010 . As time passed companies introduced this policy. In this case we should pose the question What are the effects of the reduced work schedule on individuals These effects can be divided into positive and negative effects. First as for negative effects the most obvious one is a decrease in income due to the reduced work schedule. The reason is that the income depends on how long workers spend in working. They shared the income each other by sharing working time and reducing the income. That means that individuals had less money to spend and had to cut expenses while prices went up. However as time passed the income was back on track. As the efficiency of working increased most companies could earn more money and increased workers' salary. In addition workers felt irritated because the environment around the workplace was changed a lot. They had to finish a lot of work in a shorter time than before the introduction of the policy. That means that if employees work at the same speed they can't finish their work. Another major problem occurs when they use the bank. All banks in South Korea were open on Saturdays. However after the reduced work schedule they closed on Saturdays. Customers were forced to finish work so that they could use the bank every Friday instead of Saturday. On the contrary it also had some positive effects. First workers would spend more time for family and friends which strengthened bonds. For example before the introduction of the reduced work schedule most workers wanted to take a rest on Sundays just staying at home because they felt exhausted. However after introduction of the policy they were willing to enjoy the weekends with their family and friends due to the benefit of the policy. Also workers could spend more time for studying and self improvement. If they want to study more about their career the companies would adjust to time to fit their schedules and even workers could attend a university class. Finally the efficiency of work was improved. Workers would devote themselves to working. Assume two different people. One person had enough time to be refreshed after and before work while the other one lacked time to be refreshed after and before work. Which one can devote himself to working This question is pretty simple. The reduced work schedule made it possible and by extension made companies efficient which earned more money and gave more salary to workers. Most government's policies have both positive and negative effects. In this case it was true that the government tried to make a policy to reduce the employment rate and this policy had a positive effect on workers. As a result of the policy the quality of lives of workers was improved Reference ANON_NAME_0 J. Y. 2010 February 16 . Korea moves to shorten work hours. Korean Herald
