Even though we are in the globalization world there still has discrimination against women. Some people think that female do not have an ability and power as men do. As we can see nowadays for the important persons of the world such as presidents and leaders of political parties most of them are men. Moreover some parents have a strong believe that having male children is better than having female children because of these reason male can be a good leader and have famous social status rather than women male can take a good care of a family better than women do and men can gain and succeed reputation of a family. First male can be a poerful leader and have famous social status rather than women. We can see in the current society that the most important person is male. China for example from the previous to the present there is no record about China leaders is female. Chinese people have a very strong believe that it is a bad luck for the family to have a daughter because female children cannot become a powerful and dominent person. Second most families believe that sons can take a good care of family rather daughters do. They think that daughters have to take care of other families in the future after they got married. In contrast men can stay in the same house with parents and take care of family. Thai culture for example women have to move in to men house after they got married. Moreover Thai culture cannot accept men move in to live in wife's houses. For this reason parents think that they will be ignored in case they daughters got married because their daughters have to take care of their new families. Third most parents believe that female children have a high opportunity to cause notorious. For example in Thailand many teenager girls got pregnant before they got married. This matter causes parents feel shameful because it is hard to answer friends' questions what happened with your daughters Also who is the baby's father In contrast this problem cannot happen with sons because they cannot get pregnant. In conclusion it is better idea to have male children in a family rather than having female children. Some parents hope that in some days if their sons have a high social power or status in a society the parents will also become reputable people. Moreover they hope that they will have sons to take care of them when they are getting old. Furthermore male children can succeed the family in the future.
