Gambling And Social Interaction Gambling has been legalized in many states and hasn't legalized in the others. Gambling means that to play at any games of chance for money or other stakes. It is a problem because it exposes risks. Some people gamble as a hobby or business to earn money and they supposed to be experiments or they would lose their money and others gamble as a bet or a hunger of money without even having any skills but exposes risks. Gambling must have been made illegal for several reasons such as it distracts people from their obligations leads to jail and terminates relationships in general. First of all gambling has it is influence on people and distracts them from their obligations. Money sometimes makes people forget about other staff such as education because they think gambling is the easiest way to get rich. For example going to the casino with friends and gambling there make people think about money more than anything else and leads to failure because they bet on their money and whenever they lose which is too late they cannot afford books expenses and all. Losing money in the casino can also terminate people's future. People are kept forgetting that prosperity is the learning and getting the best education not wasting time and money for luck. Secondly gambling might be a significant cause that leads people to jail. It is totally true that there are people need money and go to a casino and bet on the last little amount of money they have hoping that they will win a big amount of money later on when it is too late they lose their money and cannot afford their expenses such as their apartments' rent and that leads to jail. Also some people borrow money from their friends or bank and go gamble. They might win but they might lose too cause it depends on their luck. After losing that money how would they pay back the money to the bank or the person they borrow That might leads to the robbery too. Finally gambling might leads to terminate relationships in general. It destroys connection between people and creates hate and anger it might creates a homicides too. It terminates the relationships between people
