PURCHASING A NEW COMPUTER There are so many kinds of a new computer in the shop and each computer has their own condition and price. But the price isn't always reasonable. Too expensive is not good obviously and too low price is also bad maybe there are some problems with its ability or condition. So if you want to purchase a new computer there are three important process you have to do gathering information before go to the shop considering the brand and calculating the whole price in the shop to make a wise purchase. The first step for wise purchase is gathering some information on the web site or friends who know well about computer before going to the shop. Investigate about some major companies and lowest price of each part. If you know about lowest price even it's hard to find products with that price it helps you to calculate whole price and compare with the shown price. There are many communities deal with computer information on the internet so you can get many information easily. Also you can use someone's recommendation or comments that come from his experience. If you just go to the shop without these preparations maybe you can't do anything for wise product. When you come to the shop consider the brand of a computer and each part when you choose. You can see the list that contains detail information. If you can't see that list or it doesn't contain details ask to the seller about detail especially the brand. The brand name is very important in all parts of a computer because there are so many companies who product computer or each part in the world and many of them don't have a fine service system for customers. Furthermore there is a quite possibility for products from those kinds of companies to have bad quality. So choosing well known brand name will guarantee the ability of the computer and if some problems happen you can receive the after service easily. After checking the brand calculate the whole price and compare it with the shown price. Sum up all lowest price of each part which already you know. Maybe it's not exactly same but if the gap is abnormally large it's better for you to consider another one. In case of finished product the gap is usually large so it's up to you finding proper price as the successful ending of the wise purchase. Because the computer is a expensive product and we usually use this thing for a long time the process for the goal may be complicated. But this process deserves to take hard efforts and even though it takes long time for preparation it will compensate you by providing reasonable quality.
