Today s world population is approximately 7 billion people. Of course this population consists of male and female. Countries on the world have own society and own tradition value. Some societies prefer to have male children rather than female children because they think that male is a symbol of power. History shows us male have always become more significant than female indeed. This condition is common in my country Turkey and Asian countries. As far as I am concerned there are three crucial causes that societies or families prefer to have male children rather than female because of different growing style family support and continuing generation. The following paragraph I would like to talk about different growing style between male children and female children. The first cause that families would prefer to have male than female is different growing style which means parents discriminate male and female as they grow up. For example I have a brother and one sister. As I grew up I had a chance to observe my parents when they were bringing up my brother and sister. My father and mother let my brother come back home until 12. 00 Pm but they never let my sister get back home until 12. 00 Pm although she is older than him. This example is not just for my family this is very common in my country and even in the world. This shows that as female children grow up they are restricted. Actually families do not treat like that way but they have to do in order to protect their female children. Beside this families do not have to control male a lot when they growing up so that families have chance to take care of yourself or their business. Due to these reasons families or societies prefer to have male children than female children. The second cause that families would prefer to have male children than female is support family. In general when male children grow up they help their family especially their father by taking responsibilities. For instance a male child whose father is mechanic can help his father at father s business. Of course female children can do some house work but these works are always ignored by families. Also when male children make money they usually support their families. This reason is very rational for families who prefer have to male children rather than female because when father and mother become retired they don t have to work anymore. As a result of these reasons families or societies prefer having male children than female children. The final cause that families would prefer to have male children than female is to continue generation. According to me this is the most crucial reason families prefer having male children. When a couple have children children s family name always comes from father s family name so that this system keep going generation by generation. This shows that the only way is to continue generation by having male children. In addition to this when a man and a woman get married generally woman is supposed to convert her last name to her husband s last name so that she would not carry her own family name anymore. For these reasons families would prefer to have male children than female children. In conclusion every couple would like to have own child but when we are asked which gender you prefer generally we say male because of different growing style family support and continuing generation especially in my country Turkey and in most Asian countries.
