What is the reason for this preference for boys ANON_NAME_0 In China the peasants have a saying The birth of a boy is welcomed with shouts of joy and firecrackers but when a girl is born the neighbors say nothing. This saying reflects China has strong gender discrimination. I think this preference is a result of deep rooted culture and belies. When my mother was pregnant everyone said that the baby should be a boy. Of course my parents were so happy about it. While my father was waiting outside the surgery room the doctor went outside and said it was a daughter. My father was so upset that he could not speak for more than 3 minutes. But actually he has been treating me like his princess his upset reveals the common preference for boys. I think this preference has lasted for more thousands years. Why this can last for so many years I think there are many reasons boys are much stronger than girls when they are doing farm works boys can take care of they parents when they are old and male are necessary to carry on the family name and take care of the family spirits. In the follow paragraphs I will explain my reasons specifically. First boys are much stronger that girls when doing farm works. In most rural parts of China farmers are still relying on their farm work to support their family. They need more people to do farm work to earn more money. Absolutely boys are much stronger that girls because of physical reasons. So if farmers have sons their sons can help them with farm works and make money while for girls they can only stay at home and do housework. This means farmers should work harder to support their family if they have daughters. So this is one reason for boy preference. Second sons can take care of their parents when they are old. Powerful economic factors also support son preference. Because in most rural parts of China there is no comprehensive social security system to protect people's finical support when they get old. While sons are expected to live with their parents when they get married and give finical support. Girls will leave their family when they get married and can not contribute to the support of her parents constantly. We can see that people rely on their sons when they get old. Considering their own profits when they are old people really want to have s son for their stable life in the future. Third male are necessary to carry on the family name and take care of the family spirits. If they have daughters it means their grandsons will not have the same family name with them. Carrying on family is a crucial goal for a family. According to this old tradition in China boys have the duty to carry on family name while girls can not accomplish this task. Carrying on family name means hope and consistent of a family. In a conclusion because boys are stronger than girls when doing farm work boys can take care of their parents when they are old and boys can carry on family name the preference for boys has lasted for thousands years. We should acknowledge that this preference has triggered many dilemmas to the society in many aspects.
