Bander Last Name Two fifth of the world's population are in China and India big deal. Nigeria which is as size as state of Pennsylvania has the largest population in Africa it doesn't matter. Hardly any population in Siberia which occupies around twelve million kilometers squire Russia's land. However what really matters and concerns is who live there Logically men women and children. But regarding the male and the female preference who would the people prefer and why In some societies India for example prefer male more that female because of their economical and social needs. Un humanly some families would get their infant barried if they knew she is a female. In fact this is beyond the violation of the human's vital right which is the right of the life. Some ignorant communities have irrational justifications in preferring male because of the hard work in the farm or constructions that he could do more stronger than her. Worse than that they limit the female's choices in taking care of the house and babysitting the children with neglecting intentionally all of her rights to study work or express her opinion because she is not qualified or she does not deserve all of the money which she will not be able to pay back. Furthermore rigid cultural aspects which could get worse with the rough and hard lifestyle play a direct role in female discrimination and segregation. Also the female might be treated as a second class citizen. The reason of that is she must be belonged to a man who has a total authority on her life aspects and she should not be educated or allowed to make money without her male relative permission. It can be noticed clearly that those communities have not established a contra lateral confidence between their two parts male and female. Another painful cause of the discriminatory behavior against the female is her emotional feelings and delicate personality. Ignorantly and unmercifully this female's nature is considered as irrational and foolish behavior by some males in poor ignorant and hard life communities. As a result of that her choices will be restricted in baby sitting and home work services. However with warm feelings she is the beloved mother and grandmother the wise community consultant as well as the qualified doctor and nurse. In conclusion the amount of population do not matter rather their life quality and fair equal rights. Being a female must be a proud rather a shame must be a wisdom rather than foolishness and must be a free creative person rather that an illiterate home servant.
