The percentage of women in the worldwide population is higher than the percentage of men. Everyday male babies are born more than female babies. However the statistics indicate that at the adult age the percentage of women increase more than the percentage of men. Historically men have had that go to war to defend their nation and many men die while women stay at home taking care of their children but women have had more disadvantages than men. Many people have considered this feminine gender as weak gender and men for this reason have obtained many positions. However recently women have taken many jobs. One of these underlying reasons is because there are much offer but few men that could occupy these positions. Therefore most of parts of the world many parents prefer to have boys than girls. There are three reasons that can explain this preference of parents such as opportunities of job participation of wars and inheritance of the last names. Men have more opportunities than women and many parents base on this reason to argue their preferences. Probably many parents think that boys have more opportunities than girls because our society sustains ancestral ideas that consist in supporting more men easily than women. For example many employers prefer to work with men than women since many of these works women are not capable of lifting heavy materials and many of these jobs requires physical resistance. Moreover men do not need maternity permission so that this is an advantage for the employers to have male stuff. Historically men have been going to wars and for many families the patriotism is a pride. For instance many American families consider that going to the war would be an honor for them because they have these patriotic feeling. They believe that the military service is an excellent opportunity to be included in the history of their countries and to go to war they could defend the future of their children. Basically the last names of families depend on their inheritance. Most of these countries in the world only boys can keep the last name of their family. The majority of the last names of women are replaced when they get married or when they have children because in many parts of the world the last name of children come from their fathers. Additionally many families consider that is important to preserve the last name since areas such as politic is very important the last name specially if in these family one of these members has been a person very famous in the politic life. In conclusion boys have more advantages than girls in our society in many aspects such as to get more opportunities of job to go to the war and to keep the family last name. Therefore many parents prefer boys than girls even though they know that men take more risks than women when they must participate in wars. Daniel.
