Should governments allow casinos and other gambling companies to operate legally What is luck According to the ANON_URLSITE_luck defines as good fortune advantage or success considered as the result of chance . People always living their life depend on luck for example buying lotto purchasing second handed car auctioning goods on ANON_URLSPAGE_having an examination test without well prepared. Sometimes they receive good luck other times they get bad luck. However even they get bad luck they never stop taking chance of fortune. They just cannot resist the temptation of luck. That is why people love gambling. They just don't believe what will happen if people have no luck. Gambling has been born and lived along with human since human exist and still going on for example horse racing gambling dog racing gambling boxing gambling and casinos. It can be described as kind of drugs. Once you have taste it you cannot resist the temptation of it. Moreover some governments consider gambling as benefits of the country for example bringing more tourists to travel in the city cause the better economics of the city making the city to become popular as an attraction place and etc. However other governments state an antithesis as gambling will create more criminal for instance when gambler does not have adequate money to pay what he or she has lost he or she might rob someone to get their money. It will affect more criminal rate. However I believe the government should let the casino or other type of gambling to be legalized. In this essay I am going to persuade you why the governments should do such as allow people to gamble legally increase country's income and generate more jobs. Every people have lust lust to have a luxurious food lust to own a magnificent car lust to give yourself a big comfortable convenient house. However those lusts cannot come true if you do not have any money or you have a few money that you cannot effort for those things. You might think that gambling will be one of good solutions to gain more and more money. However it appears that there is no any legalized casino so it imposes you to gamble in illegalized casino that you would lose more that you could get. To eliminate these problems Government should allow casino to be legalized and those legalized casino can prevent people from illegal gambling. To support this people have a guarantee when they choose to gamble in legalized casino for example it ensures you that you absolutely get your money if you win any prize you need to pay your money when you lose and if you cannot give that lose money instead of being hunted by criminals you will be hunted by the law. As a result of opening casino both people and country are happy because people earn money and also the government earns compensation. When people have legalized places to gamble most of them choose to play at authorized places. However not only casinos themselves earn money from gambling but also gambling bring more income into treasury of country. Not only people are paid what the price they have won but also the governments are paid too. Because the government should force those casinos company to compensate as taxes so the governments itself have profit to enhance the country. Moreover the government should inspect those casinos to check if they are still regulated by the laws of the country. If they break the law the government should confine them as money until they decide to obey the rules. Consequently Not only the governments receive these benefits people get it too by creating more job. The governments have rights to control the casino company. They can conceive the rules whatever they need to. However those laws must be based on the probability of reality. If casino companies can follow all of these rules the government will give them more chance to establish more franchises of casino. If so casinos can give more job opportunities for people. Because casinos need people to run the game there would not be one or two job opportunities there are going to be many job opportunities for example Texas Hold'em table managers black jack table mangers and even the bartenders. This phenomenon will help people to have job instead of the economic issue. Moreover when people have job they can spend their money and there will be a circulation of money. This incident implicitly helps the developing of the country's economic. Although some governments allow casinos to operate legally other groups of people believe that if the major economic of country mostly rely on the casinos and these casino cannot make enough profit there will be a catastrophic economic problem. However I do not agree with that. Before casinos are permitted to establish the government must issue many restriction to control the quality of casinos for example the casino must have enough investment and can be audited the casino must have credit to pay taxes to government and etc. In order to make casinos to be reliable the government has a task to control it so it will help the economic. Although I do not prefer gambling I feel the governments should pass the issue of gambling to be legalized. They will gain many benefits such as people follow the law more because of no longer illegalized gambling the governments receive more profits and decreasing the unemployment rate. In my opinion I believe that allowing casinos to open lawfully can cause much more profits to country in both directly such as more tourists and indirectly such as more rotation of money. I strongly support this idea. I think it has more profits than devastating. Let us maintain this issue to help our country to be more developing.
