Are We Too Dependent On Computers One day I was talking with my father and we discussed many topics. As known old generation always blames or criticizes the new generation. My father said that nowadays people has become too dependent on computers. The discussion was interesting and to be honest he has some valuable points which should be considered such as young people are over in using the computers and are too dependent on them. After this conversation I tried to search and find more supporting information to this topic which is are we too dependent on computer. Computers have become a part of our everyday life. It is a very useful technology that is making life easier for all of us. The computer has become one of the most important and influential luxuries of this generation. Young people use computers every day for school work and entertainment. For most of their lives they have used computers so it is not surprising that this generation has become highly dependent upon them. In addition frustration usually occurs when one can not access to their computer. In college dorms students get upset when the Internet service is down for even an hour. Occurrences like these show that this generation can be defined as overly computer dependent. Therefore there has been much debate and controversy discussion on are we too dependent on computers. Moreover some people believe that modern technology does a lot of our thinking for us and as a result we are going to lose our ability to think for ourselves. Thus many people wandering if our children are becoming too dependent on computers in the education and in work Nowadays modern technology has totally changed our approach to study. In many countries students no longer have to copy notes by hand from the blackboard. In addition some schools are offering laptops to students in the elementary level to download all the presentations and assignments instead of using note books. Just a decade ago only 25 percent of the licensed preschools had computers Coley Cradler and Engel 1997. . Therefore it is clear that the usage of computers has been rapidly increased in the education sector. For example nowadays you can get an online degree and most universities offer online courses. As a result of this dependency students are depending on their computers to check their spelling and grammar mistakes. In fact some people believe that modern technology does a lot of their thinking and as a result they are going to lose their ability to think. Spelling skills have definitely deteriorated in recent years. Besides many young people use mobile phones to send text messages where speed and shortness are more important than spelling or grammar. Some teachers complain that these students take the same approach toward their assignments. Also typing out assignments in relaying on the spelling and grammar check program has a negative effect on learning. Since the best way to learn is to learn from your mistakes. Besides that the programs which have spell and grammar check are not infallible. They cannot differentiate between homonyms and will often times suggest corrections that are not in fact correct wikibooks spelling and grammar check program disadvantages . Also there are more common and definitely more noticeable errors with these programs. Some of these errors include spelling capitalization punctuation grammar subject verb agreement and word usage. Furthermore information is often more easily and accurately remembered when children have to spend a little time writing it out by hand rather than a few quick minutes typing away at a keyboard. Because of these factors computers in school should be reserved for older students longer assignments or classes which specifically teach how to use a computer. Another issue with computer reliance is using e mail to contact your professors. E mail is an artificial substitute for student teacher contact. E mail seems to defeat the purpose of the idea to discuss and get the benefit from your professor's experience because anyone can e mail but not everybody can go to the professor's office and have valuable comments about the material being discussed in class. Sometimes entire classes are on a web page. Students need not even go to class because they know the lecture notes will be on the class web page along with the practice midterms and finals. The fact that computers make these things easier reinforces computer dependency. Another important aspect is using the computer in work. It is impossible to work with a company where they do not have an information technology department IT . Also most firms use a system which operates the company in an efficient way and with saving and cost time. According to Prof. David Basin we have a high dependency due to the fact that computers control so much of our modern infrastructures e. G. Communication transportation and energy distribution and of course IT is at the center of many industries e. G. Financial services . On the other hand the question which has raised to my mind is what would happen if the firm's system suddenly crashed . There will be enormous negative consequences due to the dependency of the technology and the survival company will be the company which has a little dependency on computers. Since many companies are using full automated machines and systems which do most of the jobs instead of human. This might save money for the company for which they are seeking but it has a vast influence on manpower and employment. Therefore recently the unemployment rate has increased in many countries especially for the low level educated people. Also this will have an influence on the community and the overall economy. Therefore the high level reliance on technology will have negative consequences in the future. Despite the many benefits of computers and as many people think that computers have made people capable of doing everything in a more speedy and effective way than before. There are also a number of arguments against these thoughts which are at the end computer cannot think as human brain. Furthermore there are proved evidence in which verify that the human brain is much well built than the computer memory. For example Accurate biological models of the brain would have to include some 225 million billion interactions between cell types. This is the reason why the brain is so much larger than all current computers. Therefore the human brain ability can be increased and developed with practicing and thinking not by relay on the computers. Thus it is important to balance between the two and not going to the extreme of depending on the computer In conclusion after proving all points that prove we are too dependent on the computer it is better to know some of the health effects of this behavior. If we assumed that a person who work eight hours a day uses his computer on average 6 hours per day on his job and 4 hours in his home which means about 10 hour per day facing the computer screen. As a result of this main health problems related with computer use are expected such as discomfort muscular strain stress and visual problems. Therefore we have to be careful not to be addicted to the computers. References 1. Smith MJ Cohen BCF Stammerjohn LW. An investigation of health complaints and job stress in video display operations. Human Factors 23 387 400 1981. 2. National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. Potential health hazards of video display terminals. DHHS NIOSH publication No. 81 129. Cincinnati National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health 1981. 3. Coley Richard J. John Cradler and Penelope K. Engel. Computers and Classrooms This Stratus of Technology in U. S. Schools. Princeton N. J. Educational Testing Service 1997. 4. ANON_URLSPAGE_5. ANON URLPAGE
