ANON_NAME_0 Last Name Government should allow casinos and other gambling company to operate legally. My encounter to gambling gaming was last year when I first came to Las Vegas. I had imagined that walking Las Vegas would be very dangerous because I heard that there were many casinos and drunken customers who played gambling all days and nights. However I was very surprised when I arrived there. The city was clean and peace and I never saw crime there. There were many gorgeous hotels and it was really joyful to see people who were exciting to gamble safely. I felt secured because there were many guardsmen there. When I came back to Pittsburgh I knew that gambling was operated legally in the United States. I understood the reasons why customers could enjoy gaming safely. It is because there are many laws in the United States and the laws restrict the behaviors of casinos very strictly. From these my experiences I think government should allow casinos and other gambling company to operate legally. I would like to explain the reasons in following paragraphs. First casinos become limited if they are operated legally. I think children and teens should be prohibited to enter there because they are not mature to be responsible for their behaviors. In my opinion children should not be exposed gambling because they still can't control themselves. They even can't be patient when they need some inexpensive toy. In addition to this people should be limited to have weapons guns and drugs there. It is because it is essential to keep there safely. I understand people enjoy gaming however I think the gaming should not be connected with any crime. Secondly casinos come into being open to public if they are performed legally. For example casinos have to pay the tax to the community. When casinos raise money the community also can gain money. Moreover it is also beneficial for employees because they can gain at least minimum salary by law. Nobody wants to work illegally. Furthermore it is also advantageous for casinos because they can protect themselves from linking with any illegal crime group. Thirdly casinos become stable if they are functioned legally. Customers are happier because they can enjoy gaming more safely. Moreover more people want to work there because they can feel more secured. Consequently it is really more beneficial for casinos themselves because they can raise more money. Finally that is totally fine for the whole community. The government should allow the casinos and other gambling to operate legally. Of course some people think that government should not allow casinos and other gambling company to operate regally. They believe that if the government prohibits them to operate gambling can disappear from the world. However I don't agree with that idea. Gambling has a long history. For example in German casinos have been existed from 13th century. If casinos are prohibited casinos become operated illegally because many people still want to play there. There is no way to control them if they are performed illegally. I think Government should allow them to operate legally and control them by law. For these reasons I think the government should allow casinos and other gambling company to operate legally. That means controlling casinos by the law making casinos open to public and maintaining casinos stable to grow up as industries.
