Male is the best choice for parents! Obviously parents have the decision about what they want to have either male children or female children in today's society since the last generation was different from now. The last generation was divers. Some people in our country which is Saudi Arabia think that male is a great choice for parents and they have some justifications or rational reason about preferring male to female. There are many causes that why people choose male rather than woman. To illustrate that Man is capable to work hard have a good advantage of jobs finally Cost of living of them. Further information will be provided below. In my country people consider male as inherent part of the family because of the strong responsibility that male does. They say the man will be a responsible person upon his family when parents get old. Crucial cause is that male can tolerate a lot of hard work. On the other hand Woman is not able to do as much as male does. Many of woman who are more liberal claim that woman has the same ability as man. And god gives them the same percentage of power. Honestly people know the woman is made by Man's rip. So it obvious that man is stronger than woman. Unfortunately an opportunity of getting a job for man is much more easier than woman. Consequently woman cannot get a job in most of jobs aspects. They can get a job but they are restricted by the diversity of the jobs For example they have chance to have a job in teaching and that does not earn a lot of money. On the other hand Man can work everywhere he wants. And also for argues work like Engineer that require many of work and earns money. It is clearly seen that Male does not cost much more than woman. People are acknowledged that woman requires a lot of money because woman should buy very nice clothes and some materials for herself. Apparently woman is very conservative person about the new stuff but man is does not care at all. Likewise man in people's opinion does not cost much All they need are simple stuff To sum up Woman is not preferred in this generation because of the reasons that I mention such as capability of working very hard opportunity of jobs and cost of living in their society. After analyzing I assume that woman could have the same ability in the future of having a job and some potential advantages. Will that be true
