Girls might costs much more Why do parents prefer boys instead of girls I was surprised with the fact that my best friend who is a prestigious neuroscience researcher in U. S said me that he was hoping that his first child was a boy. I was shocked having heard that affirmation since my friend is a quite liberated man who is living within the XXI century's standpoint. For he who is a knower of American culture it is easier to deal with the upbringing process of a boy instead of a girl. It is unbelievable how the fact that boys are preferred over girls is still conceived. It is said that women have gained access to many standards in our society and this fact is easily verifiable with current statistics. Nevertheless many future parents would prefer to have a male child arguing that a boy requires less educational effort less problems in the adolescence years and more access to job opportunities. In the next paragraphs I will disclose why many parents justify each one of these arguments and I will show how these appreciations could have a profound impact in the demographic characteristics of our society. First that all it is appropriate to establish that the desire of many parents of having a boy is just a vague desire. It is essentially impossible to choose the sex of a child. The act of conception is a process that according to scientific knowledge is due to chance. Thus having established this issue we could just speculate about the results in the case that parents were able to decide the genre of their next generation. However the perception that boys implies a better option compared with girls deserves a wide discussion. In general boys are considered less expensive than girls in terms of material needs. Early in the upbringing process girls are always demanding expensive gifts. Expensive presents which are desired for young girls are more complex that boy's toys which are mostly cars and superheroes. In the same way in the teenage years girls insist in expensive gifts such as cosmetic items and social compromises such as parties trips cruises. Most of these compromises are driven by social pressures. On contrast males are by far less demanding. A soccer ball a baseball bat or a collection of cars is enough to get entertained and distracted as a young kid. In the teen years boys acquire less social compromises and demand less care in terms of sexuality and behavior. The preference for males instead of girls for many parents also is based upon facilities in the educational process. For some parents the upbringing process in girls could be challenging. Overall girls assume a demarked role inside society. Although recently more and more young women are reaching the job market family values and maternity are still desirable end points for each woman. However many young women can find hard to engage with these classical values because they do consider them as inherent features of paternalist models. Furthermore some parents consider that there is more pressure at the time of discussing sexual concerns with girls than with males. It is socially accepted nowadays the fact that women are in free to decide sexual preference and birth control methods. Having this fact in mind many parents are afraid of this imminent discussion. Finally despite of big efforts on improving jobs opportunities for women there are still some limitations in job access to woman even professional ones. This phenomenon is more remarkable in developing countries where feministic manifestations are more subtle. Thus boys would have fewer problems when they face the challenging of accessing job markets. Surely there are more reasons to support why some parents prefer boys instead girls. In some cultures like oriental ones it is believed that boys are more able to support their parents when they get old. On the contrary generally girls get married and they usually leave the familiar core. So girls are less able to support parents when they get elderly. At the end all the reasons to support boys instead of girls converge in social or cultural fields. This fact might insinuate that most of these reasons are based mainly upon stereotypes instead of natural advantages. Demographically the fact that more boys could surpass the number of girls is worrying. It might threaten the genetic diversity and increase the number of endogamous marriage. At least that explicit abortive maneuvers be taken against pregnant women carrying up a female fetus it hardly would be real. Fortunately nature is wise and knows why things happen.
