The Effects on People Preferring to Have Male Children Rather Than Female Children Recent years there is a phenomenon that people prefer to have male children rather than have female children. It seems like a trend towards in many cultures especially in Asia. Because the cost of having children at this generation is getting more and heavier than it in many decades ago many families just only want to have one child. When the parents can choose their child's gender by the advancing technique they usually prefer to have a male child because males are considered to have quality to inherit the prosperity from the parents. However this situation causes the unbalance in gender of the population and also triggers several consequences such as the higher male competition the lack of the normal social contact opportunities and marriage issue. First of all the higher competition will be a crucial influence during the growth of the males. Whatever in schools or in working places males suffer much more pressure with other the same gender people than it in the past. Moreover usually the increasing amounts of men are asked to have higher standard in their study and work from their parents. Therefore the higher competition will be a serious torment of males. Second the lack of the normal social contact opportunities for men is another problem. Many educational theories have been proven that children studying in a diverse environment can improve their learning and creativity. If the population of the men is much more than women it will be a pity that male children loose many chances to practice using their communicative skills with female in a normal educational environment and it might also affect men to have problems about getting along with females in the future. Finally the marriage issue is the most important and realistic problem for the male children when they become adults. Due to the overload of the male population many men hardly look for a girl friend even their marriage. It is thought that men have less choice when they look for a spouse because the population of men is more than the women. Especially for the men who have low education under the higher competition with other brilliant men they have been urged to marry the foreign women who are from poor economic countries. In conclusion preferring to have male children rather than female children has become a general phenomenon that effects males will have higher competition with the same gender fewer experiences for social contact with females and marriage crisis. In order to solve this problem the government which has this problem has to revise the social policy and publicize an idea that female children are as important as male children.
