Preference on boys and its dangerous effects My uncles used to make jokes about my father because he only had daughters. Even that my father's brothers are professional and like to say that they are open mind they teased him every time they could. I perfectly remember one time I was 8 years old and my uncle said that children with a hole referring to the vagina usually give a lot of problems to their parents. I was not conscious about concepts as discrimination inequity or unfairness but I was so mad about the comment. The only answer that came to my mind was It's better a hole than a stick . Everybody blushed. Ironically they blushed because I was saying those things and not because my uncle's words. Some cultures are more honest in their preference for boys some others on the contrary have the same predilection but they try to hide it. All this inclinations are based on stereotypes that cultures have built through the years sometimes centuries and remain valid because they are transmitted through generations. This preference generates three main effects diminish women self steem overestimate men role and could unbalance the population male female in a country. In this essay I aim to describe this consequences. The first consequence of this preference is that diminish women self steem. Knowing that your father was excepting a boy instead of you that a lot of blue clothes were wasted for your fault and that your grandmother looks very sad at your newborn picture can give you a lot of erroneous feeling but it never will brings you confidence. The discovering of this preference since she is a kid makes a woman believes that she is emotional and physically weaker than a man that she because her gender is difficult to raise that she can be the shame of the family if is pregnant before marriage and that she can't carry on the family in case is needed. This no only affects the adulthood of many women but the development of societies too. Furthermore many times is expected that girls play the role of the boy that never born and this ends in frustration and pain. The second consequence of this preference is that it overestimate the role of men and put on them a lot of pressure. A boy listen his parents conversations and see himself as a blessing in his family with an particular mission in life. On one hand this preference makes men believe that they are better than woman. On the other hand put a lot of pressure on them reinforcing the idea that they only can play certain roles in societies. The gender role creates stereotypes as a man must provide the basic needs of a family and a man can not do certain things as take care of children or cook . My nephew for example asked a kitchen set to Santa Claus and the machista Santa Claus brought him a robots set. That was just a game but illustrates the frustration that a preconception of a gender role can bring. Furthermore this example illustrates that men's abilities and interest can be killed since they know that their parents preferred them to accomplish specific goals. . The third consequence of the preference on boys is that can unbalance the population of woman and man in countries where a real selection is done. In China for example many women abort their girl babies because they are expecting to have a boy. My friend ANON_NAME_0 ANON_NAME_0 from China was telling me that because of this China has more men than women and for some men is difficult to find a wife. This can affect reproduction and furthermore a society development. In conclusion the preference on boys can bring intangible consequences and tangible ones as the case of China . Diminish women self steem and overestimate men role can affect social economical and political spheres. To selection the gender of a baby trough abortion can unbalance countries and affects its develo
