Las Vegas is a famous spot in the world because the place has diverse casinos and a lot of relaxing place to have fun with. Every year millions of tourists go to this hot desert to give themselves a chance to win property with their fortune and those tourists also bring tons of money to this city for foods or entertainment. Legalizing gambling is a crucial and controversial issue in many counties. On one hand people believe that will trigger a lot of criminal problem on the other hand people also consider that might help for the economy. It is obvious that deciding to legalize gambling is not a arbitrary policy because that can help government to decrease the crime rate let people have a place to release their pressures and help countries' economy. First of all legalizing gambling can let government coordinate and control crime rate more efficient. If gambling is illegal in one country the citizen might gamble in some secret places and that might cause a lot of crime and it also not easy for police to watch out the city's security. After the government arranges those casinos in a specific area it is easy for them to manipulate those casinos follow the law and then government can reinforce their security ability and that can make the possible crime under control. Second people always need a place to release their pressures. If the government provide a place for people who are interested in gamble that could help people to settle down themselves and have a good time in casinos. Furthermore the special gambling areas could also offer entertainment shopping malls or performances for tourists or citizens. Finally legalizing gambling can enhance a country's financial ability. For example after set up a gambling area that will attract many tourists to travel in you country and that will decrease the unemployment and the tourists will bring their money and spend it in your country. In addition the tourists also have to eat or shop in the nearby area. How the tourists spend their time and money will generate cash flow and make folks in your country be more rich. Even though legalizing gambling might help for government it still has some problems. For example people who lose money might get angry and violate the laws and that might cause some argument and make the city's security unstable. The tourists in casinos might also trigger some dispute and make some crime and that is what the polices must care about. In conclusion it states implicitly that legalizing gambling will help a country's government to control the crimes rate let people release their pressures and underlie a country's finance. If the government can control this special gamble both tourists and citizens will be winners.
