Gambling And Social Interaction Gambling has been legalized in many states and has not yet been legalized in the others. Gambling is defined by attempting to win many different games by chance in rewards for money or other valuable profits. It is a problem due to the great risk it entails. Some people gamble as a hobby or for business to earn money and they need to be experts or would consequentially lose their money. Others gamble as a bet or a hunger of money without even having any skills but this exposes the risks. Gambling should be illegal for several reasons such because it distracts people from their obligations leads to jail time if debt is accumulated and terminates relationships in general. First of all gambling has a great influence on people and distracts them from their obligations. Sometimes addiction to money causes people forget about other important responsibilities such as education because they think gambling is the easiest way to get rich. For example if someone had gone to a casino and lost a decent amount of money and continuously played to try to win back the loss chances are that even more money will be lost. This is due to a hunger for money which leads to failure because they bet on their money and whenever they lose which is too late they cannot afford books and other expenses such as rent or car payments. Losing money in the casino can also terminate peoples' future. People keep forgetting that prosperity derives from learning and striving for the best education not wasting time and money for luck or chance. Secondly gambling can cause people to end up in jail. It is totally true that there are people that need money and go to a casino to bet on the last little amount of money they have hoping that they will win a big amount of money later on when it is too late they lose their money and cannot afford their expenses such as their apartments and rent which can lead to jail. Also some people borrow money from their friends or a bank and go gamble. They might win but they might lose too depending on their luck. After losing that money how would they pay back the money to the bank or the person they borrowed from This might result in robbery too. Finally gambling might lead to terminated relationships in general. It destroys connections between people and creates hatred and anger it might create homicides too. The odds in roulette for a straight up are 37 1. The odds of flopping while trying to establish a flush with two suited cards is 0. 84 . These statistics obviously reveal how difficult it is to win money based on luck. Losing money gambling impulsively is a common disorder that disrupts the gambler's life as well as the lives of the family and friends. Additionally it disrupts relationships between couples family members and friends. Abusing gambling does not only disrupt some individuals' lives but also interferes with the lives and feelings of the loved ones around. Briefly gambling is such a horrible idea people think about. People should stop gambling for several certain reasons for instance it steers people away from their paths and distracts their thoughts in many certain required ways such as getting the education and family obligations. It also sometimes leads to the jail through the consequences in loss of the money that they gambled with. Furthermore it destroys relationships between couples friends and family.
