Causes of Boys Preference Recently it has noticed that some parents change their preference of having boys or girls children. Many cultures are different than others people usually like to have male children rather than female children. However it is obvious that in a culture similar to my culture that parent prefer to have boys rather than girls. Actually it depends on the culture its self the underlying reasons behind this preference are religion responsibility and tradition. The first reason of why people like better to have male children rather than female children is religion. This means that in the holy book of Islam God recommend to have boys more than girls. Furthermore God does not say do not have girls but he is telling people to have more boys. As people believe in their religion they should follow what they been instructed. On the other hand there is no plenty on having female more than male children. Furthermore God says that men are capable to tolerate troubles and sweat more than the women and this is naturally based on their body design. The second reason of why people prefer to have male children rather than female children is responsibility. This means that usually in the future the male who is taking the responsibility. Thus the male should work look for a woman to get married and be able to face all the struggles in life. For example this type of culture the job of the women is to take care of kids and concentrate on her study if she wants. Based on my personal experience I am the one who should study hard to get good job and save money to help the family to live better life while my wife is only taking care of my children and I. The ability of the men to stand all these struggles is the reason for being preferred. The third reason of why people prefer to have male children rather than female children is tradition. This means that each country has their own unique traditions which are sometimes different than each other. Furthermore the male children eventually will keep the family name. This means in Arabic culture if the husband got boy or girl they will be named under the father name even if they got married they will still have the father name not the wife name. Also the wife name does not belong the husband name like other traditions. In conclusion it is obvious that there are differences between cultures to culture or between religions to another or even between countries to another that parents prefer male children rather than female children. The reasons of these preferences are faith accountability and custom.
