With the development of technologies communications science and so on around the world numerous changes have occurred. Even we can see the changes of people' thoughts the preference for boys. Nowadays many parents prefer to have male children. If we simply think about this this situation can be considered just a happening. However if we investigate this seriously we can know that there are several reasons that parents want to have male children rather than female children. To prevent inequality of the sex resulting from this problem the government should be struggle for reducing the crimes of the kidnap of female children and eliminating discrimination against women. First of all the crimes related to the kidnap of female children can be mentioned. While the world was changed quickly some people could not afford to follow these changes. These people decided to commit crimes almost giving up their lives. For instance one month ago a crime occurred in South Korea. A man kidnapped a female child and killed her. This crime made most parents in South Korea scared. In most kidnaps crimers target young and female children so that parents prefer to have male children and even more they don't want to have any children. Second The discrimination against women still exists in workplace. Even though many women work outside most high classes are occupied by men. That is women are limited in the class of the workplace. We can see this situation around South Korea. Although female students get a better grade in tests and experience much more than male students it is harder for them to get a better job because most companies prefer male workers. Therefore the parents who want their children to get a better job prefer to have male children. Finally Unlike the U. S. South Korea has the culture that the oldest son will live with parents when they are not enough to live by themselves. In conclusion the government should treat with this problem seriously by introducing the policies which prohibit the discrimination against women in workplace and by making people feel comfortable to have female children.
