4 8 ANON_NAME_0 Causes of Prefer to Have Boys In the world there are numerous countries which have various culture and custom. Today in some countries including the most oriental countries many parents prefer to have male children rather than female children. In case of Korea most parents would like to have male children rather than female children until a few years ago. Even if the number of parents who want to have male children decrease the tendency has remained until now because the tendency came from the traditional culture and custom of Korea. First long time ago a form of family was an extended family in Korea unlike a nuclear family that Americans have been. The reason that the form of family had to be the extended family is a form of society was agricultural society. In order to do farming fluently people needed much more numbers of families who have a good strength because they cultivated by themselves not by machines. Thus parents of Korea in the old days preferred to have male children who have stronger that female children. The tendency of old days is descended to now days there are parents who would like to have male children rather than female children. Second nowadays considerable women have their job not just house keeper in the world. However long times ago in Korea Shin Saimdang the ideal women of Korea historically was just good wife and wise mother. Therefore women in Korea couldn't help thinking that their work is only helping our children and husband from behind. The woman working in a workplace had been accepted abnormally until 1970s even though there are most women have their job now. As the result people thought a statue of male working in a workplace is upper than female working in just a house. The thought generated discrimination and a male chauvinist. Furthermore the thought have caused that many parents prefer to have male children rather than female children. Finally children usually receive father's last name in most countries. In Korea there are genealogies. Genealogies have been most important thing to assess qualification of person's family. The custom considering genealogies made family line important too. Thus people have avoided having daughter in order to sustain their family line. Most people have born many daughters for having a son if the people didn't have the son at first time. The custom caused that the number of female in the country increased and male is more precious. Finally the custom made parents pursue to have male children rather than female children. In conclusion nowadays the excessive discrimination between female and male children decreases. However the culture and custom which made parents prefer to have male children are not eliminated because people who lived in the generation of preferring male children extremely have lived until now. Even if they die the concept which they have had could be continued their children. Therefore the tendency that parents prefer to have male children would exist till long times after.
