ANON_NAME_0 Last Name 5 writing The effects on parents preferring to have male children For most couples they would like to have children for most parents they are child centered and love their children more than themselves life. Now in the world most people think that to bias against female children is unreasonable and old world. However the antithesis is that in some part of the world many parents prefer to have male children rather than female children. This is an unjustified thought that has being existed for centuries. The causes of generating the unfair thought are diverse. Some parents believe that just son can be the offspring of a family to continue the family tree. Some parents have a mistaken belief that the male child will be a support for parents in the old age. Moreover in some place a bride will bring a large dowry to her groom's family and the bride's family will lose property by their daughters in marriage. What effects do it have on society It's considered that there are several negative effects such as adverse condition of growing up breaching the balance of a proportion between male and female. First parents who prefer to have male children may discriminate against the female children they have had. Because the female children aren't the preference of their parents they may be neglected and lack the parental cares from their family. They might be looked like a child labor caring their younger brothers or affording housework. They cannot receive the same good education as their brothers. The female children will be in an adverse condition of growing up. Second parents who prefer to have male children may negate all chances that might have a female baby. As we know modern medical technologies are very advanced. There are many approaches that can be employed to stop have a female baby. For example ultrasound can be used to detect whether a fetus is a male or a female. The pregnant women who are son preference will choose an abortion when they know the fetus is a female. Though the feticide is an inhumane action and a crime it's really has happened in some places. The effect on society is to breach the balance of the proportion of males to females. Consequently in those places the males might compete for a female as a wife. From past to present female as a daughter a wife or a mother plays a crucial role that a male cannot replace in a family females also as a teacher an engineer a social worker and a scientist etc. Are active in varied fields. Females as a member of societies their positions and functions are irreplaceable. The equalities between men and women should be more widely promoted via the education the news media to change the stereotype of son preference. Society community and school should persistently protect the basic right of women and children especially female children. Government lawmakers and policymakers should make law and policies to strictly prohibit any violence committed such as infanticide sex selected abortion etc. It is possible to eliminate the stereotype of son preference if governments societies schools etc. Are proactive to combat it.
