My father's generation in KOREA usually was a big family that consists of sisters and brothers more than 6 members. Surprisingly the member of my father's brothers and sisters is 11. Moreover surprising me is that my father was the 6th of the family member and he was the first son after my grandfather had 5 daughters. Even though there is an implicit and underlying reason when I was kid I didn't notice why my father has many brothers and sisters. I was just happy about the fact that I had many relatives who love me. Come to think of it now the crucial reason why father had a big family is the preference for the male children. Although people's thinking about the preference for boys has been changed still many people sustain his mind to have a boy. So I think that this misleading thought has several negative effects imbalance sex ratio selective abortion discrimination against female and crimes related to preference for boys. First of all this dangerous and exorbitant thinking is normally based on our traditional idea that only males have enough ability that might support and bring on their family's prosperity. This traditional and fixed idea has maintained for many generations. So I think that the preference for the boy causes an inevitable result that is imbalance sex ratio between female and male. For example I read one article related to this. This article was reporting that within several years male would outnumber female and then male would have a big problem that couldn't find proper their fianc ical techniques that we have as an example. One of the representative medical devices is the ultrasound. This medical device is used not only to check the prenatal diagnosis but also to distinguish between male and female. This earlier differentiation of gender leads to an unexpected side effect such as selective abortion. Although the selective abortion is legal in some countries the most important thing that they overlook is the negligence for life. I think that we don't have right to deprive babies of their lives. In addition the stronger the preference for boys is the bigger the selective abortion will become. Thirdly what I conceive is the discrimination against women in their society. As an example according to UNICEF up to 50 million girls are missing from India's population due to the country's gender discrimination. As another example Korean fixed ideas about women in the past exclude their social activities and put their duties on housekeeping such as house cleaning cooking and taking care of their children. These outdated conceptions are based on the preference for boys who support parents and carry on a family line. Even though the role of women in diverse and various fields has been growing our society still retains many problems for women not to play a key role beyond a shadow of doubt. First of all before their birth the fact that female babies are not welcomed must be an implicit evidence of discrimination against women. Finally it might have a high incidence of crimes related to the gender discrimination. These crimes include an illegal surrogate mother kidnapping of boys and deliberate murder or abandonment of a young girl or infant. Of course these ideas might be very extreme but eventually these crimes occur around us. Especially these crimes are very severe and prevalent in the poor countries and totally think little of respecting the life and human right. One of the most famous directors in Korea made a movie about a surrogate mother. This sad movie totally and perfectly dealt with the preference for boys and the miserable life of a woman who lived in the Dynasty ANON_NAME_0. Also it is telling to us about the tragedy resulted from this preference. In conclusion the preference of boys causes several negative effects including imbalance of sex ratio selective abortion gender discrimination and a high incidence of crimes related to the preference for boys. This wrong conception triggers a series of events like chemical chain reaction and the negative results are closely related to each other. So to prevent crimes protect the preference for boys and respect the women' right first and foremost the reform of our consciousness must be required and must be carried out. It can be done by the enlightenment of people and some useful programs that are leaded by government and professional groups. As a matter of fact it is so surprising that this outmoded idea still exists in our 21st century and trigger several negative effects.
