These days a lot of women occupy high position jobs and professional careers such as professor researcher and even heavy equipment operators. It seems that there is not any difference between men and women in many societies. However some pars of the world many parents still prefer to have male children rather than female children. They even abort when they knew that the baby in their womb is female. Consequently the proportion of men is higher than that of women in those societies. Parents in some part of the world prefer boys because of carrying on a family line physical reason and biased social recognition of men. First of all the fact that boys carry on a family line when they grow up makes parents prefer boys. One of the basic desires of humans is keeping their family by producing offspring. In many countries women follow their husband's last name when they get married. Also married women are considered a member of their husband's family. Therefore parents want to have a son who will continue their family. The second reason is that men are physically stronger than women. Traditionally men have worked for his family such as hunting planting whereas women tended to stay at home and take care of their children. It can be attributed to the fact that men are more efficient to work because of their physical strength. Especially tendency of preference of boy is strong in agricultural societies because physical strength is directly connected to productivity. Finally parents prefer boys because of the biased social recognition of men. The traditional belief about that men are physically strong and they are more efficient has prevailed a lot of societies. For example men usually became a king president and politicians rather than women who even were not allowed to take a vote. In the matter of fact women started to participate in work recently in history and some parents didn't change their belief. Also in some countries men can get a job easily get paid higher and be promoted faster than women because people in those countries think men should take an advanced position more than women. In this sense parents in some parts of the world still prefer to have boys. In conclusion these days many women contribute to the society by having a career and their profession and many people believe there is no crucial difference between men and women. However in some parts of the world parents still prefer to have a son than a girl because of carrying on a family line physical reason and biased social recognition of men.
