Even though we are in the globalization world there still has discrimination against women. Some people think that female do not have an ability and power as men do. As we can see nowadays for the important persons of the world such as presidents and leaders of political parties many of them are men. As a result some parents have a strong believe that having male children is better than having female children because of the following reasons male can be a good leader and have famous social status rather than women do male can take a good care of a family better than women do and men can gain and succeed reputation of a family. First male can be a powerful leader and have famous social status rather than women. As we can see in the current society that the most important person of countries are male. China for example from the previous to the present there is no record about China leaders is female. Furthermore Chinese do not give an important to female. For example in the past women did not have chance to work out. They could take care of their babies or do some housework. Moreover Chinese people have a very strong belief that it is bad luck for the family to have a daughter because female children cannot have a prominent social status in a society. Second most families believe that sons can take a good care of family rather daughters do. They think that daughters have to take care of other families in the future after they got married. In contrast men can stay in the same house with parents and take care of family. Thai culture for example women have to move into men's houses after they got married. Moreover it is inappropriate for men to move into wife's houses. For this reason parents think that they will be ignored in case their daughters got married because their daughters have to start new lives and take a good care of their new families. Third men can gain and succeed reputation of a family. Most parents believe that female children have a high opportunity to cause notorious. For example in Thailand many teenager girls get pregnant before they got married. This matter causes parents feel shameful because it is hard to answer friends' questions their unmarried pregnant daughters. Furthermore in case one family has a very high social status they will lose they family reputation. In contrast this problem cannot happen with sons because they cannot get pregnant or if they cause some girls get pregnant they will not get a bad effect like girls do. In addition male children don not have to change their last names after getting married. In conclusion it is better idea to have male children in a family rather than having female children. Some parents hope that in some days if their sons who have a high power or social status the parents will also become famous people. Moreover they hope that they will have male children to take care of them when they are getting old. Furthermore male children can succeed the family in the future.
