Preferring male Children Children are the valuable gift on our life most parents are dreaming to have a children and a good family. Also when a woman becomes pregnant and then you ask her if she wants her children to be a male or female immediately her response will be it doesn't matter or both are fine and the same for her wife. However if this question were asked after Children birth the answer would be different for some parents. They would say it is better if we had a boy not a girl. Therefore there are differences in preferences especially in this regard and each side has their own reasons. Thus Children gender preference is considered as a controversial topic and hot debates between parents. Also Parents are not the same on their preferences. For example some of them would prefer male children other won't care and there are some who prefer female. However it could be said that the majority of the people prefer male children for a number of reasons such as carry on the family name and having man if the father is out or not in home. Due to the culture diversity reasons may be different however there are some common factors in which most folks are sharing in preferring a male child. Because of the girls children are not holding her family name which is mean that if a person had only girls his grand children would have held his name. On the other hand this is not applied for the male child. For instance if a man got married his children will hold his family name which is mean that the family name won't be ended or die out. Therefore the most important reason people believe on it is that having a male child will hold the family name. Another reason that parents would consider in preferring male children is having a man in the family who can take the father roles in case if the father is not present. Also a boy would be considered as a companion for the father. This reason may differ based on the background culture and the family wealth. For example in some cultures people believe that there are some roles or tasks women cannot do it as proficient as men such as if the family having a farm or a business. That because the girl at the end she will marry a man and she might be busy with her raising her children which is the holiest job for women. Furthermore boys can be closer than girls to the father which are natural phenomena. Girls usually help their mother in housework and the boys are helping their father in his work. In conclusion childrens preferences are not fixed to all people however the majority would prefer to have male rather than female. The above reasons are the most common reasons where pedants stand for in justifying their opinion. Moreover this opinion may be changed because there is many believe and thoughts have been changed nowadays. For example girls are having the same opportunity that men have in work. Furthermore there is no job where girls cannot work or do it in proficient way and there are many examples of this such as Gandhi and Charter.
