Gambling is always a charged issue especially in countries where the regulations about it are not clarified yet. In Brazil the theme is always controversial and evokes strong opinions about it. In the 1930s and 1940s gambling were allowed in Brazil. However arguing that gambling's is harmful to moral and decent behavior the president of Brazil in1946 Marshal Eurico gaspar Dutra prohibited all the activities involving gamble. Nevertheless nowadays it is clear that this is not an expressive excuse to prohibit gambling. The benefits to allow this kind of activities are real and important. Some benefits of the legalization are new jobs opportunities new resources of tax revenues and most important to avoid money laundering offence activities which is related to illegal activities despite the fact that gambling is not allowed by government. Furthermore people in favor of the legalizations argue that in the past gamble activities generate jobs which is very important to a country in development like Brazil. They say that just five countries situated in America Continent doesn't allow gamble and this position does not bring improvement to tourism and economy. In addition allowing gambling activities should bring more resources of tax to the governments and states. The government will have more economic resources to apply in education health systems and most important retirement systems which is in strong necessities to economic resources. Most importantly the legalization will intimidate money laundering activities related to illegal gambles which exist in Brazil. The illegal gambles permit that criminals use them as a way to legalized money obtained from illegal activities such as traffic of drugs. Another important fact is that the main problem in Brazil related to gambling activities is not resumed in prohibition or legalization. Instead one of the most important reasons which generate debates and dilemmas are how government should apply laws about gambling. Should the government operate the casinos or other places with gambling activities How the government will do the control of the activities These questions are still waiting for answers. In essence decisions made in the past should be revised and analyzed bring the fact that everything is changing nowadays. It is clear that the legalization of gambling activities can generate jobs opportunities tax revenues which can reinforce countries economically. In addition there are countries which could be an example of how the legalization can work and what can be avoided. Above all the government should not leave this important decision in a limb waiting for a decision which should be make as soon as possible.
