Reasons of the Preference for Boys In the past most families in Chinese preferred to have a boy rather than a girl. Although it is a trend in the world that having a boy or a girl are the same some parents still have this thought especially in Taiwan. There are some crucial reasons that cause this situation in Taiwan. First of all sons share the same last name of their fathers. In order to continue a family some people like to have a male child rather than a female one. When a woman gets married she should change her last name. In Chinese culture this means that she would become one part of her husband family not her original family anymore. Moreover her son's name should go after his father. Without a son one family's last name may disappear. Secondly in the past most people in the countryside needed to cultivate crops. Besides most farmers were very poor in the past. In order to maximize the workforce in the farms most farmers wanted to have male children instead of female ones. Normally men are physically stronger than women so men can do more laborious work. Therefore compared to sons some traditional families in the countryside thought that daughters are useless. Even some parents would prefer to give their daughter to other families rather than raise her. Moreover because the social welfare was not perfect in the past a son would take care of his parents when they got older. Thirdly the hereditary monarchy in the past also affects this situation. Under a hereditary monarchy all the monarchs come from the same family and the crown is passed down from one member to another member of the family. When a king died the crown was usually passed to his oldest son. In China although a king had several wives the oldest son's mother would be the queen. After several centuries this thought still exists in some families in Taiwan. For example there are some entrepreneurs hope to have a son instead of a daughter because they want their sons to continue their family businesses. In conclusion the same last name the traditional thoughts in the countryside and the hereditary monarchy have influenced the preference for boys in some families in Taiwan. People need to eliminate this concept that sons are much better than daughters. It is not always true that a son would take care of his parents or do some heavy work.
