Day 1 A definition of gambling is when people risk money or possessions on the result of something that is not certain such as a card or a horse race. Even money is not one of crucial factors that we learned in school before. However we cannot refuse that if we do not have money we will have a dilemma time. There were many times that Thai government tried to legalize gambling and establish casino in Thailand. Nevertheless no one agree with that policy. The government gave many reasons to us such as they can make a lot of money for gambling tax and casino will be a tourism attraction. However this essay will demonstrate why the government should not allows casinos and other gambling companies to operate legally. There are at least three problems will happen such as environmental problem criminal problem and economic problem. First environmental problem will be the first problem that comes up with. Building casinos need a big piece of land because casino also includes hotels and others. According to constructing the casinos can cause watering problem to the farmers. The farmers might do not have enough water to for their plants or have a low quality water which can cause some damage to their field. Also it can cause pollution problems too. Day 2 A definition of gambling is when people risk money or possessions on the result of something that is not certain such as a card or a horse race. Even money is not one of crucial factors that we learned in school before. However we cannot refuse that if we do not have money we will have a dilemma time. Many times that Thai government tried to legalize gambling and establish casino in Thailand. Nevertheless no one agree with that policy. The government gave many reasons to us such as they can make a lot of money for gambling tax and casino will be a tourism attraction. However this essay will demonstrate why the government should not allows casinos and other gambling companies to operate legally. There are at least three problems will happen such as environmental problem criminal problem and economic problem. First environmental problem will be the first problem that will happen. According to casino also includes hotels restaurants shopping malls etc it needs to be constructed in a huge area. Now it is hard to find a big piece of land so the owner might break into national park. Breaking into national park affects ecology and also to the farmers. They might do not have enough water for their farms. And the important thing if casinos do not have a well management before they release waste product into the rivers not only the farmers but also everyone is that society will have a health problem or pollution. Second the effect of money laundering money from money laundering may come from illegal drug trade illicit trade or prostitution etc. The way to clean that is offenders spend it in the casinos or even build casino to use it as a place fro money laundering. Some people think that ordinary people do not have the effect on this. However there are enormous effects in a society. A money from money laundering may be use in terrorism drug trade committing others crime and even bribing. Not only the effects above but it also can cause inflation in that country economy. Moreover having an infamy in the money laundering also affects international relations. Finally family unit if parents addict to gambling how they can be a good role model for their children Children may absorb an attitude that gambling is a good thing into their lives. People say there is no one always lose or win. Usually when someone lost in gambling they want to try one more time and keep doing that until they win. What will happen if they lost all of their property How does the whole family will survive Frequently when someone gets angry he she swears hurts himself herself or someone else and hurts someone else's feeling. And again what will happen if that someone else is their child When family is unpleasant place for children to grow up country's future might be unpleasant and unstable as same as the place that they grow up. In conclusion the effects on environment having a bad reputation and unstable in family unit are the reasons that the governments should not allow casinos and other gambling companies to operate legally.
