Recently abolishing death penalty was an argumentative issue in Taiwan. As a protective human rights lawyer when Chin Fang Wang was selected to be the Secretary of Justice she claimed that she would not implement the death penalty during her term. Wang's statement triggered a huge wave of opposition. Many victims' families blamed her for disrespecting the victims and call for her to resign they even convened press conferences to express their disappointment and anger. Their feelings gained a lot of sympathy and supporters. Eventually Chin Fang Wang was forced to resign her position. It is thought that abolishing the death penalty is a current trend of the world. Many advanced countries have canceled the death penalty in their laws. However this phenomenon does not mean that an advanced country is safer or more stable than other countries which have the death penalty. Moreover if the death penalty is canceled it would cause a lot of problems such as heavy financial costs to the government an increasing proportion of crimes and the issue of justice. First of all the cost is a crucial factor influenced by the death penalty. If the death penalty is abolished there will be more and more convicts staying in the jails. The government must pay extra money to keep these people in jail than it did before. If the criminals were kept in jail for the rest of their lifes they would not make any contribution to society but they would be fed by the government and live in a stable and safe environment without any effort because they are dangerous. It becomes a heavy financial burden on the government and it also increases all taxpayers' economic costs. Therefore abolishing the death penalty to keep the criminals' lifes is unfair to the citizens. When the number of criminals who deserve the death penalty have accumulated but the punishment is not implemented it is necessary to build other jails in order to detain these people and will cost lots of money. Usually the criminals who deserve capital punishment are felonious and they have committed extremely detestable crime before. If these criminals can apply for parole it is possible that they might commit the crimes again then it will cost much more social cost to pursue those criminals. Therefore based on the factor of cost the death penalty should not be abolished. Second having the death penalty has an advantageous effect on deterring crimes. It is clear that capital punishment is just like a deterrent which makes outlaws alarmed and decreases their motivation. In many recent studies it is obviously that the death penalty has strong deterrent effect which decreases the murder rate. Furthermore capital punishment deters not only the rate of murder but also deters other crime rates. If the death penalty is abolished it will make the criminals get rid of the valuable deterrent and decrease the deterrent effect of other punishments Lowe n. D. . The deterrence of the death penalty not only has a passive function but also has a positive significance. The death penalty is positively a symbol of the value that people want to protect the upright. It also implies that if someone commits the crime he has to pay for it. Furthermore generally the law is drawn up by the minimum of morality thus the death penalty should be the last line of defense which preserves the social security. If the death penalty is abolished it might cause people to worry and panic again as long as one of the criminals who has the death penalty has parole. Especially for the victims' families it is hard to guarantee that the criminal would not make trouble for them because the criminals know that even if they kill more people they do not have to worry that they might be killed by capital punishment. The situation is similar to the criminals' neighborhood people will not feel comfortable if they know their neighbor has killed someone. In addition according to Should the death penalty be banned as form of punishment n. D. The author claims that committing crimes again is perhaps the biggest reason to keep capital punishment because it can prevent the crime from the criminals again. Even though the criminals are sentenced to have no parole for the rest of their lifes it is possible kill other people in jails even escaping from jails. Therefore the best way to solve all of these problems is to implement the death penalty instead of abolishing it. Finally the issue of justice is the most important reason that the death penalty should exist. Many people who are against the death penalty consider that even criminals still have their human rights. However it is not fair if the criminals can retain their rights and the death penalty would not be implemented. If the criminals would not be penalized how will people be comforted and compensated for the victims' human rights. If the murderers thought about the rights of the victims they would not be so cruel as to kill the victims. Thus those criminals should have known that when they killed the person they also lost their human rights at the same time. Therefore the death penalty has to be kept and sustained. Although the victims of the murders can not be brought back to life at least they can be given the justice of the law by penalizing the killers. In addition each death penalty case is considered cautiously and proven by obvious evidence. Ba Dau Jiu a writer in Taiwan claims that if the crime does not deserve to have the death penalty the criminals would not have that however if the criminals deserve the death penalty then they should be penalized according to the laws Chang Xie Xiang 2010 . Based on fairness and justice the victims' families should be given more attention and comfort than the criminals. Although the killers' death could not revive the victims' life the victims' families might receive a second hurt if the murderers would not be killed by the death penalty. It is thought that if people have suffered deep sorrow for their family member who was murdered they will never forgive the murderers and support abolishing the death penalty. Therefore if the people who strive for the criminals' human rights and want to cancel the penalty could empathize with the feelings and hopelessness of the victims' families they will not insist on their previous opinions at all. Recently there was a social movement in Taiwan on March 28th when many people including a lot of the victims' families gathered in front of the presidential hall by sitting with a peaceful mind and expressed their believe against abolishing the death penalty. According to ANON_NAME_0 2010 a journalist for The Liberty Times an old man whose daughter was killed eight years ago has suffered sorrow since and still feels helpless. The old father said that when he recalled how the killer mistreated his daughter and thought that the killer is still alive he felt that life has no meaning at all and the system is unfair if the death penalty is going to be abolished in the future. Therefore it can be seen that if the death penalty is abolished it will make more and more people live under the shadow of their families' deaths. One of reasons some people are against the death penalty is the fact that occasionally in the past a few criminals had received capital punishment then were proven innocent. However Wang 2010 a senior social journalist stating that he has seen too many serious social events for many years believes there were rarely condemned criminals have deserved to be sympathized. In order to solve this point the best solution is to reinforce search for the evidence carefully before the prisoner is judged instead of canceling the death penalty. Moreover abolishing the death penalty is a trend of the world. Some people think that abolishing the death penalty is like a symbol of an advanced or a civilized country. If countries want to express their superiority or advancement they have to follow this trend. However this opinion is a misunderstanding people have to know that even in a higher democratic society the country can still retain the death penalty. Whether a country is advanced or not is not relevant to the death penalty. The function of the death penalty is basically to protect the citizens. In conclusion the death penalty is helpful in maintaining the cost of the government instead of spending too much money to keep criminals in jails. It also has a deterrent function to decrease the rate of crime and gives justice to the victims and the victims' families. If a country decides to abolish the death penalty the government has to be aware that they will confront a higher risk to suffer artificial disasters from those criminals some day. Nevertheless the death penalty's pros definitely outweigh the cons.
