ANON_NAME_0 04 02 2010 International Patents and Access to HIV AIDS Medications in Poor Developing Countries Are patent laws on HIV AIDS drugs equitable for poor developing countries Do these populations have access to antiretroviral medications ART to combat HIV Unfortunately the majority of people who have HIV and live in a poor developing country do not have access to ART drugs WHO 2006 . According to World Health Organization WHO in some regions only twenty percent of people who need ART currently receive medication and one of the most important barriers to access to treatment and ART drugs are the politics of patent laws Castro Westerhaus 2007 . As a result of an unclear and bureaucratic law about patents these numbers reflect the discrepancy between people who receive medications and people who do not. Thus these countries need to cope with and make a tremendous effort to provide a minimum of urgently needed treatment for these patients otherwise the statistics would not change in the future. Most importantly it is imperative that patent laws do not overtake the right of health and the access to medications and treatment. There is no doubt that AIDS Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome is a major leading global health problem leading to million of deaths every year WHO 2008 . According to UNAIDS Joint United Nations Programme on HIV AIDS 33. 4 Million people live with HIV worldwide. Also the disease has a social impact and it is a major threat to development and to human society Piot 2001 . In 2008 2. 0 Million people in the world died of AIDS WHO . Most of these deaths occurred in Sub Sahara Africa which represents 67 of HIV infections worldwide and 72 of the world's AIDS related deaths in 2008 UNAIDS 2008 . In addition 22. 4 Million people live with HIV in Sub Sahara Africa and only 44 of people in need are estimated to receive ART therapy. WHO estimates that only 20 of people who need ART therapy worldwide receive the drugs. In other countries this percentage can drop to 17 Castro A. Westerhaus M. 2007 . Even though the number of people infected with HIV is increasing it has been shown that the use of new drugs have improved the life quality and reduced the death rate to whom have access to ARV medications Farmer 2001 . Furthermore Doctor Without Borders Medecins Sans Frontieres MSF argue that provide treatment has a real benefit on individuals lives and can be done effectively if there are a generic competition and a differential pricing policies in favor of least developing countries. Hence WHO has tried to increase access to treatment between the years 2003 and 2005. This effort was known as the 3 by 5. The goal was to have 3 million people on ART treatment by the end of 2005. By the end the numbers of patients receiving treatment in low and middle income countries increased from 400 000 to 1. 3 Million. However this initiative was not expanded because of constraints scarce human resources and other critical issues in health systems especially in poor countries WHO 2006 . Yet the access to these medications depends on various nuances that involve the public health structure and financing problems by which patent law plays a significant role. Most importantly the politics of patent laws monopolize the market and sustain the high price of these medications. In 2000 the price to provide ART medications per person per year was US 10 000. By July 2002 was dropped to 700 because of the international pressure and generic competitions. Meanwhile the generic medications were under US 209 Rourke J. 2004 . Consequently it is a fact that lack of money is the principal reason the poor accessibility to ART drugs and generic competition can make the access to these medications available. A patent is the grant of a property right to an inventor issued by the Patent and Trademark Office. In 1883 the Paris convention for the protection of industrial property corroborated that a patent must be officially recorded and lasts for 20 years. In 1967 the World Intellectual Property Office WIPO was created to regulate intellectual property including the production distribution and use of knowledge. This controversial subject always leads to inflamed debates especially because of the increasing globalization and its necessities of a standardization of intellectual property law Castro Westerhaus 2007 . Parallel to the expansion of the international economic trades the Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights TRIPS Agreement was conceived. Thus in 1995 the World Trade Organizations WTO was created. WTO is an organization consisting of 153 member states thereof 32 are least developed countries. In addition the WIPO and the WTO agreed to supervise the enforcement of TRIPS. As a result all members must to follow and apply patent law and they cannot commercialize produce import and export any product protected by patent law. Furthermore these regulations were applied to pharmaceutical products as well and the contradictions and dilemmas about the patent law became highly controversial. Subsequently TRIPS made an exception and allowed the use of a patent drug or product thus compulsory licenses were created. Compulsory licenses are benefits given to poor countries to use patented products without legal penalties. However the WTO did not specify under which circumstances some countries could use the compulsory licenses to violate the law. Another issue in this case was the requirement that the country claiming compulsory license has to manufacture the product in situ. However countries with the urgent needs of drugs do not have the technical knowledge and structural capacity to produce medications. Consequently this exception does not have an effect or benefits for these countries where the necessity of medication is urgent. In 2001 the Doha Declaration affirmed that public heath has a priority over patent status and the dilemma about lack of technology and manufacturing capabilities was discussed. As a result some countries could use compulsory licenses and import generic medications. In Doha it was established that poor developing countries were not obligated to implement patent law for pharmaceuticals until January 16 2016 and the least developed countries allowed to use compulsory license are Angola Bangladesh Benin Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia The Central African Republic Chad The Democratic Republic of Congo Djibouti Gambia Guinea Guinea Bissau Haiti Lesotho Madagascar Malawi The Maldives Mali Mauritania Mozambique Myanmar Nepal Niger Rwanda Senegal Sierra Leone The Solomon Islands Togo Uganda The United Republic of Tanzania and Zambia United Nations 2005 . Consequently Brazil India Cuba Thailand Guatemala and South Africa can produce generic drugs and provide medications to countries that do not have the capability to produce them. However these decisions trigger debates and more arguments. The US government tries to limit the countries and the diseases in this new statement. In addition the pressure against the use of this compulsory license is very high Oliveira Bermudez Chaves Velasquez 2004 . Because of that just Malaysia Indonesia Zambia and Mozambique have succeeded about the use of compulsory licenses to have access to ARV productions Adelman 2005 . In brief patent law is one of the greatest obstacles to equitable access to ART drugs in poor developing countries. The efforts to reduce these interferences remain not sufficient and the population continues to suffer as a result of this roundabout history involving pharmaceutical companies government public health and patent laws. In an attempt to defend themselves pharmaceutical companies argue that the protection of patent laws allows them to recover from the economic expenses and investments made in the research and development of drugs. However specialists argue that in the past the pace of research was different and the patent lifetime 20 years does not reflect the pace of research nowadays and it is an extremely long and unjustified period. In addition some activists argue that pharmaceutical companies include the costs of advertisements in their expenses and the amount of money is reinvested in drugs development is low as compared to the profits that the industries have made. Furthermore patent protection allows industries to monopolize the market and dictate the prices of medications. As a result the cost of ARV became high and impossible for developing countries to continue or expand the access to ART medications Stiglitz 2004 . Briefly despite poverty the public health infrastructure and political commitment patent law has a serious impact on AIDS treatment especially in poor countries Castro Westerhaus 2007 . Furthermore it is proved that the access to medications improves the quality and increase the span of life. Consequently the social impact of this terrible disease is minimized when the population has access to ART therapy. This health issue needs to be discussed and clarified to the world population. In addition initiatives need to be taken to minimize these disparities involving global public health. In the long run the access to medications should be a human right not the privilege of a few.
