In the Sundance Film Festival in 2009 the audience was shocked by watching Kimjongilia a documentary movie about North Korea which was directed by N. C. Heiken. The title of this movie is taken from the flower that North Korea named after its leader Kim Jong il for his 46th birthday. This movie revealed the reality of concentration camps by interviewing survivors including a woman who had been in the concentration camps for the reason that she was a friend of Kim Jong il's lover. Although crucial information was never given to her she was condemned to prison with her entire family including her children. Also another survivor stated that if someone sings the South Korean song that person will be sent to the concentration camps. In fact incredible news stories about North Korea similar to the movie content are frequently reported in newspapers even though North Korea is thoroughly isolated. It is hard to believe North Korea and South Korea were the same country in the past. Because of the Korean War 1950 1953 Korea has been divided into two countries North Korea and South Korea. Since they were separated they have developed their own systems communism in North Korea and capitalism in South Korea. However unlike South Korea which has become an advanced country with the world famous IT industry shipbuilding industry and car industry North Korea is isolated in global society is controlled by a dictator and suffers from a chronic food shortage. Some people might say North Korea and South Korea should unify because they were the same country in the past. However the unification between North Korea and South Korea should not be accomplished because of political and cultural differences between North Korea and South Korea economic damage derived from unification and old established international relationships around Korea. First of all the political and cultural differences between North Korea and South Korea are enormous. North Korea along with Lao Vietnam Cuba and China has been one of the few communist countries since the Soviet Union collapsed Baker 2005 whereas South Korea is an archetypal capitalist country. Moreover what makes it worse is that North Korea keeps isolated policies even though other communist countries have opened their economic policies to other countries. For example another representative communist country China is in transition to market economy. According to a report by the Korea Institute for International Economic Policy 2005 China joined the WTO in 2001 and attained Market Economy Status MES by 39 countries by 2005 by contact with each country. While China is becoming a fast growing emerging market by manufacturing products using cheap labor North Korea is maintaining its own closed policy. People in North Korea are thoroughly prohibited from travelling abroad and they even cannot call overseas. To maintain its policy and ideology North Korea strongly enforces punishment for political offenders sending them to concentration camps with entire families for even minor political offends. In addition North Korea has propagandized people about its ideologies and the greatness of their dear leader since they were young. Moreover the status of North Korea in world society is also horrendous. North Korea has been considered as the 'axis of evil' by the former U. S. President Bush due to its nuclear weapons. He criticized North Korea for that North Korea is being armed with missiles and weapons of mass destruction while its citizens were starving in his 2002 State of the Union address. Since his speech many people in the world have regarded North Korea as a terrible country. On the contrary South Korea has harmonious international relationships with other countries. For example according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade South Korean people can travel to 112 countries without a visa 2009 reflecting its good international relationship between each country. Also a great number of foreign companies do business in South Korea. Furthermore the duration of time makes more severe and great differences. North Korea and South Korea have been divided for approximately 60 years which means 2 generations. In the past people could not have believed the fact that the one country which had been maintained for over 1000 years was divided into 2 countries only because of ideologies. Also there were lots of people who were separated from their family due to the enforced division and they wanted to meet their family again. However the current situation is different. People especially the younger generation are not related to North Korea directly and they do not have much knowledge about North Korea. Also culturally they are extremely different. If the unification is accomplished the people in North Korea and South Korea will confront with a huge conflict from the disparities. These political and cultural differences including the extraordinary characteristics of North Korea are some of the great reasons why the Korean peninsula should not be unified. Second the economic damage derived from unification is incalculable. According to the recent commentary of Charles Wolf in Forbes 2010 the estimated cost of Korean unification will be 1. 7 Trillion. South Korea is an advanced country with about 20 000 of GDP per capita whereas the estimate of GDP per capita of North Korea is 700. Moreover the failure of revaluation of North Korea's currency in 2009 makes the situation of North Korea much worse. Therefore enormous costs are inevitable to raise GDP per capita in the North to that in the South Wolf 2010 . This cost will be a huge burden for the people in South Korea. It is certain that taxes will be incredibly increased to cover that cost which will lead to decreasing GDP. People in South Korea have made an effort to get out of poverty and to establish a rich country since the Korean War. However if unification is accomplished Korea will have to undergo a struggling situation. It is obvious that people in South Korea do not want to go back to that struggling situation again. Also when people talk about Korean unification the unification of Germany is frequently cited. It looks as if they accomplished a successful unification joyously streaming through the gates of the Berlin Wall but rebuilding East Germany's economy has been subsidized by West German tax dollars totaling 3 trillion and still counting Wolf 2010 . Moreover the situation between Germany in 1989 and current Korea is totally different. The unification of Germany accomplished 20 years ago and the proportion of level of income in West Germany to that in East Germany was four to one. In addition the proportion of population of the West to that of the East was also four to one ANON_NAME_0 2010 . By contrast the population of North Korea is 23 million and that of South Korea is 48 million which means the North's population is almost half of the South's. Also the disparity of income is 28 to 1 in favor of the South Wolf 2010 . Although Wolf anticipated that the cost of Korean unification will be 1. 7 Trillion the statistics argue the cost will be much higher than that of Germany. Actually the government and non governmental organizations of South Korea have supported North Korea by sending rice other foods and fertilizer. That is 1 510 million from 2004 to 2008 ANON_NAME_1 2009 . Even though since 2008 the relationship between North Korea and South Korea has been strained due to regime change South Korea has kept economic cooperation and commercial trade such as the businesses in the Kaesong Industrial Complex. The idea that such aids might helps North Korea maintain its system underlies these supports because the South Korean people are aware that if North Korea collapses the economic burdens that South Korea has to take will be tremendous. Third Korea unification might cause huge conflicts in international relationship which has been established for a long time. In Korea relationships with the U. S Russia China and Japan are considered as the most essential ones. Also usually in various government reports details about relationships with these countries are showed. These countries are the strong countries around Korea and also have been in significant relationship historically. Geopolitically the Korean peninsula is located between those countries. In the past the U. S was a representative superpower in market capitalism and Russia and China were archetypal superpowers in communism. When the Korean peninsula was in ideological disputes after World War II in 1945 and before the Korean War in 1950 the U. S. Made an effort to lead Korea to join the liberal countries whereas the Soviet Union and China tried to communize it. Before and after the Korean War which was busted up from their extremely maximized conflicts those strong countries had confronted the era of the Cold War. The Cold War got its named because the U. S and the Soviet Union the main enemies didn't want to fight each other directly. Instead during the Cold War they threatened and denounced each other with tension cold war . Then they maintained a delicate balance going through the Vietnam War and the era of d other strong entity located just next to Korea will face serious geopolitical and economic changes. They might come into conflict over taking initiatives in the Korean peninsula as like they had done before. This might seriously threaten Korea's self reliance and national security. Therefore Korean unification might provoke serious conflict and confusion in old established international relationships. Some people might say Korea should be reunited because they use the same language and they are the homogeneous family. However the same language cannot be a crucial reason for unification. In the case of the U. S and Canada they do not want to unify even if they use the same language English. Also although Germany and Austria use the same language German and even though they were the same country in 17th century they do not think about unification. In addition it is thought that the assertion of the fact that Korea was a homogeneous nation in the past is just appealing to nationalism. Even though they were the same country in the past if their culture and politics are totally different they should be separated. In addition South Korea is not homogeneous anymore because there are 870 000 registered foreigners in South Korea Korea Statistics 2009 and it is speculated that there are more than 1. 2 Million foreigners including unregistered foreigners. Moreover due to international marriage there are lots of mixed blood children who are Korean. Consequently the expression of the homogenous nation has disappeared from the text books in South Korea. In conclusion the unification of Korea has tended to be regarded as one of the most long cherished desires to the Korean people. However when we seriously consider the great disparities in culture and politics between North and South Korea economic responsibility the tremendous cost of unification and the possibility of international conflict unification is only an idealistic desire based on nationalism. Therefore the Korean peninsula should not be unified. References Baker R. W. 2005 . Capitalism's Achilles heel. John Wiley and Sons. P. 23 . ANON_NAME_1 S. Y. Ed. . 2009 . The Circumstance and pospect of relationships between North Korea and South Korea pp. 107 109 . Seoul Korea Institute for National Unification. Cold war. N. D. . Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Countries with visa exemptions by Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. 2009 September . Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Dynamic statistics of population. 2010 . Statistics Korea. Kristof N. D. 2010 March 31 . China concubines and google . New York Times. Study on the issue of achieving market economy status of china. 2005 . Korea Institute for International Economic Policy. Wolf C. 2010 . The cost of reuniting Korea. Forbes. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE ANON_NAME_0 J. Y. 2010 . The cost of Korean unification. Hankyung. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
