Is Animal Testing Still an Essential Process Can you imagine what will happen in the near future if we suffer from unknown diseases and we cannot use animals for testing How many people have to sacrifice their lives from taking wrong therapies and medicines When every member in our family is hale and hearty it is very difficult to understand why innocent animals are used for testing purposes that usually end up killing them. However it usually starts to make more sense when someone in the family or you yourself starts suffering from a life threatening disease. In research animals have provided valuable information about many physiological processes that are relevant to humans because animals are similar to humans. Moreover animals have been fundamental in the development of many drugs including vaccines. In addition some people might say that technology has developed a lot nowadays. Thus we should stop animal testing and find other ways to do the experiments. Furthermore they agreed that animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research. People who are for animal rights say that animals cannot protect themselves from being harmed by humans Animal Testing Arguments for n. D. . However animals still are an essential part of scientific experiments because of these reasons animal experimentation has a productive result in biological research animals are similar to human beings in a physical terms animal experimentation can help improve human lives. The fact that the results attained from experimental testing do not accurately portray their influence on humans is considered to be a one of the serious arguments against animal testing. Human bodies are different from other animal bodies so the consequences of animal testing may not applicable to humans. They argue that the way one species reacts to a given drug or chemical does not necessarily entail other species will react the same way Alternatives to Animal Testing on the Web FAQs. N. D. . Additionally animals which are tested are in an unnatural environment so it made them were under stress. Therefore they will not react to the drugs in the same way compared to their potential reaction in a natural environment. Italian Professor Peitro Croce has been fighting against animal testing for several years. The argument he puts forth includes misleading results of animal tests which they are applied to humans. For example parsley is considered to be a deadly poison for parrots yet we use it to flavor our food. Arsenic is poison for humans but it is not harmful to sheep. Moreover sheep goats mice and horses can also eat hemlock in large amount while this is toxic to humans. Furthermore lemon juice is toxic to cats. In addition morphine is regarded as an anesthetic for humans but if it is administered to cats it generates a state of frenzied excitement Vivisection Fact Sheet n. D. . To begin with one of the most crucial concerns for people who are against animal testing is about the animals' welfare and rights. Even though the scientists use animal testing they are also concerned about the animals' welfare as a speech by NHMRC CEO Professor Warwick Anderson who said that When it is necessary to study animals in medical research all involved have an obligation to care for the animals in the best ways possible Animal Experiments n. D. . Some people may not know that most animals used in research are specifically bred such as cats mice frogs and pigs. Scientists are careful to minimize stress in the animals since this would damage their research as well. There is a law that was designed to protect animals that might be test subjects by requiring proper care of them and it sets forth a list of guidelines researchers must comply with. For example it stipulated that the animals must receive adequate veterinary care. In 1970 there was a law which expanded protection to dogs cats primates guinea pigs rabbits and hamsters to all warm blooded animals. Significantly the law exempts mice rats and birds the protection. Second animal experimentation has a productive history in biological research especially in biomedicine. For example the organ transplant pioneer Thomas E. Starzl conducted his early surgical transplantation experiments on dogs in the 1960s before successfully attempting them on humans. Psychiatrist John Cade made the discovery that lithium aids manicdepressive patients by experimenting with guinea pigs in the 1940s Botting. N. D. . Today many animals are used for a variety of purposes in experimental science. While some studies use primates or other animals over 90 percent of studies involve mice and rats for experiments from immunological projects to cancer research. Third animals make excellent research subjects because animals are similar to human beings in physical terms. Researchers believe that animals and humans have many of the same illnesses so animals are the closest and the best match with regards to applying this data to humans. Moreover animal testing helps to ensure the safety of drugs treatments and many other substances humans use or are exposed to regularly. More than that they also have similarities in the natural process of living. Every day thousands of people are saved from painful diseases and death by the powerful effects of medical drugs and treatments. These would not be possible without animal testing. This means that human harm is reduced and human lives are saved not simply from avoidance of the dangers of drugs but because the drugs themselves save lives as well as improve the quality of human life. Despite these overwhelming benefits some people might come up with the questions that they both are the same why don't we do experimentation on humans instead of harming animals. People are calling for animal testing to be banned because of alleged cruelty. Even though it is true the difference is that studies that are conducted with humans always require the result of preliminary tests in animals to protect humans from any bad effects from the testing. This is to make sure that it will give the best result for humans. Most of the experiments that take place are about medical purpose so can say that we take benefits from the animal testing. In addition scientists can readily control the environment around the animals such as diet temperature or lighting. Conversely controlling the environment would be difficult with humans. Fourth animal testing can help improve rare animal species' disorders or the nearly extinct animals. Some people might say that animals have been harmed without any choice to escape from being tested and it is very cruel to harm them with no good reasons. Furthermore they might also believe that it causes animal extinction because some types of animals have been decreased or even faced extinction because of hunting or disaster including deforestation. For rare species they could become extinct due to their inappropriate behaviors. Therefore they think scientists should stop animal testing in order to save animal lives. A fundamental objection to this argument is not only do we use animal testing to improve human lives but we can also help improve about animal lives too. For example the heartworm medication that was devised from research on animals has assisted many dogs. The cat nutrition has been better comprehended through animal research and has assisted cats to live longer and healthier lives Animal Testing Why Animals Are Used in Research. N. D. . Moreover we don't have to worry about animal extinction because the research will help result in the increase of animals. Due to the impact of research the animals could be enhanced the survival mechanisms in unsuitable environments. With genetic engineering rare species are able to reproduce the next generation which solves the extinction problem. Lastly animal testing helps improve human lives. Previously there were many people who died because of testing new drugs or treatments. Since scientists have started animal testing the number of people who test drugs has been decreased because scientists did research with animals beforehand. The most radical progress in reproductive medicine such as oral contraceptives in vitro fertilization hormone replacement therapy etc. Have all been made possible by animal testing Alternatives to Animal Testing on the Web FAQs. N. D. . There are many of medical treatments that have been made possible by animal testing including cancer and HIV drugs insulin antibiotics vaccines and many more. To illustrate HIV AIDS currently affects nearly 1 million Americans Genetic Engineering. N. D. . There are treatments but still no cure for this disease that disables the immune system. Scientists' understanding of the retrovirus that causes HIV AIDS comes in part from studies of similar viruses in chickens cats and monkeys. Promising drugs possible vaccines and medical procedures are tested first in mice and monkeys before being used in clinical trials with human volunteers. Additionally scientists may discover such drugs and medical procedures using alternative research methods if the new therapy seems promising. It is tested in animals to see whether it seems to be safe and effective. If the results of the animal studies are good human volunteers will be asked to take part in a clinical trial. The animal studies are finished first to give medical researchers a better idea of what benefits and complications they are likely to see in humans. In conclusion even though our world has changed and improved with a higher technology and lifestyle medical and health concerns are very crucial. Therefore animal testing is still being main object for the scientists. For this reason the use of animals for scientific research has great advantages for humans animals and research. Nowadays our health of the quality of human lives has been satisfactorily improved because of using animals for research. If there were not the use of animals for scientific research humans and animals might not have as good a lifestyle as today. In other word if animal testing were to be outlawed it would be impossible to attain the significant knowledge that is necessary to eliminate much suffering and premature deaths for both humans and animals Animal Experiments. N. D. . Many people believe that sometimes if we want to gain something we might have to lose something. Thus to save a million we should be willing to sacrifice a thousand. Bibliography Botting J. H. N. D. . EBSCOhost Animal research is vital to medicine. From sslvpn. Pitt ANON URLPAGE Animal Testing Arguments for n. D. . Retrieved 03 20 2010 from writefix ANON URLPAGE Genetic Engineering n. D. . Retrieved 03 20 2010 from tuberose ANON URLPAGE Vivisection Experimentation on Animals n. D. . Retrieved 03 20 2010 from ANON URLPAGE Animal Testing Pros n. D. . Retrieved from 03 23 2010 Ranjan Shandilya ANON URLPAGE Using Animals for Testing Pro's Versus Con's n. D. . Retrieved 03 25 2010 from ANON URLPAGE Animal Testing Alternatives n. D . Retrieved from 03 25 2010 Geari ANON URLPAGE
