Can GM Crops Become the Solution for Agriculture For the long history of humans agriculture has been the most important way to get food. A good harvest has guaranteed their lives. On the other hand natural disasters such as unfavorable weather and outbreaks of harmful insects have caused tragedies of hunger. Nature is sometimes uncontrollable and gives hardships for humans. It is a common custom for humans to pray and thank gods for rich harvest because of the importance and difficulty of agriculture. In North America Thanksgiving Day is a holiday to thank God for a harvest. In Japan Daikoku who is a god of agriculture and thought to give people a rich harvest is one of the most popular gods. Now as a result of the long effort of humans to improve breeds people have a new technology and they can modify plant genes as they want. Will this new technology bring a brilliant success for agriculture Genetically modified GM crops are crops whose genes are artificially modified by recent biotechnology techniques. These crops have special features given by artificially transferred genes. In contrast to traditional cross breeding which is possible only between relatively close species recent biotechnology enables people to transfer genes beyond the border of species. For example researchers can put in genes which come from unrelated plants or sometimes bacteria into crops to give resistance to herbicides or insect specific toxins. Because GM crops are useful for large scale agriculture people have gradually accepted them. U. S. Agriculture already deeply depends on GM crops. According to the data from the National Agricultural Statistics Service of the U. S. Department of Agriculture GM crops were planted on eighty five percent of the corn acreage and approximately ninety percent of soybean acreage 2009 whereas many countries do not allow the commercial use of GM crops yet. It seems difficult to stop the use of GM crops especially in the U. S. However the cultivation of GM crops should be limited because they still have a undesirable impact on agricultural market and possibility of hazard for the environment. In spite of the spread the GM crop is a double edged sword. The U. S is the number one country in the area of GM crops and it is difficult to ignore the merits of GM crops. People who approve of GM crops claim that GM crops can contribute to humans for several reasons. For example it is said that GM crops help to reduce agricultural chemicals such as herbicide and insecticide. Cultivating insect resistant crops requires less insecticide. Because these plants contain the insect specific toxin Bt toxin harmful insects are killed if they eat these plants. On the other hand herbicide resistant crops have resistance to herbicides. These crops enable farmers to use a higher density herbicide than that used for conventional crops but fewer times. Consequently as a total amount the cultivation of herbicide resistant crops needs less amount of herbicide than the cultivation of conventional crops. However these GM crops have a possibility of the emergence of insects or weeds which have a resistance to GM traits. If insects and weeds have a resistance to insecticide or Bt toxin people will need more strong chemicals and corresponding GM crops. Tabashnic and his research team examined the bollworms corrected from several countries for 10 years and they indicate the possibility that the bollworm's resistance to Bt toxin have increased in 10 years in some American fields Tabashnik Gassmann Crowder Carriere 2008 . Similarly it is said that the careless use of herbicide resistant crops could stimulate the development of herbicide resistant weeds. This phenomenon is caused by the fact that the use of high amounts of herbicide removes other ordinary weeds and herbicide resistant weeds have an advantage under such condition Gunsolus 2002 . In short GM crops can contribute to the reduction of agricultural chemicals right now but this technology still has some difficulties for continuous use. As another benefit of GM crops 'Golden rice' is a model of nutritiously enriched GM crops. Golden Rice is a kind of rice genetically modified to be a source of Vitamin A. Golden Rice was introduced as relief for poor people suffering from Vitamin A deficiency Guerinot 2000 . However some organizations criticize Golden Rice that the amount of Vitamin A contained in Golden Rice was not enough and people had to eat 3. 7 Kilos of rice to satisfy the daily need of Vitamin A Greenpeace 2001 . Although the researchers resolve this problem by the invention of 'Golden Rice 2' Paine et al 2005 which contains 20 times more Vitamin A than 'Golden Rice' this episode shows the importance of considering whether these kinds of GM crops can work as meaningful solution. Although GM crops are said reduce farmers work the spread of GM crops may enables seed companies to control agricultural market. Only large companies which have enough capital are able to develop a new breed of GM crops because of the high cost of developing and examining GM crops. Once a company succeeds in making popular crops that company would have a great influence on the agricultural market. Because of contracts with seed companies farmers are usually not allowed to use their harvest as seeds for the next year. Of course people should protect patents on intellectual aspect of GM seeds but farmers have to buy GM seeds from seed companies every year. An NPR radio program reported the relationship between a seed company and farmers Morris 2010 . In that program the reporter said that the cost of seeds got about fifty percent higher after the introduction of GM seeds while he commented that GM crops became a necessary technology for farmers. He also mentioned that Monsanto whose GM technology Roundup Ready is a popular herbicide resistant technology and introduced into several crops has great leverage for both other seed companies and farmers. Besides the importance of protecting patents on GM crops the situation that few companies occupy the agricultural market may cause serious problems. The Second problem of GM crops is that it is impossible to prevent the unintentional spread of artificial genes into both other conventional crops and the natural environment. The genes introduced into GM crops are artificial genes and therefore they should be kept under the control of humans. These genes should not be allowed to spread to conventional crops and wild plants. However as an inherent character of GM crops these plants have the ability to breed and have the same appearance as ordinary plants. Consequently it is difficult to prevent the spread of artificial genes. First of all the crops of the GM plants are usually able to work as seeds for the next generation. As a result even if people take a lot of care there are inevitable possibilities that GM crops seeds may spill and start to grow at the outside of the GM crops field such as during cultivation harvesting and transportation. For an example of GM seeds spreading a survey of the Japanese Consumer's Union indicated the escape of GM canola into the roadside near ports Japan for sustainability 2009 . This case shows the difficulty of controlling the escape of GM seeds. In addition pollens are easily carried out of farms. Bees and other insects don't distinguish between GM crops and other crops. If people use GM crops on a small island it may reduce the spread of pollens to some degree otherwise it is difficult to stop the pollinators. Moreover some kinds of GM crops such as corn and rice use wind to carry pollen. In this case more pollen is carried out of the field. Although separating the field of GM crops by enough distance may reduce the possibility of spread it isn't be a perfect way to prevent the spread of artificial genes. Finally once the GM crops contaminate conventional crops or wild plants it is impossible to separate. GM crops and conventional crops have no difference in their appearance and gene testing is necessary to distinguish the GM crops. In conclusion it is difficult to control the unintended spread of GM crops and once they spread to the outside it is almost impossible to eliminate them. In addition to the difficulty of controlling the spread the effect of GM crops GM crops on the environment is difficult to estimate. Even if safety examinations of GM crops are required before using them in the field the limited time and situation may not be able to reveal all possible effects of GM crops on the environment. In the real environment several elements are related to each other and one change may cause complex results. As an example of the complexity of the ecological system Sasu and her research group reported an experiment about virus resistant GM plants in the field Sasu Ferrari ANON NAME 0 Winsor Stephenson 2009 . They cultivated wild gourds and virus resistant transgene VRT gourds in the same place for three years to measure the effects of transgene fitness. The data showed several results. In terms of virus protection the VRT plants have resistance to virus diseases and as a result VTR plants made more flowers and fruits than wild plants. On the other hand the amount of damage from cucumber beetles increased for VTR plants. In addition VTR plants have a higher infection rate for wilt disease. They explained these phenomena by suggesting that cucumber beetles preferred to eat healthy plants which included more VTR plants because they get little damage from virus and the damage of beetles cause wilt disease. They concluded that it is necessary to understand the effect of leaked transgenes that consider the effect from the complete perspective of the ecological system. As their research shows understanding the effects of transgene plants in the wild environment is not easy and as mentioned above once the genes leak it is impossible to recover even if what kind of problem are caused. In conclusion because of the impact on the agricultural economy and difficulty of controlling gene spread the use of GM crops should be limited. However considering the fact that GM crops are already cultivated in the U. S it would be impossible to prohibit all cultivation of GM crops. Furthermore it needs more consideration whether GM crops should be restricted if they have a possibility to save people from starvation. However it may be possible that the countries which are prohibiting GM crops are going to continue to keep out GM crops. In addition if people want to buy non GM crops it would help farmers to cultivate conventional crops. Humans have changed nature around us while we expand habitats and develop agriculture. However we do not have to forget to thank for the environment. GM technology enables us to modify nature some degree but nature is still more complex than humans think. Guerinot M. 2000 . The Green Revolution strikes gold. Science 287 5451 241 243. Gunsolus J. 2002 . Herbicide resistant weeds. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Japan for sustainability. 2009 December 16 . Japanese consumer's union finds GM canola growing in Chiba prefecture. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Morris F. 2010 Jan 12 . Monsanto GMO ignites big seed war. National Public Radio. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Paine J. A. Shipton C. A. Chaggar S. Howells R. M. Kennedy M. J. Vernon G. . . . Drake R. 2005 . Improving the nutritional value of Golden Rice through increased pro vitamin A content. Nature biotechnology 23 4 482 487. Sasu M Ferrari M ANON NAME 0 D Winsor J Stephenson A. 2009 . Indirect costs of a nontarget pathogen mitigate the direct benefits of a virus resistant transgene in wild Cucurbita. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 106 45 19067 19071. U. S. Department of Agriculture the National Agricultural Statistics Service. 2009 . Acreage 06. 30. 200 Cr Pr 2 5 6 09 . Washington DC Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
