Animal Experimentation A long time ago a Chinese doctor called Shen nong wanted to know how to cure people with herbs so he tested everything on himself. Sometimes he would eat some kinds of toxic herbs and he had to find the solution immediately or he might die. After several experiments he knew how to use herbs well. Therefore he taught people how to use herbs correctly. Moreover he cured a lot of patients and saved a lot of lives. He is a respected doctor in Chinese culture because of his medical achievement. Nowadays it is rare that doctors test some medicines on themselves to cure disease. Instead people use some alternative ways. According to The Medicines Company Gounville 2002 people experiment on animals to figure out what kind of medicine works well on some diseases. Then volunteers are invited to join experiments to make sure medicines work well on human beings. Actually animal experimentation helps human beings a lot. Although some people think it is cruel and disagree with it it is a better way to experiment on animals than on human beings. Therefore animal experimentation should continue. In the moral domain some ethical groups think that it is very cruel to test on animals. However a lot of people in the world do eat meat and seafood. It is natural that human beings eat animals and vegetables because we are in the higher level than animals and vegetables. The reason why human beings eat animals and vegetables is to stay alive. Therefore animal testing is also a way to let human beings stay alive. Furthermore scientists experiment on animals for research not for fun. Do scientists disrespect animals Why scientists do these experiments is to make a better life for human beings and to extend human life not for entertainment. The purpose of this research is very positive and beneficial. People should thank the scientists instead of judging them. Some people stand for animal rights. They think that all creatures are equal. Human beings do not have the right to exterminate animals' lives. If they really think so they would not kill any kind of animal. However when one finds that there is an Aedes mosquito which can cause Dengue fever as known as breakbone fever should one let it suck his blood because it has right to live in the world It sounds ridiculous and the answer would be no. Dengue fever is transmitted to humans by the Aedes mosquitoes and it would cause human illnesses and deaths Dengue Fever n. D. . Why do the animals in the laboratories have rights but not the insect If animal rights groups do care about animals' rights they would care about insects' rights too. Do animal rights groups think about the reason why there are some animals tested in the laboratories In fact most of the animals in the laboratories are produced because of the experiments. The purpose of raising these animals is to make them suitable and useful for the experiments. Without those experiments some animals would not exist in the world. In addition some people question whether there is any alternative method for testing or not. It is believed that when scientists find a better way to experiment they will use it instead of animal testing. No one likes to test on animals if it is not necessary. Katz the professor of Rutgers University emphasized testing was done on animals when it was the only way to answer the questions they were researching Ansert 2007 . Animal experimentation can be used in several areas pure research applied research toxicology testing cosmetics testing drug testing and education Animal Testing n. D. . Normally the top three controversial debates in animal testing are cosmetics testing toxicology testing and drug testing. First of all some people are against cosmetics testing and claim that they do not use any cosmetics from companies with animal testing. Indeed if scientists know that one cosmetic ingredient is safe they will not have to test it on animals. However if they want to discover if a new ingredient will be very good for the skin they will need animals to test on before testing on human's skin. The process of testing is very rigorous in order to evaluate the new ingredient. Nobody wants to be the experimental subject if the scientists cannot prove the new cosmetic ingredient is harmless. Secondly some people think that toxicology testing is also controversial. The purpose of toxicology testing also known as safety testing is to inspect some manufactured goods such as food additives packing materials or their chemical ingredients Animal Testing n. D. . Although some people believe that some ingredients may be harmful for animals but not for human beings this cannot apply to all cases. For instance in 2007 some pet foods were contaminated by melamine and this caused serious illnesses or deaths in some of the animals that had eaten them. In 2008 the infant milk of the Sanlu Company in China was also adulterated with melamine. Moreover some milk tea the traditional Chinese beverage and cookies of some companies in Asia that bought the milk from the Sanlu Company were also found to contain melamine. Approximately thirty thousand victims suffered from ill health and six infants even died ANON_NAME_0 2009 Melamine n. D. . These two stories show that some food additives would not only cause animal deaths but also human deaths. Thirdly when a new medicine can be sold in the pharmacy it should follow a five step drug development process Gounville 2002 . The first step is animal testing. Second phase one clinical testing is to test medicines on healthy people in order to test safety. Third phase two clinical testing is to test medicines on people suffering from the condition that the drug is intended to treat. Fourth the stage of phase three clinical testing is the largest and most complex. Fifth after successful phase three testing a new drug application seeks Food and Drug Administration FDA approval. Scientists need to know the candidate drug is safe and effective. If not this drug will be eliminated because of unacceptable side effects. On average in about four thousand candidate drugs only one drug will receive FDA approval. Moreover this process should take about ten years to complete successfully. Animal testing is just the first step of this process. Before testing on human beings Scientists just need to study the chemical properties. Although some people are against animal testing they may have benefited from medical technologies with animal testing. How to protect animals involved in animal testing in the universities In the US even experiments or research done in the universities must follow the Federal Animal Welfare Act AWA guidelines. If one university is found that the university disobeyed the policy of AWA this university would lose its federal funds Ansert 2007 . Finally some people worry about the abuse of animal testing especially in private companies. They are suspicious that these companies would overuse animal testing in order to maximize their profits as much as possible. In fact some systems and committees set some rules in order to limit cruelty. For instance there are about twenty groups on the Animal Care and Facility Committee ACFC that scrutinize and make sure animals in the laboratories are treated properly Ansert 2007 . They make strict rules that must be followed in the laboratories. They also have to examine all of the animal facilities at least every six months. Besides other policies or guidelines such as the Public Health Service Policy PHS Policy and the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals are also made to handle animal testing in the US. In Europe there are also laws for animal testing and the most powerful one is the Directive for the Protection of Vertebrate Animals used for Experimental and other Scientific Purposes Laboratory Animal Sciences n. D. . In conclusion although some people disagree with animal testing companies should allow it. With strict rules from the government animal testing is not misapplied. There is an idiom that says You can't have your cake and eat it too. It either benefits human beings or animals. If there is only one choice we can make the answer would be human beings. Sometimes in order to accomplish the goal and advantage human beings it is necessary to make some sacrifices. If animal testing can benefit human beings enormously from developing new and helpful medicines people should keep doing it instead of disagreeing with animal testing. References Animal Testing n. D. . Wikipedia. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Ansert J. 2007 . Rutgers continues animal testing despite activist's concerns. NY Oxford. Dengue Fever n. D. . Wikipedia. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Gourville J. T. 2002 . The medicines company. Harvard Business School. MA US. Laboratory Animal Sciences n. D. . The Law and the Regulation. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE Y. 2009 . What does the incident of the melamine teach us ANON URLSITE. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE n. D. . Wikipedia. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
