The Necessity of Unification in the Separated Korea In the world there are many countries in which people enjoy their lives carrying out cultural exchanges and traveling to different countries. Also advances in science and technology have gradually increased the opportunity to communicate and interact among countries. Unfortunately there is an excluded country North Korea which has nuclear weapons. We can't exchange cultural differences with and visit North Korea. Some people have a prejudice with which they describe North Korea as a part of the axis of the devil because most news of the world has dealt with issues of North Korea most of which are negative at least not positive. Even this news makes the same misunderstanding about some South Koreans who just 60 years ago lived in the same country Korea. At August 15 1945 Korea was released from the colonization of Japan. Then Korea had to be separated into North and South Korea. They did not want to be separated but had to be separated. As time passed the gap between North and South Korea in the quality of life has increased. Under North Korean dictator's pressure North Koreans had to be criticized by other countries. However North Koreans don't know anything about politics at least they can't control their situation. Someone who has to be blamed is the dictator and some officials of North Korea not North Koreans. They also want to carry out cultural exchanges and wait for the day of unification with South Korea. Korea should be reunified taking many advantages such as economic political and social advantages. Secondly from economic perspective arms reduction is crucial. Nowadays South Korea as well as North Korea spends a lot of money being alert to watch the movement for each other. According to ANON_NAME_0 2010 South Korea was ranked at third place in importing arms while North Korea more than 40 percent of total national budget was spent maintaining arms. Can you imagine that even though North Koreans are almost starving to death the North Korean government strengthened arms to guard their country against South Korea Also if Korea is unified South Korean companies can use the area in North Korea and North Koreans can get a job in South Korean companies. It is really a win win game for both Koreas. In addition this problem doesn't only be included in financial property but also in personal one. Except for some cases such as the disabled or the overweight South Korean men have the duty of the national defense which means that they have to go to the military when they become 18 years old. Some South Korean men are reluctant to go to the military because when they are 18 years old they are vigorous youths and want to continue their experiences in their major. Of course it is very important and respectful to protect the country. However most soldiers think this period boring because the duty doesn't come from the heart but is something unavoidable. Sometimes this dissatisfaction begets illegal behaviors. Although someone is not included in the exception for the military duty it is not impossible for him to not go to the military by giving the judge a lot of money which made the famous phrase in South Korea 'the son of God' which means that the person whose father is rich might be illegally excepted from the duty of military. Even North Korea is worse than South Korea because North Korean duty of military is for 10 years while the South Korean duty is for 2 years. Politics are another advantage. South Korea has a unique risk factor from other countries North Korea. By the effort through several decades South Korea become IT country and is considered as one of the strongest countries. However when other countries invest money in and treat with South Korea they always relate South Korea to North Korea. In most cases North Korea is a negative factor for South Korea. For instance at May 26 2010 a ship of the Korean navy sank near the boundary with North Korea without any reason. Then most foreign and even domestic researchers tried to find some clues related to North Korea. According to Asia Today news in South Korea Kim 2010 stock prices declined as the news about the ship was spread. Actually nothing about the ship was found. However unless both Koreas unify similar cases will occur continuously. Also most South Koreans think their country is too small to be able to wield strong influence. If South Korea and North Korea are unified they will affect the world more strongly. They think they are able to do anything by achieving the hardest goal unification. Above all things the most important thing is 'the separated family' which means that someone in South Korea has family in North Korea. With the abrupt separation into two different countries in 1945 some families had to be separated. There was no reason. The separated families could not meet and contact each other and even more they could not know if their family had died or not because North Korea is the most closed country in the world. Extraordinarily North Korea has made several meetings for the reunion of separated families but just for several hours. Koreans can't forget the day. News broadcasted the reunion of the separated family and all Koreans watched it with tears running ANON_NAME_1 2010 . They already knew that it was just for one day and they had to return to their country so it was sadder. Most people probably can't imagine this emotion because the emotion may surpass the extreme sadness we can imagine. Anti unification activists insist that unification with North Korea have negative effects on South Korea. Due to the economic gap between South and North Korea if both Koreas are unified South Korean will have to pay much more money to support North Korea because nowadays most North Koreans are very poor. The 100 dramas for 30minutes compared the economic power between South and North Korea in 1970s. ANON_NAME_1 2008 . In the 1970s North Korean economic power was more than 1. 5 Times strong than South Korean. Since then South Korea has been developed economically but North Korea still remained in 1970s. However if South Korea will continuously postpone the day of unification the economic gap will increase and finally reach a state which they can't control and next South generation will not know how South Korea are related to North Korea which means that Korean history will be deleted. Also the difference in politics makes it more difficult for both Koreas to be unified. The anti unification activists thought that even if the unification is performed the unification can't unify Korean thoughts. The token unification would cause another separation in one Korea and new problems. Of course the political difference is harder to treat than the economic difference. However nowadays a socialist system is collapsed and North Korea also is feeling it. They gradually are knocking to the door of the world. Therefore South Korea can and should help North Korea to adapt to the world. It will be the good chance for unification Of course it was very difficult for both Koreas to be unified. This is Korean last problem and they should solve this problem. Some scholars consider that German unification was failed because their economic situation is worse than before unification. However the result can't be estimated just by the economic factor. German history and patriotism might be strengthened by the unification. References ANON_NAME_0 I. D. 2010 May 25 . Comparison between South and North Korean arms. New Dong A Kim M. H. 2010 May 29 . Decrease of prices in the stock market. Asia Today. ANON_NAME_1 K. H. 2000 August 18 . 100 Dramas for 30minutes. Hankook Economy. Kim K. H. 2008 . Development the dictatorship with Park ANON_NAME_2 Hee. Seoul SunIn.
