Christmas Celebration in Brazil Brazil is a religious country and has several traditions. Christmas is a special holiday for us because represents rebirth of Christ. In this two days 24th and 25th December families believe in renewal of the spirit of your family. Families believe in the story of Jesus and his teachings. Normally we have a week of holiday for we prepare for these two days. In Brazil the spirit of Christmas begins months before December and the real celebration is in two days 24th and 25th December with Christmas Mass Christmas dinner and Christmas lunch. The festive of Christmas begins when all place wear with Christmas decoration and all people begin with a different behavior. In this time people become more solidarity friendly and patient with each other. This is called the spirit of Christmas. In the months before Christmas people decorate your houses with lights Christmas manger Christmas tree go to shopping and prepare for the days of celebration. The first things that Brazilians doing in 24th December is go to the church for the Christmas Mass. During all day has Mass and families go together and pray for Jesus for them families and thank you by the year ending. After we pray on the Mass the second thins is go to our houses for to prepare the house the food and the gifts for the midnight oh 24th. For us Brazilians the midnight of 24th is an important celebration. It is in this occasion that we really celebrate the Christmas. We invite our family for at 9 00pm when is 12 00am all family become to around the food and pray together. In my home every year one different person chooses a passage from the Bible to read. Then my father makes a prayer. After that we pray together and finally we switch the gifts and have a dinner. This celebration extends for almost all night. After the traditions we dance we play with family and friends that are coming for enjoy with us. In the next day of the Christmas night the third thing that we do is the Christmas lunch in 25th. Before the lunch some families go again to the church for pray one more time for Jesus. Normally we ate the food of the last night and the families prepare other kinds of food that is not tradition of the Christmas but is tradition in our customs. For example seafood. The Christmas lunch is all day with family and friends coming for celebrate the Christmas and also distribute more gifts. In brief the Christmas in Brazil is a friendly holiday that people come from far to celebrate together. Who is far of them families call each other wishing a merry Christmas and a good next year with health and happiness.
