Ex. 2. 1. Before entering a japanese tea house take off your shoes. 1. Take of your shoes before entering a japanese tea house. 2. After the ceremony bgins sit in the proper position. 2. Sit in the proper position after the ceremony begins. 3. As soon As you pour the hot water into the tea bowl stir the mixture. 3. Stir the mixture as soon as you pour the hot water into the tea bowl. 4. Before tasting the tea admire the design of the bowl. 4. Admire the design of the bowl before tasting the tea. 5. After you drink the tea pass the bowl to the next person. 5. Pass the bowl to the next person after you drink the tea. Ex. 3. 1. Baseball players are idolized by the fans. 2. Tickets can be boutgh on the Internet. 3. The games are often sponsored by large corporation. 4. A spcial vest must be worn by the umpire. 5. Baseball is watched on TV by millions of viewers. Ex. 4. 1. The changes to the schedule must be approved by the principal. 2. The electrical drill must be pluged in. 3. Banks and other businesses are closed on national holidays. 4. Potatoes and other vegetables are grown in Idaho. 5. A weekend edition is published by the New York Times. Ex. 5. In college students have many responsibilities and one of them is to understand the rules of the university. International students may be confused by some of these rules. For instance on most American college campuses alcohol consumption is prohibted because of the many alcohol related deaths among young people. Educators believe that students should be made aware of the dangers of excessive drinking. Another issue is smoking in public spaces which is permitted in some countries around the world. In the majority of American schools smoking is not allowed in cafeterias dormitories and student unions. However in most classrooms food and drinks may be consumed. Before students enter a classroom or lecture hall they are expected to turn their cell phones off. Plagiarism and cheating on exams are not tolerated serious consequences may result.
