The mystery of the Teke tribe during certain events continues to captivate the attention of people. This ethnic usually celebrates traditional funeral as it belongs to the tradition during the first Makoko King's reign second century ago. Teke tribe has a strange and also interesting way to celebrate traditional funeral in which one of the aspects is the spirits dance. The spirits dance during traditional funeral requires a characteristic decoration of human body. First dancers are worn with mask sex and certain cloths made in raffia allowing the agility of the movement. Their body is well decorated in traditional color which is the red symbolizing the power the force and the mysticism. They also use different colors such as white yellow and black to create the contrast and harmony by drawing odd figures on their body. All this decoration is characteristic for the Teke spirits. Because according the traditional beliefs the Teke spirits like the red and this typical clothing that they belong to. Furthermore the spirit's dance starts with a particular spirit walk. Dancers begin dancing with the rhythm of drummers by carrying out the regular and repeatedly movements. They oscillate their hands from bottom upwards while accompanying by a back and stomach movement at a snail's pace and then by bending knees since in raising them one after the other. All these movements are carried out while they are walking. This step of the dance is significant to follow. Because by carrying out the right and regular movement while listening to and singing the spirit symphony allow to create coherence sound of hands and feet. That will alert spirit in the other world to welcome the death's soul. The dance of the spirit is the most crucial part of the traditional funeral. Because by its typical decoration and its fabulous walk of the spirits allow to communicate with spirits for announcing the arrival of the new spirit. During this event sometimes the sky turns brutally into dark and the storm starts only in the area of the ceremony and even during the dry season.
