More power useful funny knowledge. Very thing stay in 1 machine. People were affected by it and children learn use it when they go to school. Women use it for shopping. Employees use it to do their works. Gamers use it to play games. Boy and girl use it to watch movie. It is computer. However the computer does not has only entertainment but now college education use computer to help Teachers teach students and students use computers to help them learn. Then computer is necessary for college because student can use computer to find researches connect with another students and do homework or presentation. The knowledge does not stop in the books. So students can use computers to connect with internet and find researches video clips answer key that help them understand and know about new knowledge and students can read e book on the computer that help students don't carry books. For example students can use the computer to buy or download e books and save them in their computers or go to YouTube website for watching video clips or go to Google web site and find research. The computer can connect with other computers. So student can use computer to share files documents E books or use MSM Yahoo messenger or email to discuss one to one talking group talking. Then students don't use the cell phones or use mail that help students save money and time. For example students use MSN to talking and discuss about homework and send the documents or researches on the email to the other students that help students can share knowledge together. The computer has more programs that help students do their homework or presentations. For example student can use Microsoft Word to typing homework or use Power point to do presentations. Usually students can change or add new idea on their homework and easy to print out or easy to send their homework to teachers. In conclusion Computer can help colleague student to find research connect with other students and do homework or presentation. So the computer can help student learn relax and achieve in education. Then computer is necessary for colleague student in this century.
