A computer is necessary for college students for three reasons The education this age became the power that every nation wants to obtain it. The computer and internet are the most equipments that help the students to get information more easily and clear. A computer is necessary for college students for researches contact with universities and professors and it helps to do college's works. Researches are the one of the most popular universities' requirements so most students need to researches to graduate. The computer and the internet help the students to find information about their research easier and faster. If you do a research about any subject you will find a lot of sources about your subject in the internet instead of looking for the sources physically in the library. In addition you can find a pictures and video about your what are you looking for. Beside finding information you can organize the information that you got faster and demonstrated. From another aspect that make the computer and internet are necessary for college students is facilitating the contact with universities and professors. The computer is more efficient to get an acceptance letter from university. It helps the students to see the location of the university that he applied for and he will be able to get the acceptance faster. Sending the acceptance by internet is effective more than by postal mail. Another property the students can get the updates earlier. For example if the professor will not come or if the class canceled by any reason the students who have a computer and internet don't need to go to class and see the post that it is inform them the class is canceled they could receive email from the university confirm them the class is canceled. Third aspect supports the computer is necessary is facilitating do college's works. The students in any major need to do projects. They can use the computer to illustrate that subject he work on it more easily. In addition some universities use the online submission system to submit the homework. This way to do homework is more efficient and the professor can take the homework faster so he can correct it and give the students the feed back in the next day. In conclusion the computer is the one of the most useful devices for human. It makes the life more faster and easier. In fact we really need the computer in our life especially in education. Using the computer in the education will increase the education and make the countries more powerful.
