Compare my definition of success with the definition of my friends Everyone has his or her own definition of success. One can be very different from another. For example some people think money is valuable in their life but other people don't think like that. One of my friends said her definition of success is to speak English well so she is studying English hard to take her goal. Another friend said her definition of success is to be happy in her life. I agree with all of them and my definition of success is also to be happy. If I want to be happy I should try to get everything I want. I know getting everything I want can be impossible but I will try to be happy. I have my own definition of success. First I will have healthy body. It means I will be a strong person physically because when I'm a healthy person I'll be such a active person so I can do everything I want. For example if I want to study English very hard I can study it my best when my feeling is the best and active. On the other hand if I don't feel good or I often feel tired I can't study it my best even though I really hope to study it. If I want to get healthy I should exercise regularly and eat healthy food. It sounds really simple but there's only few people exercise regularly and eat healthy food because these days most people are busy so they don't have time to eat well and then they eat fast food. These are not good for health so I'll try to exercise regularly and eat healthy food. When I exercise regularly I'll feel good and then I can do something easily because I'll be active. I can have my passion with my healthy because when I will be active I will be enthusiastic to do something. That's why I think health is the most important thing in my life. Secondly my family is also important in my life because if my family is happy first I'll be happy. After I have my passion I'll use it for my studies and my career and then the results of passion will come back to me and my family because my family want me to study hard and something well for my success. After I achieve my studies and my career I can do more and more. Everything is connected each other. I will do my studies and my career more enthusiastic. Then my family will be satisfied and be happy.
