Eid Aldaha is a special holiday for the Muslims people . This holiday started with long story between Abraham and his son ANON_NAME_0 . Until know the Muslims do as the Abraham did . At the end of the Muslim calendar some of Muslim people go to the Makah it is big city in the west of Saudi Arabia to do Hajj . Some of them staying in their home to make the holiday . There are many events in the holiday but the more interesting events are first the meeting after the Muslim people pray second slaughter sheep and third helping the poor people . First there is special prayer for the Eid Aldaha around 6 A. M . After the people pray they go to the place of meeting some of them go to the oldest person the family some of them have farm and they make the holiday there . Usually they start with drinking coffee and talk about the history of the story . When all the family come to the place of holiday they start the real event of the holiday . Second event in the holiday is slaughter the sheep . Before the holiday start any one has money and he or she able to buy the sheep you should buy to eat some of sheep and give some to the poor people . Usually they put the sheep in the place of holiday . Some of Muslim start to slaughter the sheep the first day some of them start the second day . In my home around 8 A. M of first day we start to slaughter the sheep . All my family in or close to the place of slaughter . We help each other except some of woman do not like look at the blood . After that we stay in ding room and waiting for delicious meat . Third event is help the poor people . The poor people are Important part of the Muslim live . Every Eid Aldaha we the Muslim people how slaughter the sheep you must give one third of the sheep to the poor people . Usually the children distributing the meat to the poor people because we want to teach them to help any one needs help . In the end the Eid Aldaha has interesting events and it is remember all the Muslims the story between Abraham and his son . The more important of the holiday is the poor people are part of the holiday .
