When it comes to Chinese New Year we do not use western calendar but we use the lunar calendar. Therefore Chinese New Year is usually on January or February in western calendar. In Chinese New Year we usually have five days off and the whole families get together and do a lot of things at that time. At Chinese New Year's eve we will buy a lot of cookies in Dihua Street in the morning. All of the stores in that street sell the similar cookies. We will start at the first store and it is free to taste cookies and nuts. Every salesclerk says hi to you when you stand in front of their store and asks you to try their products. Usually the price in the first store is the most expansive so we will keep walking and tasting at the next store until you find the price and the quality that you are satisfied with. After dinner it is time to get cash gift which is in the red envelop. Every children love this moment. But it is not that easy to get the gift. At first you need to say some greeting words to the elders such as I wish you will become rich and healthy forever. Second you have to sing a song or play some instruments. It depends on what you are good at. Finally you can get the cash gift in red envelope. When all the children get the red envelopes the elders will start to play mahjong. This gambling game plays with four people. Everyone get 16 cards in the beginning and you have to make them into pair. Three card in the same color or in a row number. The left two one should be in the same color. You play the card with clockwise. You take another card first and then through out the card that you do not need. The first one who makes his or her card in order is the winner. This game take a lot of time but it is good for your brain because you have to memorize and guess what cards other people have. When everyone has their fun at Chinese New Year's Eve we will sit together and talk to each other. We talk about how much money you got from your red envelope how much money you won from mahjong and we also share our life together until everyone get tired and we will call it a day.
