SELECT A MAJOR It's a major thing to select your future major . Most people realize how important this step is so they think extensively about many subjects like do I fit with university requirement for that major do I see my self in that specific major and how the work atmosphere will be after the graduation. First the university system usually has specific standers to chose the appropriate candidate for every major so the candidate's file should meet the university requirements . For example the transcript which provided by applicant should meet at least the score required for that major . Furthermore interview in some majors is required to chick applicant background motivation and capability to finish the program. Other non specific requirement such as TOEFL GRE or GMAT may be required and meeting these requirements is in many cases the most important step toward choosing the major. Second do you see your self in that major dose it fit your real ability and desire. For example some times the transcript appears more tricky because the high grad in math dose not necessarily mean you will succeed on engineering for instance because your desire is involve as much as your score . In another word you have to feel and like your further major in addition to your capability to finish it which may be shown in your transcript . Third do I will like the expectable job after graduation . If you like to be a doctor and your transcript shows your good ability in required material but you have a phobia from blood. Does that major fit you If you don't like teaching is it good idea to apply to educational collage I want to draw your attention to that choosing a major is choosing a work if you don't like the job which will be provided by that major simply don't choose that major in first place. Finally selecting a major is a very hard and important job that most academic persons go through because of the effort needs to accomplish the three steps which I already have mentioned and because it is for the most of the people selecting the work and fund which come from that work.
