If you do not have a computer your academic life is nothing! Actually Computers have taken big places in our life in many aspects For example in communicating with friends or in Academic life. As we can see computer is inherently related to many things in universities that student can get a lot of benefits. Students use computer for several reasons which are communication with professors doing assignments and arranging student's schedule. Further information will be provided below. To begin with arranging student's schedule is the first step before going to classes. Student had to go to registration center in order to sign up or eliminate some classes which was the traditional method of registration. However now student can use his university's account throughout the Internet to find out all available classes and their possible professors easily. Therefore student is able to select which teacher he likes and what the provided classes is. Student can also pay for private classes or buy books from university bookstore by internet instead of using the traditional method. In addition to that Communicating with professors is one of the most important reasons of using Internet. Going back to the past students did not have any tools to communicate with their professors. They used to go to professor's office and ask him about anything he does not know about in any subjects. However technology has really made computer helpful. Nowadays Students have an opportunity to send massages to their professors for clarification. Furthermore Universities seek to implement online classes which are provided in Internet that can make obstacles much easier than before. For instance students who have a job in the morning and need to continue his education can have chance to register in these classes. In addition online classes provide discussion with professors at certain times. Therefore students will be able to achieve their objectives much easier than it used to be. Finally it is considered a perfect tool for doing students assignments. Students used to write their own work on a piece of paper and go to professors' office in order to give it to them but now computer has a vital role in students' homework. Computer provides a lot of educational resources that will be beneficial upon students in many subjects such as Math English medicine. Etc. Obviously graduate students have many researches to do and they need to find good information easily which is one of the best advantages in computer. Likewise there are a lot of special writing programs in computer For instance students who need to write essays are able to use Word program which is easy to use. This program has a lot of advantages one of which is fixing spelling errors automatically which can save time for students. In conclusion as I mention above computer is a very necessary implement for academic students because of the compelling reasons which are cited above such as contact professors and doing student's assignments and register classes. The question is will students who use computer create another machine in order to do things much better than now Time will tell!
