Generation Gaps in My Family The generation gap is a normal topic that has been talked by educators young groups elder groups etc in magazines newspapers and so on. Every family will be in front of different kinds of generation gap issues. In my home it's inevitable that the generation gap has affected our life. I think that several causes such as traditional values lifestyle and system of education lead the generation gap to my family. The first generation gap is embodied in traditional value which has had deep roots in many Chinese families for thousands of years. However these traditional values have been changed during the transformation and the revolution of Chinese society. Especially current decades young generations have widely absorbed the notions of western countries and have acknowledged that many traditional modes of thinking are outdated. For example in my family my sister and I are both far away from my parents living in my hometown. We suggest that our parents go to a nursing home when they cannot take care by themselves. But my mother feels frustrated because she believes that she will lose her face and be sneered by her friends and neighbors. The fact is that children should response to their parents when they get older is my country traditional concept and mother has insisted it. The next controversy is produced by the difference of lifestyle. Usually different generations may grow up in the varied stages of social economy. My parents were born and grew up in the period when China in a poor economic situation and they worked hard and earned less. So they have always been frugal and saving. However my son was born and grown up in the time when Chinese government has implemented one child policy and Chinese economy has been in a high speed developing stage. He has been spoiled owing to the children centered view and high consumed thought which have existed in many Chinese families. My parents are worrying about when my son can realize that he should be frugal and saving. The last conflict between generations in my family is caused by different systems of education. In my country Gaokao is a comprehensive intensely competitive and crucial test that every high student must take in the end of her his senior year if she he wants to go to a college. Every parent hopes and dreams that their children can acquire a high quality college and achieve a bright future via successfully take the test. Most Chinese parents push their children to work hard at languages math physics and chemistry and so on but physical education which is not included in the test. On the contrary in the U. S. The students are encouraged to participate in diverse physical trainings and sport teams. My son has been engaged in football since he came to the U. S. About his playing football I am neutral. But my parents strongly recommend that he quit from the football team and focus on his studying. It's undouble that the generation gap is existed not only in my family but also in most families in the world. Because the societies are always changed people in different living environments will form varied lifestyles. Also people's traditional perceives can be affected integrated and changed by education and other cultures. The world is a living thing and people should learn how to fit to the change.
