Computers mean techonolgy technology is good if you know how to take advantage from it. Not only for collage students everybody needs to use computer for business or personal reasons. For collage students computer and internet help them to study and submit their projects and assignments. When we have an access to internet via computers we get a change to search online what we would like to then be well prepared for projects and save it. This techology let us to facilitate the things we have to do. Even thinking about the old times about research let us to appreciate the computer techonology. Staying at the libraries for many hours or asking many people if they have the books related to the topics we need to know more about and reading them one by one takes a lot of time to finish just the research part. Taking the necessary parts and writing them by hand take another extra time. Recently professors ask students to submit their assignments online and they can send their works with just one click. Communicate is another reason to make the computers important. Via internet we can communicate to friends teachers and professors easily. We can ask questions to them then we can have the answers online. If it's going to be a group work we can share it online with other partners and organize it together. Most all organizational communication involves computer technology. Emails Microsoft programs and much more are the advantages of computers and internet. Thirdly computer programs make the computers essential for college students. Generally teachers asks students typed essays. Sometimes some people have bad handwriting skills but using Word Microsoft Office program make their essays nice and readable. Programs help college students to do their assignments. By using Excel Microsoft Office excel access Powerpoint and others helps them to perform their task and be prepared for the class. Owning a computer is important for college students because these programs help them to be ready for the class and the exams. Recently everybody has a consensus on computer and internet are inevitable for everyone. Using it for searching reading creating projects communicating and entertaintment makes the computers dispensable. Therefore in my opinion no one can say that computers are useless.
