A computer became the most crucial part in our lives. Older people could not dream to use a new devices such as computers and cell phones which are anywhere today. In addition now computers with internet are almost in every home and lots of places. So students who don't use a computer will loss several benefits. Therefore a computer is necessary for college students for three reasons doing research using computer programs and acquiring knowledge. First reason of a computer is important for college students is doing research. Research helps students to understand assignments that are students doing for homework. For example many students use dictionary to know the meaning of passage. This helps students to do homework better. In addition making a research to do projects. For instance most students depend on computer to find many research on their topics that they should have to do well. So they can find many information that helps them to do their research better. Doing a research is one reason to college students who want to be successful in their homework. Second reason of a computer is crucial for college students is using computer programs. Student in university need to do essays. For example some students don't like handwriting. So they can use Word Microsoft office program they can type their essays on computer. In addition they can make corrections on their essays after they have feedback. Also students can use another programs. There are lots of programs that can help them to make their assignments well such as Excel Microsoft office program that helps them to do many charts and schedules. Owning a computer is very essential to college students because programs help them to do many work. Third reasons of a computer is necessary for college students is acquiring knowledge. Students who read lots on the internet increase their knowledge. They will have many ideas to write a good essays. For example college students who read varies articles on the internet can have lots of information which helps them to write a good essays. In addition reading a news makes students to have a new information which is help them with their projects. Having a computer for students is very important because it helps them to have a new and lots of knowledge. In conclusion a computer is very essential proportion especially for college students. Students will be gain many advantages such as doing research using computer programs and acquiring knowledge on the internet. As a result college students who have a computer will summarize their time and have many ideas.
