Do you want to get a great grade Most college students try to get a great grade but it is not easy to get. If you use a computer the process that try to get a high score will be more easy. Therefore the college students need a computer to do homeworks search information or data and use e mail. These things will help them to get a great grade in the college. First the college students need a computer to do homeworks. The assignments which make them feel difficult and professor give them to evaluate need a computer that is necessary for students. They always get homeworks and they should use a computer or internet to do clearly. It means if they get an assignment that is like an essay using a computer is easier than handwriting. Also sometimes they get an assignments which should upload on internet. Therefore the computer is necessary to do assignments. In addition the computer is really helpful to search data or informations they need. Actually using the computer is so fast and easy to use. Moreover they can search a lot of informations in the internet. There are a lot of website that offer many informations to everyone. Also we can get informations by using messenger from friends who have data. Although college students don't have many infromations to do assignments they can obtain some informations from internet or friends. Finally If they use e mails it is more useful to be good college students. They frequently receive some e mails from college or friends. Also sometimes they have to e mail to professor or friends. It is crucial process which help them to be good college students. In addition using e mail is really easy and fast. If they don't check their e mail sometimes they will have disadvantages. Consequently most students use a computer to be good students and get a high score without unecessary things as time or power. Even if they don't know hot to use the computer exactly they can find how to use it quickly. If people know these advantages and keep using a computer it's going to be more useful than other things to get a high score and to make wonderful college life.
