A generation gab exists in my home. When I was young I was wondering why my older brother is completely different than me and my younger brother. I am two years older than my younger brother and two years younger than my older brother. But it's obvious to anyone even my parent the differences between me and my older brother. My younger brother and I have a lot of things in common for example we like to play soccer and video games. In addition we have the same group of friends. In the other hand my older brother don't like my activity and my friends. After that I realized that due to five reason we and other sibling become different which are the parent's culture and work the school the entertainment and when we move to another place. Parents are not always from the same city or country. For me my father from Saudi Arabia and my mother from Indonesia as a result they have unlike cultures and unlike background of life due to their education. So they tried to teach us what they learned. Parents who work . From my perspective they can't avoid not to bring their work to home and there are many ways for that. One of that ways is when they have a lot of pressure in the work they will be upset or worried at home and they children can notice that easily. Another way when they have to do an extra work so they will bring their work to home. Finally when they have to stay for over time or extra time then they hire someone else like babysitter to take care of their children. Usually the school has the big affects on children. The method of teaching which is varied from school to another school. Also the teacher characteristic because students always think of the teacher as a perfect person so they want to be like him or her. Furthermore the student friends if they have a good behavior currently he will be like them. The media is very important in this days because it leave a big impact in the children especially teenager. I remember my older brother when he used to like an American singer whose name is Michal Jackson . He used to do what the singer do and wear the same cloths. Moreover there are many programs for children which some of them are good because it teaches the children like Burnly and some of them are bad like Tom and Jiry because it have a lot of negative idea like fighting. For many reason people have to move from place to another. Sometime due to their work or because the house is old and other reasons. In my situation my older brother was born in Indonesia when my parent were living there for four years so he took some of the place's culture. Also in the past we had to move for several times and that effected us because the people around us will change too like our neighbor and our friends. Nurturing the children is a big hard challenge for all parents because of many effects like the change of the culture parent's work the method of learning in school the media and the place of living. So that could change the kids characteristic. For that I think it's crucial to provide a stable environment for them to eliminate the gap between the sibling
