Christmas Celebration in Brazil Brazil is a religious and also a festive country. We have many festivals and several traditions that we celebrate during the year. Christmas is a special holiday for us because represents the rebirth of Christ. In two days 24th and 25th December families believe in the renewal of the spirit of your family. Families believe in the story of Jesus and his teachings. Normally we have a week of holiday for to prepare for these two days. In Brazil the spirit of Christmas begins months before December and the real celebration is in two days 24th and 25th December with Christmas Mass Christmas dinner and Christmas lunch. The celebrations of Christmas begin when all places have a Christmas decoration. In this time people become more friendly and patient with each other. This is called the spirit of Christmas. In the months before Christmas people decorate their houses with lights a Christmas manger a Christmas tree go shopping and prepare for the days of celebration. The first things that Brazilians do on 24th December is go to the church for the Christmas Mass. During all day has Mass and families go together and pray to Jesus for their families and thanks by the year ending. After we pray in Mass the second thins is go to our houses to prepare the house the food and the gifts for the midnight. For us Brazilians midnight is an important celebration. It is on this occasion that we really celebrate the Christmas. We invite our family to come at 9 00pm when is 12 00am the family become to around the food and praying together. In my home every year one different person chooses a passage from the Bible to read. Then my father does a prayer. After that we pray together and finally we distribute the gifts and have dinner. This celebration extends for all night. After the traditions we dance we play with family and friends that are come for enjoying with us. The third thing that we do is the Christmas lunch on the 25th. Before the lunch some families members go again to church to pray one more time to Jesus. Normally we eat the food of the last night and the family prepares other kinds of food that is not traditional for Christmas but is traditional in our custom like seafood. The Christmas lunch is all day with family and friends coming for celebration Christmas and also distributes more gifts. Finally how the Brazil is a religious and festive country and also we like celebrate the festivals the Christmas days in Brazil means the spirit of Jesus and a friendly holiday that people come from far to celebrate together with Christmas Mass Christmas dinner and Christmas lunch. Who is far of their families call each other wishing a merry Christmas and a good next year with health and happiness.
