The spring festival The spring festival takes place at the end of the Chinese lunar calendar. The festival traditionally begins on the first day of the first month in the Chinese calendar and ends with Lantern festival which is on the 15th day. Everything in the street looks new but it seems to be less crowed than usual. This special holiday holds for remembering the last year and celebrating the year to come. But some sociologists believe that we are disappearing the spirit of the spring festival. Getting together hanging out with family or friends and playing with fireworks are the main activities. Summary what the accomplishment you have done and what you wish to do in the future. Getting together is the main spirit of the spring festival . With the economy development many people from villages or poor cities get jobs in metropolies which may be far from their homelands. They will try their best to go home at spring festival even though the transportation is awful. Meanwhile people overseas always participates in folk activities to celebrate the Day. Visiting friends giving a gift such as a cake to relatives and presenting lucky money to kids are the most interesting pleasure . A new appearance sometimes means we can revive from sad past. People will pour out their money to buy presents decoration material food and clothing. It is also the tradition that every family thoroughly cleans the house to sweep away any ill fortune in hopes to make way for good incoming luck. Staying in the city for a long time is boring to young people . Therefore enjoying a trip or joining a party near the suburbs is a very popular choice for them. Fireworks play an important role on these days. On the first day we celebrate the new year that is coming by playing with sparklers . On the fourth day we play fireworks for praying to a budda who distribute fortune to people by an older legend. There are different traditional customs in different parts of China but the whole family having reunion dinner together in the New Year Eve is indispensable. The long holiday lasts for about 2 weeks . Similar to the importance of the Christmas Day for the westerners the Spring Festival is the most important celebration for Chinese people. When the celebration ends everyone goes back to work . What else can we do except enjoy fun . Ancient chinese people prayed for good luck because of endless war. What should we pray for nowadays
