Eid Aldaha is a special holiday for the Muslims people. This holiday started long ago with the story between Abraham and his son ANON_NAME_0. Nowadays the Muslims do as Abraham did. At the end of the Muslim calendar some Muslim people go to Makah it is a big city in the west of Saudi Arabia to do Hajj. Many Muslims are like to stay at home to celebrate. There are many events in the holiday but the interesting events are meeting after the Muslim people pray slaughtering sheep and helping the poor people. First there is special prayer for the Eid Aldaha around 6 A. M. After the people pray they go to the place of meeting. The people who living in my country are like to go to the home of the oldest person in the family but some of them have farm and celebrate there. Usually they start drinking coffee and talking about the story of holiday history. When all the family meet in home or farm they start the real event of the holiday. The second holiday event is slaughtering the sheep. Before the holiday starts anyone has money buy the sheep should buy some to eat and give some to the poor people. Usually they put the sheep in the place of holiday and some of Muslim start to slaughter the sheep the first day some of them start the second day. In my home around 8 A. M in first day we start to slaughter the sheep. All my family in or close to the place of slaughter and we help each other except some of the women who do not like look at the blood. After that we stay in dining room and wait for delicious meat. The third event is helping the poor . The poor are Important part of the Muslim living. Every Eid Aldaha Muslim must give one third of the sheep to the poor people. Usually the children distribute the meat to the poor people because we want to teach them to help anyone who needs help. In Conclusion Eid Aldaha has interesting events and it is remember all the Muslims the story between Abraham and his son. The most important in the holiday are the family visit each other the events in the holiday morning and remember the Muslim to help the poor.
