Eid Al Adha Every culture has a celebration or holiday. However the Muslim people have two unique holidays. These two holidays made by God Allah. In fact these more special to all the Muslim over the world for praying to God Allah and doing every thing wanted or said in the Quran or during his massengers to get forgiveness and mercy from the God Allah . One of them is called Eid Al Adha. It's very important to all Muslims and I'll describe a preparation and the day of the holiday. Initially ten days before the holiday the Muslim people start preparing. Some of the Muslim prepare by do many things to get ready to go to Mecca and others stay at home. The people want to go to Mecca. They buy one kind of clothes simple white clothe is called Ihram because all people the same no different between rich people white people or black people. All the family and friends come to the home to say goodbye to the person who want to go to Mecca. On the other hand people who stay at home start to prepare to buy a few things like a new clothes gifts and candy. Also they clean paint and order every thing at home. At the day of holiday people in Mecca come from all over the world to do many things. For instance white clothe Ihram are worn in this day. When you see this show you feel very happy and you like to join these people every year. Also All Muslims in Mecca or at home go to the Mosque Masjed for prayer supplication and thinking God Allah for all the blessing they have received. After that they leave from Masjed to buy some kind of a domestic animal like sheep cattle etc. These animal are being slaughter to thank Allah. In fact All Muslims at this time remember the prophet Abraham when he sacrifices his son when Allah ordered him. In addition these animal are being slaughter divided into three parts. One of these parts is for poor and needy people the second part is for family and friends the last part is for me. At home everyone visits his family and neighbors. The children on this day visit the relatives and get some candy and money. To summarize All Muslims make to get ready for the holiday. Trying to help each other and every one should enjoy on this day.
