Chinese New Year's Eve When it comes to the Chinese New Year we do not use the western calendar but we use the lunar calendar. Therefore Chinese New Year is usually in January or February in western calendar. In the Chinese New Year we usually have five days off and the whole family gets together and does a lot of things at that time. In Chinese New Year's eve we will buy a lot of cookies in Dihua Street in the morning. All of the stores in that street sell similar cookies. We will start at the first store and it is free to taste cookies and nuts. Every salesclerk says hi to us when we stand in front of their store and asks us to try their products. Usually the price at the first store is the most expensive so we will keep walking and tasting at the next store until we find the price and the quality that we are satisfied with. After dinner it is time to get cash gifts which are in the red envelopes. Every children loves this moment. But it is not that easy to get the gift. At first you need to say some greeting words to the elders such as I wish you will become rich and healthy forever. Second you have to sing a song or play some instruments. It depends on what you are good at. Finally you can get the cash gift in its red envelope. When all the children get red envelopes the elders will start to play mahjong. This gambling game plays with four people. Everyone gets 16 cards in the beginning and we have to make them into pairs. Three card in the same color or in a row number. The left two cards should be in the same color. We play the cards clockwise. We take another card and then throw out the card that we do not need. The first one who makes his or her card in order is the winner. This game takes a lot of time but it is good for us brain because we have to memorize and guess what cards other people have. Everyone has their fun at Chinese New Year's Eve we will sit together and talk to each other. We talk about how much money we got from your red envelope how much money you won from mahjong and we also share our life together until everyone gets tired and we will call it a day.
