What a critical decision when you decided to move to anther country where everything is different! I'm always eager to pursue my education for higher degrees. That way I've accepted an offer form my college to be a member in their faculty. In addition there are several benefits for studying abroad beside having a high quality education. Studying overseas will expand my knowledge about others cultures and will improve my English if I study in native country because English became a global language. It is the only way to communicate with people in all over the world. In fact the United States is one of the best place to achieve my goal. There are serial of events to be in Pittsburgh and in front this screen. First of all I made an initial research about the universities over the U. S. After I've had been looking for a perfect program can accomplish my objects for several months I found it University of Pittsburgh. After that I started doing paper work to finish all the requirements. Finally I have penalty of time to pack my staff and be prepared to leave. As any usual starting I made an initial research to find a prefect program that achieve my goals. I stared looking for it over the Internet and I asked some of my professors who have experiences in this field and which programs form their point of view that capable of accomplishing what I need. I took recommendations also from who are studying here in the U. S. After evaluating all information I had I made a decision for going Pittsburgh. Beside the outstanding program I found also Pittsburgh from one of most livable cities. Later on I started long processes of papers work. Starting form the application for the university and waiting for one month until getting my I 20. After that I applied for a visa which took one month to recieved it. In general the paper work were not exhusting if I compatied with what I expected. Finally I have nothing to do expect packing my laggages and be prepared to leave. In fact this is the hardest period not because the tasks that I spposed to do it. The hardest aspect was the thinking about the leaving it self how much I will miss my family and my friends In general There were a long serial of events until being in Pittsburgh. Starting from making couple research through finishing paper work and finally packing my staff and thinking about leaving. To be honos all that event are not important as mush as the first decision!
