If someone ask me what is the good way to study English I definitely recommend to go abroad. I've been always wanted to be fluent in English. At the begining it was just feeling that it's going to be fun if I communicate people when I travel. But day by day my feeling has changed and begun to think that I would like to get job using English. I went to English school while I was working. In spite of paying lots of money my improvement was little by little. So at a long time in 2009 I decided to study abroad and aquire English skill effectively. And this is a story about how I came to Pittsburgh. At fist I started to select the country. There are lots of countries which speak English as a first language the U. S the U. K Ireland Canada etc. The U. K and Ireland were very attractive because I've never been there. But as I was researching I knew that the cost is very expensive and the weather in winter is freezing. So I decided to visit there after I obtain English. I wanted to study the ESL school which is related to the university because I thought these schools were more advanced than other private schools. So when I compared to the U. S and Canada I could make a decision soon because there were a lot of schools which connect to the university in the U. S. And then I researched on choosing schools. I used Internet to look up tuition stay fee weather and atmosphere. Although there were variety of information I couldn't make a decision. Because it was not live voices. So I emailed some universities to make contacts and asked some typical questions. It was easier to decide the school after I got reply mail. Some university replied me with message which was made already and the University of Pittsburgh was very kind. That's the reason I chooesd this university!! As soon as I selected university I began to start to prepare such as Visa money get information where I live and fright booking. Though I was very busy it was very enjoyable and exciting! Now I'm in Pittsburgh and am writing this essay. Although I have a lot of homework every day I really enjoy days. Studying abroad is not only way to aquire English skill. But if you go fly to world and learn English and feel energy you can get some bonus like precious experiences in addition to English skills!!
