Eid Al Fitr Eid Al Fitr is an Islamic holiday. Muslims celebrate this day after fasting during the holy month of Ramadan. The purpose of this is to thank Allah for giving us the strength to obey his commands. A lot of arrangements are made by Muslims beforehand. To celebrate this holiday Muslims wear new clothes decorate their homes give gifts to family and friends and also pray. One way of celebrating this holiday is by wearing new clothes. The Muslim men wear white garments to spread peace while the women wear new clothes. The women also apply henna on their hands along with bangles and other accessories to go along with their new clothes. Children also take part in this festival by wearing new clothes and playing games. Another way of celebrating Eid Al Fitr is by decorating your house in a special way. This special way creates a feeling of happiness that is seen among all family members during the festival of Eid. Besides decorating the homes the markets also remain open and decorated on the occasion of Eid for all the Muslims to do their shopping. Giving gifts is also part of the holiday. Eid is the festival when all the children have a real fun time as they get gifts clothes sweets and love from all their loved ones. Children also make special handmade Eid Greetings for all their friends. They also notice the Eid traditions that their parents take part in and they are also excited to do the same when they grow up. Furthermore Eid Al Fitr in Saudi Arabia is celebrated by praying. During the first morning of the festival the Muslim people gather at mosques from all corners of the world. There we face towards Mecca which is the holy city of the Muslims. There we offer prayers showing our gratefulness to our lord Allah. Eid Al Fitr is one of the best days of the year. It brings the moment of happiness and good spirits for every Muslim family around the world as they wear new clothes decorate their homes give gifts to family and friends and pray. It is a festival during which Muslims spread the feelings of love and peace forgetting their old problems and troubles with one another. The victory of the good over the evil forces is celebrated during this time.
