THE DAY OF THE DEAD The Day of the Dead is a special holiday within the Mexican culture that has it origins in ancestral times. This holiday is celebrated in Mexican families on November 2nd of every year. In order to remember the dead relatives this day is celebrated by Mexicans. Families are excited with the planning and arrangements that it goes in this day. People especially enjoy the shopping the preparation of the altars and the visit to the cemetery. The arrangements for this day begin a few weeks before actual day. First one person buys everything that will be needed. For example the ingredients for the dishes are purchased. In addition they buy some flowers candles and typical candy that are made just on this day. Traditionally the shape of the candy is like a skull in allusion to the Day of the Dead. Second the altars are adorned with the flowers the typical candy and the preferred dishes of their dead relatives. The altar has a special meaning in the Mexican tradition. It means an offering to the dead relatives. It is believed that dead relatives come home on this day. They are welcomed to the altar with an offering for them to enjoy. It is a tradition to set the altars on the dining room table. This is the place in the house to receive the guests. Most people put some pictures of their dead relatives on the altar. Also the candles are lit on the altar. The reason the candles are lit it so that the dead relatives use it to guide their way home on this holiday. Finally families go to the cemetery to visit the graves of their dead relatives. When they arrive to the cemetery they buy some flowers to adorn the graves. Families spend a few minutes cleaning the grave. After that a moment of silence is observed as a sign of respect to their dead relatives. Meanwhile the family says a prayer to them. This holiday is not a sad day. It could seem that it is sad but it is not. Mexican families spend this day with emotion because they are receiving their dead relatives from the dead. After the visit to the cemetery the families return to their houses. Then they enjoy and share the meal as a family. It is as if the dead relatives were seated with them at that moment. It is a moment of happiness. In conclusion great anticipation planning and celebration go into the day long event. All the shopping the arrangements to set the altar and the visit to the dead relatives graves is one way that Mexicans celebrate this unique holiday. If you have the opportunity to visit Mexico on this day you will enjoy the Day of the Dead and all its tradition.
