Chinese Festival If you want to attend a big holiday in Taiwan you should participate in the Chinese Festival. The day is on the late day of the lunar of every year. People want to throw away the worst things or awful feelings in their lives and look forward to bring luck for everyone. People prepare for this holiday by preparing food gathering of family and holding the ancestors' ritual. During the Chinese Festival some kinds of food need to be prepared. Many foods have a good meaning such as fish vegetables and a pastry made of the flour of glutinous rice. The fish imply that is getting more and more intelligent. Then vegetables are represented to live a long time. In addition the pastry means growing and heath. If you eat it that means good luck for you. When we prepare ready these foods a reunion is starting. On that day the whole families got together. Even if they settled in faraway places the people always go back to their home. In my family sit together and eat food on that day in the evening and children express good wishes to our parent and to our elders. I am happy that my parent and the elders always prepare red bags for me and the children. The red bags represent a blessing in the future. People got together to bless everyone with health and happiness. It is important to hold a ritual for ancestors and prepare offerings for our elders have dead people about traditional culture of Taiwan. The ritual is took place in people' homes or on an altar. We spent a lot of time about preparing offerings and thought many ideas in the altar to decorate for the ancestors. The offerings such as fruit chicken pork fish and vegetable for ancestors that the purpose is that make ancestors be happy. The decoration of the ritual is necessarily including candles flowers and money for the ancestors that look like a new house. We pray that the ancestor and the elders will bring happiness and health for us. Preparing food getting together and holding a ceremony for the ancestors those things preparation are the best aspects of the Chinese Festival in Taiwan. The opportunity of preparation makes you understand the traditional Taiwan culture quickly. You should not be hesitated to come to Taiwan and you can experience this big holiday for yourself. The preparation activity make you add knowledge in your life and moreover realize the culture of Taiwan.
