Eaid AL Fiter Celebration The religion celebration is most significant for those who participate in that religion. Indeed it's more respectable from other religions and nations. However the Islam religion has many wonderful occasions such as AL Haj Ramadan and the after Ramadan Ead AL Fiter. Moreover The celebration contain many preparation it can be contain with religion requires or it can be physical require. I would like to introduce Ead AL Fiter in three main process they are prepare before the celebration what we do during the celebration and what is the benefits of that celebration. Before the celebration all The celebrants bay new clothes to wear it in Eaid AL fiter but the poor people how do they celebrate . The answer is the GOD wisdoms he Imposed on us to help these poepol so we have to contributor to them to celebrate with Celebrants. However the family s also discuss where will be celebration. Usually the celebrate at more pleasures in family homes such as grandfather or grandmother The second aspect of Eaid Al fiter is during the celebration. In the morning of Ead Al Fiter We started from sunset with the pray. The image in that situation is the people wear their new traditional clothes and the emotions involve a lot of Happiness and peaceful. The significant aspect is thanks to the God finished the holy month of Ramadan and we are in good faith and health. However the celebrants start to move from the mosque to their relative and they hang out together until night. The last aspect is the benefits from the Ead AL fiter. In fact the benefits involve many aspects such as religions social so the religions contain thankful to the GOD and asking him forgiveness. The other aspects is the social and how the relationship become more refreshing between them. In summary the celebration of Ead AL fiter one of the most important occasion in the Islam religion and they have a lot of preparation benefits and more activity during the calibration . Indeed it's a good opportunity if can see such as this celebration.
