The last book which I read was Out of Captivity written by Marc Gonzalves Keith Stansel and Tom Howes which is a book that takes place in the Colombian Jungle and the book is based on their story. They were three Americans who were working for an American Company whose objective is to exterminate cocaine plantations in the jungle of Colombia . They were doing their job but one day their helicopter had a failure and landed in the middle of the jungle in Colombia. They were kidnapped by the FARC which is a Colombian guerrilla whose main business now is to send cocaine to consumer countries like USA and Europe and they were in charge of the kidnapping. They are very bad people whose initial objective was to obtain a more equal distribution of wealth in Colombia but that was in the 60's and now it's not true they are a terrorists group that cultivate cocaine and do many bad things to the civilians. Out of captivity is based in their experience in the middle of the jungle with the guerilla who did bad things to them and others civilian for example they needed to walk for around 40 days in the middle of the jungle and off course they had many illness and the guerrilla denied the needed medicines for them. They were in the jungle for 6 years but one day the Colombian army had a very good plan called Operacion Jaque and Colombian army freed 15 kidnapped people the operation was perfect there was not one bullet fired. The Colombian army fooled the guerrilla by dressing up as civilian mission which was there to help pick up proof of life of the kidnapped but when they arrived in the helicopter mission two of the guerrilla leaders went with the kidnapped and when the helicopter took off the bad guys were immobilized after that the helicopter landed in a safe area and the kidnapped people were finally free! The guerilla now is weak and the safety in Colombia has improved a lot thanks to our current president so we have now a beautiful country safer and we hope the guerrilla is defeated completely in the near future. People usually think of our country in bad terms but most of the Colombian people are good people good workers and very smart. We know our country is very pretty but we need some help from the first world countries which are consuming cocaine because if the people stop the use of cocaine all the cocaine plantation the Colombian jungle will disappear.
