Name ANON_NAME_0 Last Name . Level 4 Course Writing Homework Page 39 Ex. 5 Eid Alfetr Festival Muslim countries have two main festivals. One of these is called EID ALFETR that usually takes place for three days after Ramadan month every year. This festival happens once a year and we do not have an exact date for this since it varies from year to year. Furthermore the exact dates of Islamic holidays cannot be determined in advance due to the nature of the Islamic lunar calendar. Before this occasion most people prepare for it in advance. On that day people gather together to participate in many ways of celebration according to their culture and traditions. To get ready for this celebration most people begin preparing ten days before the festival. Therefore all the owners of the shops do their best by bringing the modern and new goods to meet all the needs of the family. By the sunset of the last day of the holy month of Ramadan a lot of things should be done and prepared perfectly. So people go shopping with their family to buy new clothes sweets food fireworks and gifts for the feast. At sunrise of the first day people go to mosque to pray the EiD prayer. Then people start visiting their relatives whereas the others celebrate in the street with their neighbors and then go to visit their relatives. Usually relatives gather together in the grandfather's house. Moreover parents share with their children in the joyfulness and distribute money and gifts. The next day of the festival the activities are totally different from the first day. For instance most families prefer to go to the garden and have the entertainment by setting off their fireworks and eating barbeque. Other families enjoy travelling to other cities to visit their relatives in different regions. By the sunset of the third day the celebration ends and most families go back to their house. In fact all Muslims are waiting for this great occasion eagerly. In brief this festival is a favorite among Muslims and one of the festivals not to be missed.
