Effects of El Nino phenomenon Last February the east Coast area of the US including Pittsburgh had record breaking snows. AFP reported that an expert commented on El Nino as a one of the key factor of these heavy snows AFP 2010 . This news indicated how El Nino has great impact on our lives. Actually these days El Nino is a key phenomenon to explore weathers of all area on Earth. Originally the word El Nino was used by Chilean fishermen to express the rising of the ocean temperature which happens in every Christmas season near Chili coast. The word El Nino which means The Boy or The Child in Spanish was connected with its appearance season. Nowadays El Nino phenomenon usually means the temperature rising in the wide area of the east Pacific Ocean surface repeating each several years. If so why does the sea temperature at the opposite side of Earth related to our life El Nino looks unrelated with our life by a simple thought. However El Nino first affects to ocean and atmosphere condition around equator and it results in weather changes around the world and finally we get effect from El Nino. At first El Nino phenomenon changes the conditions of both Pacific and Indian Ocean and atmosphere around the equator. In normal condition the trade wind which is a constant wind blowing from east to west moves warm sea surface water from east to west around the Pacific ocean of the equator. However when El Nino is occurring the Trade wind becomes weaker than usual year. The weak tread wind moves less warm water to west so in the east Pacific Ocean sea surface temperature becomes higher than that of usual year. Warm water causes warm air over the sea and it results in lower atmosphere pressure. On the other hand in west Pacific Ocean and Indian Ocean sea temperature becomes lower and atmosphere pressure becomes higher than usual condition. Thus El Nino causes the change of the pattern of both sea temperature and atmosphere pressure in the Pacific and Indian Ocean. Moreover change of the atmosphere pressure pattern weakens the Tread wind again. As a result difference of temperature at small area of the west Pacific Ocean changes the status of ocean and atmosphere in more wide range. As the next step the effects of El Nino turn into weather in not only the equatorial area but also middle latitude areas. These weather changes are caused in many ways. For example in usual condition warm air around the east equatorial Pacific Ocean cause rainfalls near Indonesia. However under the El Nino condition the area of rainfalls shifts to west because of distribution of warm water shift to west. Moreover weathers in middle latitude areas get effect by more complex way. For example Jet streams which have strong influences on weather in middle latitude areas changes those route and strength because of ocean and atmosphere status around the equator. For example because polar jet stream tends to becomes stronger and locate in southerly under the influence of El Nino increasing of snowfall may be anticipated in the southwest area of the U. S. In an El Nino year. In addition El Nino may cause increased rainfall around California because of storm track which is also changed by El Nino. Finally unusual weathers caused by El Nino affect our life in many aspects. For example as many ELI students know heavy snows in Pittsburgh result in 3 break days of Pitt and additional many troubles such as slippery sidewalk and additional classes for make up. However weather changes will cause more serious impact for human such as poor harvest nature disaster and human health. WHO explains how El Nino endangers people's health. For example in 1983 heavy rainfall in Ecuador Peru and Bolivia caused by El Nino resulted in serious malaria epidemic. El Nino during the 1991 1992 caused Hurricane Andrew which is the most expensive natural disaster although hurricane activity usually reduces in El Nino year WHO 2000 . Of course El Nino will have also good effects. For example as already mentioned usually hurricane activity reduces in El Nino year in the U. S. In conclusion although El Nino effects are highly complex El Nino indeed affects our lives. Unfortunately t is still impossible to predict exact effects of El Nino due to its complexity. However one day it will become possible to do more correct weather prediction and it becomes more important to consider what we can do to reduce damage of El Nino and prevent miseries. AFP. 2010 February 5 . El Ni
