War is a real problem in our world. War brings devastation to a country. The impact of war on the environment and human health is serious. Due to the war thousands of people became refugees that left behind their land probably never to return. Refugees suffer from a severe famine bad education and violent crime. First of all refugees are suffering from famine. They cannot be farming because their countries were devastated by constant warfare. So many of the child and the elderly people are dying in battlefield and refugee village due to famine. When I went to Afghanistan for mission trips a couple of years ago the child was shivering with cold and hunger. Afghanistan is the most dangerous place in the world for a child to be born. I felt a deep sadness when I saw them who are suffering from starving. Second refugees have poor educational environment. According to an old Korean saying an education for the child is more worth than one thousand of gold. In other words an education is the most important thing for the future. In countries which are in the long civil war or a war with others the child doesn't have little chance for education. Women had even been banned from education in Afghanistan. Since the child is the future generation of this country they should have the right to be educated. Thus education is essential for people who are suffering from war. Third refugees are exposed to the danger. So they shake with anxiety about violent crime such as homicides attempted murder all assaults all sexual offences abduction and robbery. No one can guarantee their safeness. When I was in Afghanistan a lot of crimes like robbery and terror are being committed and the Taliban committed war crimes by targeting civilians including killing teachers abducting aid workers and burning school buildings. In conclusion war has a bad effect to people. It makes a lot of refugees and makes them unhappy. Refugees are suffering from famine they can't receive an education well and they are hard pressed to be exposed violent crime. They are feeling our love and help. Our love and attention for refugees will help them happy. Like little things add up to big things every little effort will count.
