Effect of using technology in hospital Technology plays vital and very important rule in our lives. Almost all sectors now rely on this technology. Although it can be difficult for some counties to utilize this technology in all parts of their jobs others try to implement this concept in small area to enhancement the quality and productivity. Since the internet was invented in 1957 the demand to use the computers are also increase . With time we can see this technology almost touch every field especially that jobs that need to work on large scale as well as a lot of effort . For example transportation building and production factories. Recently hospitals stat to adapt this concept as part of their critical job. For instance to decrease the cost to minimize the medical error and to connect the patient with their hospital as well as other hospitals. Using the technology can remarkably decrease the cost. One of the most efficient using of technology in the inventory. Hospitals like other companies need to request some equipment and other medical supplies . However some of them can expired because decreasing demand on it during some seasons. For examples medication with short live which is used in critical situation consider the most expensive medication Can expired and that could cost much money. But by using the technology we could predict our utilization and demands depend on statistics that perform . As result the stock will be go parallel with demand and no extra medication will left . Substitute the employees by some kind of machines can show decrease in cost . Although it need a lot money to establish this concept in the beginning the result in loge run will show development in minimize the cost. To illustrate the porters in the hospital who carry medication and medical record can cost a lot every . On the other hand using of programs that send the file from medical record department to other departments can save time and costs. Medical errors will minimize by using high technology in this field. Nurses now are able to monitor the patients from the nurse station. This technology can show any changes in vital signs. As result they will be alert if there are something happened to them and it will be recorded in his file. Other example Pharmacists as well as nurse can now have access to us Pixis n l care . In the same time the patients history could be generalize to other hospitals. As result good quality of medication care will be provided. For examples renal dialysis patients who need to admit to the hospital at least three time per week found difficulty to leave his town because his condition. By connected this patients to other hospitals he could enjoy his or her life and only that can be applicable by using technology to let the hospital aware about his medical condition. Other example some companies start to develop new pump that help the patients to control his case like in diabetes patients who needs insulin to maintain the blood glucose low. By this way the patient don't have to worry about the time of insulin shoots because this pump will automatically release the insulin the blood stream based on the calibration which previously set. The demand to the new technology have been increased with time . As result more field of study now try to establish new technology that serves the interests of people in different sectors. One of this is the medical sector that shows lot of development during the last decay. Decreasing of the cost as well as medical errors come in top of their priority . I believe that the technology will be get more improvement to include all side of our live.
