The decision of studying in the United States is followed by many questions and comparing processes. These are What is the best state What is a good city And Which university will I attend Beside these questions students will make comparisons between the states and cities. As for me my decision was followed by some processes such as searching issuing the visa and planning my trip. Before choosing the city that I wanted to move to I passed through some steps. First I read about the United States in order to collect some information to help me in choosing a good city. I browsed the Internet also to get more details and more specific information. I contacted some Saudi students who were studying in the United States. Then I canceled those states and cities which did not satisfy my criteria. After that I made a comparison between some cities until I reached the final decision that Pittsburgh is the best one. Finally I asked those who had been to the United States and they recommended it. After I chose the city I started the process for applying for a visa. This process requires filling out some applications and submitting them to the United States Embassy in my country. Before anything else I paid the fees for my visa. I followed the rules and I completed all the procedures. Then I made an appointment with the embassy to be interviewed by the consular officer to see if I deserve the visa or not. After successfully getting the visa I began to plan my trip. Planning my trip passed through a few steps. First I made a reservation online to travel with Saudi Airlines. I confirmed my reservation by issuing the ticket. Then I planned my temporary stay in Pittsburgh by reserving a room at one of its hotel until I rented an apartment. Finally I prepared myself well before the date of the flight. I have now arrived in Pittsburgh and I am studying at one of its greatest universities which is the University of Pittsburgh. Actually Pittsburgh is the best city for my family and me. I advise all those who want to come to the United states to follow my steps to find the best fit for them.
