STRESS RELATED FACTORS Stress is a modern life disease and is also defined as a physical and an emotional reaction of human body against different factors. Stress is a potential danger for the human body. It is not only an individual but also a universal problem. Everybody can be affected by stress. However stress is related to a lot of factors. We can separate these factors as internal and external factors. When human body is under stress some hormones such as adrenalin cortisol and serotonin are released in the human body. These hormones which are related with internal factors and can cause high blood pressure irregular heart rates flushing anxiety and headaches. Some researchers had demonstrated that if the person is under stress for a long time stress can trigger chronic diseases such as hypertension diabetes and cancer. Furthermore stress can change sleep mode nutritional status and eating habits negatively. However stress is related internal factors very different external factors can be related with stress. These factors can cause stress and can affect our life such as family life and job life with many different ways. A research Lazarus and Folkman 1984 at the University of California demonstrated that the daily arguments can affect us the most rather than the major life events because they occur regularly. Effects of stress in family life are very important. Stress can trigger violent and unhappiness in the family. Especially kids can be affected from family's stress negatively. Researchers say that kids who are under the family stress come across to more illness than other kids without stress. Stress can decline kids' immune system. Stress can affect kids' psychological mental and physical developments negatively. In addition our work life can be affected by many different external ways of stress. Sometimes work life gives us stress such as job displeasure working too many hours or too many jobs. Sometimes person can be a resource of stress in the job life. If we feel high dose of stress at job our boss and colleagues would like to stay away from us. Stress can affect our coordination and job performance negatively and we can lose our job easily. High dose of stress effects our life negatively but sometimes little dose of stress can improve our life positively. It can increase our performance and can help to achieve our goals. But much more stress can give us attention deficit and lack of coordination. Consequently we know life is stressful. If we want to live a long life we can take to minimize the internal and external effects of stress. If we want to be happy and healthy we should stay away effects of high dose of stress. We should use little dose of stress as an activator to continue our targets
