The Effects of Class Size Reduction Class size reduction program is a movement that reduces the number of students per teacher in a regular classroom. The program which had been conducted by several states since the end of 1980s started nationwide by Clinton government in 1999. The purpose of this program is to improve student achievement by reducing class size into 18 20 students per teacher. Having passed 10 years the positive effects on both teachers and students have turned up. First teachers can get to know each student better and provide more considerate attention. More than 30 students had been arranged to a teacher before this program started. Under this circumstance teacher couldn't afford to take care of each student. However with the ratio decreasing teacher can provide more attention to each student. Perceiving the students deeply and better is important because it is helpful to treat each student in the proper way. Also it contributes to make a close relationship between teachers and students. If a student feel that he or she is intimate with the teacher it is easier to talk about difficulties with the teacher. Second in terms of instruction optimistic result is considerable. Reducing size of class means that teachers can use time more effectively to smaller group of students. According to Halback's research SAGE The Wisconsin Student Achievement Guarantee in Education teachers observed that increased instructional time enables them to delve deeper into subject matter which leads to higher achievement. They also stated that covering the contents in more depth helps students had a better and deeper understanding of concepts. Halback Ehrle Zahorik Molnar 2001 Positive effects were shown to not only teachers but also students. It is considered that positive results mentioned above influenced to students. Since school is operated by interaction between teachers and students every phenomenon cannot turn up just one side. And the effects on both sides would contribute one of the ultimate purposes of school to improve student achievement. For the students they are able to have more opportunities to express their opinion as class size reduces. In other words participation is encouraged. Speaking one's opinion is helpful to students since it can bring them up to think logically and encourage them to be self confident. It also means that they can be developed mutually by sharing others' understanding. Although all students in one class listen the same contents their comprehension or reaction might be different from others. In the general classroom opinions of classmates who listen and study the same things are always helpful because sharing others' opinions and trying to understand or dispute those would make students to think more widely. Finally students can get individualized feedback from the teacher in the reduced size class. The teacher can give feedback to everyone because the total amount of time and endeavor is distributed to fewer students that is the teacher can devote more time to assess and improve individuals. Since the teacher also knows each student better and deeper the feedback would be focused to each student. Individualized feedback can help each student to find one's strength and weakness to find a remedy for the problem and to be engaged in learning activities. In conclusion reducing class size has brought several optimistic results to teachers and students. As a result of it the ultimate goal of this movement which is to improve achievement has been accomplished. As you can see through it reduction class size is effective movement in spite of the large investment of funds and time which were devoted to this program. However reduction cannot solve most of problems ultimately. For the cumulative effects of it additional time and experience are needed of course. However more important thing is the self improvement of teachers. Teacher must teach in various ways to reap the benefits of class size reduction. When it keeps continue the optimistic effects of the program would be maximized. Reference Halback. A. Ehrle. K. Zahorik. J. Molnar. A. 2001 March Class Size Reduction From Promise to Practice Educational Leadership 32 35
