How wonderful learning English abroad is! If someone wants to study abroad they will make their own plans. And the process which provides study abroad will be a very complex process. But in my case this process was totally dependent upon my husband's process. And that process took almost 10 months. My husband's company sends 2 of their employees abroad for study every year. In 2008 my husband was selected by his company. We researched how we could get admission from a university in the U. S. And which university would be most appropriate for my husband. After finishing basic research he took the TOEFL and GRE test. Even though preparing period was not enought he got a good score. Because he was very good at mathmetics and he was always studying English. When he took a GRE test we went to Japan for test. We had plan to stay in Japan for three days and he had two chance for test. Because he got a good score on first exam we could enjoy the rest of time. At that time my husband and I were very busy it was a kind of vacation like oasis in desert. Then we sent the application to approximately 10 universities. After a long waiting time he got admission from many universities. Selecting a university was the most difficult process. After much thinking we chose Carnegie Mellon University. After choosing this university we started to prepare for leaving. Receiving a VISA packing and making a flight reservation were not difficult. But at that time I had to finish my thesis. Even though due date for thesis was left almost 1 month I had to finish my thesis about one month earlier than my collegue. It was the busiest day of my life. Because I had to finish my thesis and I had to do work. I had to quit my job which I worked for 10 years but I don't have time to felt grief. I quit my job the day before leaving! That process was a long and hard period for my husband and me. Even though this process was not easy I am now here. Learning English in the U. S. Is a kind of present for me because it's not an expected opportunity for me.
