If someone asks me what is a good way to study English I definitely recommend that they go abroad. I've always wanted to be fluent in English. At the begining of my interest it was just a feeling that it's going to be fun if I communicate with people when I travel. But day by day my feeling has changed and I have begun to think that I would like to get a job using English. I went to English school while I was working. In spite of paying lots of money my improvement was not great. So at long last in 2009 I decided to study abroad and aquire effective English skills. And this is the story about how I came to Pittsburgh. At first I started to select the country. There are lots of countries which speak English as a first language the U. S the U. K Ireland Canada etc. The U. K and Ireland were very attractive because I've never been there. But as I was researching I knew that the cost is very expensive and the weather in winter is freezing. Because of this I decided to visit there after I obtain English. I wanted to study at an ESL school which is related to a university because I thought these schools were more advanced than other private schools. So when I compared the U. S and Canada I could make a decision soon because there were a lot of schools which are connected to the universities in the U. S. Then I researched choosing schools. I used the Internet to look up tuition cost of living school and city sizes weather and atmosphere. Although there was a variety of information I couldn't make a decision because it was not a live voice giving me direction. So I emailed some universities to make contacts and asked some typical questions. It was easier to decide on the school after I got reply mail. Some universities replied with messages which were automatic but the University of Pittsburgh was very kind. That's the reason I chooesd this university!! As soon as I selected a university I began to prepare for a Visa money additional information where to live and booking a flight. In addition as I needed to quit my job I talked with my boss explained and made a direction paper of my work. Though I was very busy it was a very enjoyable and exciting time! Now I'm in Pittsburgh and am writing this essay. Although I have a lot of homework every day I really enjoy my days. Even if it's a small thing like opening my account at a bank makeing a Giant Eagle card and taking buses for me everything is brand new and exciting. Studying abroad is not the only way to aquire English skills. But if you go fly around the world and learn English and feel energetic you can get some bonus like precious experiences in addition to English skills!!
