How I Came To Pittsburgh The best way to learn good English is to study at abroad in a country that speaks English. I always expected to study abroad finally I got an excellent opportunity to achieve my target. There were three main steps before I came to Pittsburgh internet search pay deposit and transfer visa. First I heard about the ELI from my friend and I was excited to check information about the ELI online. Initial I compared several different schools and I analyze qualities of schools. I found out the ELI classes and qualities are very attractive to me so I consider the ELI as the best choice for improving English ability. And then I talked to my family about my decision. They were completely supportive me studying in the ELI because its an excellent English program and the perfect environment to studying English. Next I filled out an application form online paid 50 dollars application fee. After one week I received a letter from ELI office They send direction about my application progress and transfer school. After I prepared bank statement and high school diploma etc. I located the ELI and handed the documents in face to face. When I came to the office I also paid two hundred dollars as a deposit. Finally I brought a transfer form from my previous school to transfer my visa to the ELI. They agreed to let me transfer to the ELI and they will handled everything after I signed the transfer form. When I finish transfer process I am part of the ELI and I really enjoyed the interesting activities. Before the semester begin I am really busy freshman I paid the tuition get my student ID. I begin to prepare my new semester I bought text book go to school orientations and meet new classmates tried to get familiar with the Cathedral Learning Building aware of not get lost in the significant building. Now I am studying in the ELI I just follow these easy processes make my dream come true internet search pay deposit and transfer visa. I really appreciate the fact that I have such a good chance to study here. The ELI classes are really good influence of my learning English. And I am aware of that the ELI is my best choice in American.
