What a critical decision its when you decide to move to another country where everything is different! I'm always eager to pursue my education for higher degrees. That's why I've accepted an offer form my college to be a member of their faculty. In addition there are several benefits for studying abroad beside having a high quality education. Studying overseas will expand my knowledge about others cultures and will improve my English if I study in a native country because English has become a global language. It is the only way to communicate with people all over the world. In fact the United States is one of the best places to achieve my goal. There is a series of events to be in Pittsburgh and in front this screen. First of all I did initial research about the universities around the U. S. After I had been looking for a perfect program to accomplish my objects for several months I found it the University of Pittsburgh. After that I started doing paper work to finish all the requirements. Finally I have plenty of time to pack my stuff and prepare to leave. As with any start I did plenty initial research to find a prefect program that achieves my goals. I started looking for it on the Internet and I asked some of my professors who have experiences in this field which programs from their point of view offer what I need. I took recommendations also from people who are studying here in the U. S. After evaluating all information I had I made a decision to go to Pittsburgh. It was the most stressful part because this critical decision will has impact on the rest of my life. Besides the outstanding program I also found Pittsburgh is one of the most livable cities. Later on I started the long process of paper work. Starting form the application for the university and waiting for one month until getting my I 20 until applying for a visa which took one month to receive. In general the paper work was not exhausting if I compared to what I expected. Finally I had nothing to do expect pack my luggage and be prepared to leave. In fact this is the hardest part but not because the task that I was supposed to do. The hardest aspect was thinking about leaving itself and how much I will miss my family and my friends and what the emotional moment when I say last word goodbye to them will be!! In conclusion there was a long series of events until I arrived in Pittsburgh. Starting from doing research through finishing paper work and finally packing my stuff and thinking about leaving. To be honest all those events are not as important as the first decision!
