Evolution Valley An Amazing Experience Last summer I was in Loyalton California. We wanted to explore this area of the country. Moreover it would be my first backpacking in the USA. This was a fantastic experience in my life. Next August I again will go to California and I will repeat this adventure. In this paper I will explain some details about my second backpacking in Evolution Valley. I chose Evolution Valley because this place has an interesting and marvelous geography. The name of this region for me is very interesting. The most interesting aspect is that I imagine this area as a place in which whole of nature is modifying continually. It is a region in which the nature is changing. Like the river in Heraclitus Evolution Valley is a initial world that will fascinate my eyes with this natural spectacle. Walking in Evolution Valley will be an exciting experience. I will go with my friend Dan. He is an excellent guide in California. Last backpacking he demonstrates the extraordinary skills for directing us in this zone. Also Dan is a nice company because he is interested about academic subjects. This is great. Reading and discussing some academic topics in Evolution Valley will be wonderful. Reading will be relaxing and stimulating in this adventure. Then in addition we will read relevant books obviously we will read poetry because Dan likes American poetry very much. Last summer we read poetry by Stevens. This backpacking will achieve to improve my knowledge in several areas. This is another reason to enjoy of this experience. We will do many things some yet to anticipate. But let me explain why reading be will a gorgeous experience in this adventure. I always enjoy to read outside. I think that a blue sky and the energy of the sun are the best cooperation for rethink new concepts. This unusual method of reading implies different factors. But I only want to indicate that some relevant philosophers in the western philosophical tradition have said that the importance of a natural environment for obtaining our goals or targets. Some ancient philosophical resources about this subject remark that reading and walking are a spiritual exercise. For instance Aristotle y his pupils called peripatetic recommended walking and talking about philosophy. Then this backpacking will be a pretext for acquiring more knowledge and asses our skills for surviving outside with a few things. In conclusion I will enjoy this incredible adventure and will try to cooperate for achieving our goal a relaxing and unforgettable summer time because in summer time the living is easy.
