Information Name Song Name of program episode compulsion of Criminal Minds Type of program Drama Location of program On the Internet Notes Agent Gideon gives a lecture to special agents. He explains how he profiled a serial footpath killer and how he got him. After the lecture even though Elle asks him the reason why the serial killer stuttered Gideon doesn't tell anything. Meanwhile serial arson happens at Bradshaw College in Arizona. On the plane the BAU team discusses the case it is likely to be done by man from 17 to 18 years old rather than woman and arsonists usually commit a crime as they loose their job or love. In the crime scene they try to analyze the case but have difficulty in profiling because the unsub seems not to be matched to common profile of arsonist. During the investigation another building is burned and a professor is killed by the fire and students whose major is chemistry tell them they want to help with informing them of the way how to make fire. They tell the agents that anyone who wants to make explosive substance can make it because the substances would be easy to get from anywhere. One female student explains how to make it with three substances. The team receives a phone call from disguised voice through a hot line which is set up to contact the unsub. The voice tell them he or she did it for 'ANON_NAME_0'. However it is revealed that the unsub said Karown not ANON_NAME_0 which is God's words in anger in Hebrew and Gideon notices that the motive of the unsub is about religion not revenge. Dr. Reid finds out there is certain signal in the arson the unsub is obsessed with number '3'. Hotch is sure who is the unsub. The unsub is a female not a male. She is one of the students who helped the team and Hotch found she was obsessed with three. Finally Hotch shoot her in her leg who tries to kill her three peers. Vocabulary Word untangle Part of speech verb Sentence from listening I untangle bureaucratic knots Definition to loose from tangles to undo string hair wire etc. That has become twisted or has knots in it. My sentence She succeeds in untangle the mystery of the carved stone. Strategies 1. To watch the movie without any help. 2. To guess the plot and the meaning of words. 3. To watch the movie with English subtitle. 4. To watch the movie without subtitle.
