Korea has about 4000 years of history. It started in 2333 B. C. In 2333 B. C on October 3rd a man whose name was Dan goon established the first country of Korea Go Jo Sun. In establishing a country we have a myth of it. It is called the myth of Dan Goon. He had a philosophy Hong Ik In Gan. This philosophy is very important to Korean. Nowaday we celebrate this holiday. Because of these aspects when Korea turned into the Republic of Korea we decided to make October 3rd a holiday and called it Gea Chun Jul. Gae Chun Jul means opening sky but the real meaning is founding a country. Once upon a time one of the gods Hwan Woong wanted to rule the human world. His father let Hwan Woong rule the human world. While Hwan Woong was managing the human world a tiger and a bear came to him and asked him to make them human. Hwan Woong accepted their suggestion and told them if they survives for 100 days with one mugwort and 20 garlics he would transform them into humans. However the tiger couldn't stand for 100 days but the bear made it. As bear survived Hwan Woong turned the bear into the human a woman. This bear's name was Woong Nyu which means female bear. She wanted to have a baby so Hwan Woong transformed him into a human and married Woong Nyu. They had a baby whose name was Dan Goon. After Dan Goon grew up he founded a country Jo Sun. The Go in Go Jo Sun means old. When he made Go Jo Sun he had a philosophy. Hong Ik In Gan is Korea's founding principle. It means something like humanitarianism. Hong means widely Ik is beneficial or advantageous In is human and Gan refer to between. Hong Ik In Gan means have or make benefit and advantage in human relationships or human lives. As the highest principle in Korea it is also one of his ideologies of education. We try to follow this philosophy and some foreigners follow this and they want the philosophy to be protected and well known. In Gae Chun Jul the most important act is hanging the national flag Tae Guk Gi. All Koreans hang the flag even stores restaurants and etc. The celebrations are all different in each area. In Seoul we have a commemorative event but it's like a show for foreigners. The local cities have more enjoyable ceremonies. On this day we don't have costumes but we decorate the whole city. Each city is different but mostly we decorate with lights and artworks. Some cities have festivals to enjoy. Gae Chun Jul is the holiday but these days the importance is decreasing. Koreans don't really care about the meaning of this day. After the 2002 world cup Koreans started to realize how important this day is and try to protect. When we didn't care about this day China tried to make a fake history which helps their history older and distort all Asian's history. Futhermore when we negotiate with other countries like U. S we has to be lower position. In Korean adage there is a word weak rooted tree can easily fall down. It means we have to know our roots and remember our roots. When we keep realizing our roots we will be more confident.
