THE FESTIVAL OF MARDI GRAS Caribbean culture is full of musical and religious celebrations. The Festival of Mardi Gras Shrove Day which takes place Tuesday prior to Easter every year is one of them. Initially French Caribbean slaves celebrated the day to start the new year. They believed that bad spirits must be hunted out of the town. Nowadays people have turned this day into a festival day and hunt bad spirits out of the city by making a lot of sounds with musical instruments. On that day families reunite and make wishes. Preparation begins two to three weeks before the holiday and finishes in apotheosis with a great musical parade across the entire city. To get ready for this celebration many things must be prepared and done. First folk bands execute choreographies and repeat songs. Next people buy rich clothes to make costumes to wear and masks to disguise the day of the carnival. Houses are decorated and painted sometimes with rich and various colors. The day of the festival local merchants play an important role. They build rich and colorful stalls display on them their merchandises which consist of colorful flowers fruits fireworks and lanterns. People buy these goods for themselves for children and for their relatives. At the sunset musicians folk bands with their orchestra and dancers begin the procession playing all kinds of music jazz samba traditional music to make a lot of sounds. People sing and dance from the afternoon until midnight. At midnight the crowning moment the effigy of Vaval representation of the bad spirits is burned. After that celebrations continue all the night to early morning hours. There are many kinds of activities and people enjoy in the entire city. The festival of Mardi Gras also begins the celebration of the holy week that ends at Easter the day of Jesus' redemption. It's the occasion for families to reunite and pray for Easter. It's also the period at which the Caribbean must be visited to benefit from the beauty of its islands enjoy the wide variety of music and get to know foods culture and the native people.
