Eid El Doha Every culture has a celebration or holiday. However the Muslim people have two unique holidays. These two holidays are made by God Allah. In fact these are more special to all the Muslims over the world for praying to God Allah and doing every thing wanted or said in the Quran or during his messengers to get forgiveness and mercy from the God Allah . One of them is called Eid El Doha. It's very important to all Muslims and I'll describe the preparation and the day of the holiday. Initially ten days before the holiday the Muslim people start preparing. Some of the Muslims prepare by doing many things to get ready to go to Mecca and others stay at home. The people want to go to Mecca approximately three million every year. They buy one kind of clothes simple white clothes which is called Ihram because all people are the same. Obviously does not different between rich people white people or black people. Furthermore All the family and friends come to the home to say goodbye to the person's who want to go to Mecca. On the other hand people who stay at home start to prepare to buy a few things like a new clothes gifts and candy. Also they cooperate to clean paint and put every thing in order at home. On the day of the holiday people in Mecca come from all over the world to do many things to achieve the best target in this life. For instance white clothes Ihram are worn in this day. When you see this scene you feel very happy and you like to join these people every year. Also all Muslims in Mecca or at home go to the Mosque Masjed for prayer supplication and thanking God Allah for all the blessing they have received. After that they leave from Masjed to buy some kind of a domestic animal like sheep cattle and other kinds of domestic animals. These animals are being slaughtered to thank Allah. In fact all Muslims at this time remember the prophet Abraham when he sacrifices his son when Allah ordered him. In addition these animals are being slaughtered and divided into three parts. One of these parts is for poor and needy people to assist them the second part is for family and friends the last part is for oneself. At home everyone visits his family and neighbors. The children on this day visit the relatives and get some candy and money. To summarize all Muslims get ready for the holiday. The Muslims culture distinguish by love each others and Muslim people have a special customs than others. Actually the Muslims acquire a good things from these holidays and every one should enjoy on these days.
