The number of words 648 The Earth's human population has grown steadily. The population in the world was estimated to be 6. 8 Billions in 2009 by the United Nations. Some anthropologists have cautioned that a rapid increase in the global population might destroy the Earth as a result of BOTH severe pollution AND food crisis. For example China's population had been rapidly increased before the 21st century and China has the world's largest population now. This population has NOT ONLY resulted in the world's fastest economic growth with cheap labor costs BUT this has ALSO brought serious problems such as the shortages of food energy and water insufficient housing facilities and poor social welfare services. The Chinese government has controlled the family size to ELIMINATE these problems since 1979. According to the one child policy the number of children married urban couples can have to only one except special cases. China's population growth has been slowed by this policy. However the average family size in many countries although they are developed or even less developed is commonly decreasing over time unlike the situation in China. The total fertility rate a measure for estimating a population growth was higher at 2. 0 In most countries but the total fertility rate kept decreasing to 1. 0 In many countries after 1980s. It means that many couples married recently have only 1 or 2 children and some parents don't have any children at all. In many countries reducing population growth steadily becomes a serious issue because it could result in slowing their economics and security. Many parents ACKNOWLEDGE that there are many advantages of having their children. For example children often positively influence on marriage life and they play a CRUCIAL role in ENHANCING the national economy in the future. Nevertheless there are three main reasons why many parents are hesitating to have many children. First one of the most important causes is that many parents are working together for living these days. They are usually in troubles at their work place due to the bringing up of children. For example some bosses may not like to hire working mothers because the boss may not ACKNOWLEDGE that a working mother cannot pour herself into the work hence the boss asks the working mother to quit working if they have too many children. In fact many working mothers have been suffering from stress as a consequence of a conflict between taking care of their children and working hard. In addition some parents in the middle class families are often reluctant to have many children because expenses for bringing up children have been increasing continuously. For instance the education expenses for many children have become too expensive for the parents to manage them. Many parents have to pay much money for the tuition until the children achieve financial independence. Some couples are also afraid that they should buy a spacious house that is enough to grow many children. Finally modern parents nowadays hate being tied down by their children. Modern parents want to enjoy their life without any restriction. However some parents having many children must have tremendous responsibilities to grow their children. Therefore they cannot enjoy their life they want because they must NOT ONLY always consider their children at first BUT ALSO spend too much time for taking care of their children. To sum up in many countries many parents are unwilling to have their children because they have some troubles in their work their household economy and their life if having many children. However a fast shrinking population will affect far reaching economics and even security thus the government must encourage many parents to have many children by giving benefits. For example the government can give various tax benefits to families with many children and guarantee mother's employment while she is pregnant. Children definitely have a lot of potential to make BOTH family AND society better in the future.
