The cause of happiness They always say begin your day with a smile. Maybe you think it's silly but you can't imagine how can your smile brightness your day and the others day. Smiling and happiness are blesses that we should appreciate but what makes us smile is the key. For me my strong relationship with God my good relationship with my family and friends and the ability to achieve my goals are three things that make me happy all the time. The most important thing to me is to build a strong relationship with God. Believing in God is the most important aspect of building that relationship. Believing that God exists and that I'm being watched over and guarded all the time make me feel safe and happy. In fact I feel very sorry for those people who don't believe in God because I know that they deprive themselves from this feeling. I know that God is there whenever I need him and that contribute with building a strong relationship with him and eventually that makes me feel happy. In addition having a good relationship with my family and friends is another cause of my happiness. There is nothing greater than surrounding yourself with people who love you no matter what. And because they love you they will support you all the time in sadness and happiness. You know that you can rely on them when you need them. It's such a blessing to have a great family and true honest friends. Nevertheless my happiness is not completed if I was not able to achieve my goals. I always plan for my life. I state my goals and I challenge myself to achieve them. It doesn't matter whether my goal is simple like finishing homework or more complicated like finding the love of my life. What matters is the ability to do it and how to do it. I can't describe my feeling when I succeed. All I know that I will not replace that feeling with anything. Success in accomplishing my goals having a strong bond with God and finding me surrounded by my family and friends are the keys of my happiness. I know that the definition of happiness is complicated and it varies from one person to another but make sure to find your own ways of happiness and hang on to them so that you live pleased forever.
