The Causes of Happiness. I find happiness doing the things that I like to do and at the same time make me feel complete and satisfied. I had noticed that happiness has different meanings for each individual and each stage of life. Sometimes as a child the simplest things can give you the biggest happiness. As an adult happiness is a challenge. We have to fight in order to find it. Happiness in my life means a good relationship with my family and friends a great job and a healthy life. The relationships with family and friends have an important role in happiness. Humans need these links everyday in their lives. Most of the time people find moments of happiness in their families and friends. Memories and shared moments can show this state. For example when those memories come to you at a sad time those memories can cause happiness. Good relationships with family and friends can be helpful in any moment of our life. Therefore we ought to cultivate them with positive emotions such as joy gratitude and love. I often try to be in touch with my family and friends. Nevertheless it is not always possible. I consider happiness as a link between yourself and your surroundings. There is another thing that produces happiness in me my job. Unfortunately now I am not working but I used to have a great job in my country. It made me feel productive confident and satisfied. Sometimes my job was stressful. Nonetheless I decided to enjoy it. Happiness is a decision. I think all the decisions that we make in our life must cause satisfaction and happiness. Due to the stressful life that we are living in these times we are not capable of enjoying our jobs as we should. A great job means that I am doing something every day that I love to do. But at the same time it represents a big challenge. The job it is not always the right place to find happiness. Due to this situation we should create a harmonic and healthy place to work in. A healthy life is considered a life style. We can create our own life style. We often omit this issue because of our occupations. If we keep our minds busy with things that we enjoy this can be a way to find happiness. We need to do some fun activities. In this way we do not to fall into depression. This condition is considered a disease. Our brain needs to produce some substances to work correctly and to prevent depression. If we are happy it means that our brain is full of them. A healthy life means that we are taking care of our mind as well as our body. Being well inside and outside of our bodies is the easiest way to have happiness in our lives. In conclusion we can find happiness in different ways. But first we have to take the decision to be happy. Good relationships with our surroundings getting a good career and taking care of ourselves are all good examples that show how we can create our own happiness. I would like to suggest that you enjoy each day of your life as if it was your last share your smile as if it was the last time that you did it and try to find every moment all the things that can cause happiness in your life.
