634Woeds Genetic Engineering of Humans The genetic engineering has been Widespread to use on plants and animals and has become a trend in the world. For examples crops like potato tomato soybean and rice are currently being genetically engineered to obtain new strains with better nutritional qualities and increased yield. Engineered seeds are resistant to pests and can survive in relatively harsh climatic conditions such as drought and flood. Engineered cows generate more milk and make leaner meat. Genetic engineering can repair animal brain after stroke. Perhaps one day scientists will do this to human beings on a large scale and this also can accelerate and improve the natural evolution process of human beings. However coins always have two sides. While genetic engineering can enhance greater quality traits in humans like treating diseases extending life spans making prepotency etc it can also have undesirable side effects. The first positive effect of genetic engineering on humans is to treat humans' diseases. Many people cannot survive from diseases and die many people suffer diverse diseases. Scientists have been working at genetic engineering and want to discover gene therapies. For example scientists found that genetic mutations can directly cause a disease or can make our bodies more susceptible to attack from viruses or can enhance humans' immune system. Gene therapies can lead to replace the dud genes with correct genes' copies and at last cure the diseases especially inherited diseases which pass from generation to generation. The second positive effect of genetic engineering on humans is to extend life spans. Most of us want to promote longevity and anti aging. The genetic engineering of humans has the potential to greatly increase our life spans. Of course gene therapy not only can treat the patient but also can modify healthy people and give them a longer life. Once scientists fully understand the genetics of ageing that may be possible to slow down ageing or reverse some of the cellular mechanisms that lead humans to die. The third positive effect of genetic engineering on humans is to have prepotency. Every parents hope to have a health intelligent child. However hereditary diseases familial traits may be inherited by next generations. Otherwise our genomes are not as good as we would like them to be. Genetic engineering has a great potential of succeeding in altering the gnomes of human beings before giving birth. The process can be used to manipulate certain traits in individuals and can eliminate negative traits. Genetic engineering will help parents to realize their eugenic plan. Humans have acquired a lot of benefits from the genetic engineering meanwhile we cannot ignore some certain side effects. We should ACKNOWLEDGE that the gene therapy may lead to other unexpected results when treating one defect. First because our bodies are a maze of complicated biological signals and interrelationships until know we have not known long term the potential risk of altering genes and a positive change upstream of the human genome could cause a negative effect downstream of the human genome. In addition genetic engineerings will GENERATE many issues such as ethical and social issues of biotech human cloning and reproductive technologies and so on. NOT ONLY critics lawmakers and media BUT ALSO scientists and publics have made intense debates which are if we were all to undergo genetic modification would this limit our genetic diversity Could there be a danger that our gene pool diminishes and that as a population we become more susceptible to being wiped out by a hitherto unknown disease threat It is CRUCIAL that BOTHhumans realize the ENHANCEMENT of the quality of their health AND discriminate the undesired side effects. We should weigh up the pros and cons of the genetic engineering we should aware the difference between science fiction and science fact. .
