If you observe at the house office school you can see or use electronic device. In fact the first generation for electronics device used in science's calculations and it had a big size. So the sciences tried to make the small electronic devices. In November 1981 Intel Company made the world's first single ship microprocessor and then we had the first consumer computers in 1974 after that the sciences developed microprocessor for the cell phone. According to recent research in 2005 76 of people in USA have the computer at home and in 2007 82 of people in USA have the cell phone. Since we had the consumer computers and electronic devices the sciences created the computer programs and soft ware that help people who use computers and electronic devices can control and use program for typing calculation or develop data and now we have business communication entertainment all of which are affected by computer program. We had the first program in 1979. That was very popular in business company It developed by Microsoft Company is MY WORD PROCESSOR . MY WORD PROCESSOR helped Business Company to manage document so employ don't work on document paper. In the past the business companies must recognize their data on the paper and when they wanted to know about data or used the data for analysis they took a long time for find data and analyses so the programmers develop the business program. That helps the business company about the data and the business's reports. Now business companies can develop and analyses data in real time process that help save their time and business program has many types of reports that help business companies determine their business. How program effect to communication as a result the sciences develop program that can change analog communication to digital communication the analog cell phones to digital cell phones and now we not only hear sound but we can see and hear person who we talk with in the same time. We have been used mail but the mail takes more time for send to receiver. Then the programmers create one type of program that is e mail. E mail that can send text picture and data files in the same email is faster and better than mail and we can communication on web page such as Face book that people use for tell their story or share news with another people. Everybody has been used the map to find the way but had problem about travel How can I go there Where is the shop All of which are fixed by one type of program in Global Positioning System GPS . GPS can help people to find the road or the way that people want to go. Entertainment can make more money to business so the entertainment companies use programs that can help them produce movie. For example Producer use program for create screen or special effect then characters just show in the stereos and they don't go to real place. Producer use program to create animation movies that don't need human show in the movie or create 3D movie the people who watch movie can feel like stand in the movie. However Program don't change just only movie but it can change music process and music file. The music companies use program to control and record singer's sound and music's sound because it is accurate than use human to do it and they use program to simulate analog sound to digital sound that is MP3. MP3 has good sound quantity same CD but it has less capacity than CD so people can carry more music in MP3 platform. Next entertainment is computer games. Computer games are very popular in the teenage. Computer games have pictures and situation in the games same pictures and situation in the real world. For example Wii games play station games PSP games all of which are created by program. Business communication entertainment affected by computer programs have powerful easy to use stable amazing. Then programmers try to create new computer programs that are better than old programs because the programmers want to them to strong better and more entertaining.
