Globalization two sides of the same coin Do you Know Giant George recorded as the biggest dog in the world Tens of thousands of people all around the world who like him access to his website to see this lovely huge dog which lives in Tucson Arizona the U. S. He has a fan club and is given a lot of fan letters and presents by his fans from different countries. In contrast there is a girl whose name is Sonia in India. She lost her sight because of stitching soccer balls. To help support her family she was forced to work for over 10 hours a day when she was 5 years old and became blind at 7. Sonia and Giant George could be said to be the result of Globalization. It is hard to define what it is because Globalization is immensely complicated and complex phenomenon. Globalization is said to be a process in which different economies and cultures have integrated through a global spanning network of communication and trade from Wikipedia . Globalization could result from an expanded world economy including multinational companies development of technology and communication and cultural exchange and inter influence. The topic on the effects of it is very controversial. They have two sides good and bad. However it doesn't seem that the world going through the Globalization moves its step in the right direction. A. Economic changes increasing power of multinational companies Since the Industrial Revolution has the modern world experienced special situation related to mass production. Corporations have built more and more plants which have generated more and more goods and materials to wait for being sold. Moreover the qualities of products and production systems have been enhanced due to the development of technology and science. As a result consumers could choose better ones among various kinds of products. Businesses which want to provide their products and services have fiercely competed with others. To sell more goods they have tried to improve the quality of goods invent a new system and provide their products at a lower price than that of others. On the other hand A variety of companies have increased in the number and power they have enjoyed a enormous profit from selling their products but they have faced difficult problem To whom could they sell their great deal of products and how they could cut down the cost of production to make more money So the companies have looking for new consumers in foreign countries. Each government have encouraged for businesses to turn their eyes on the export and have actively supported them to boost its economy. Their cheaper and better goods attracted foreign consumers and the industries of developing countries lost the competition. In many cases those engaging in small business or agriculture in developing countries were damaged seriously. Moreover big businesses have built their plants in the poor countries to use cheap labor force including children and women. Because they laid so many domestic workers off to cut down the cost of labor many families were taken their livelihood. In poor countries children were forced to work to help support their families for example thousands of children between the ages of 5 to 14 have had to stitch soccer ball for over 10 hours a day to earn less than 1 dollar in Pakistan and India etc. In addition hundreds of thousands of children can't go to school because they have to work for cocoa cotton and tobacco production. International Labor Rights Forum ANON_URLSITE_Furthermore expanding economies have threatened global environment for example China called 'World Factory' and the U. S. Have a reputation as 'the world's biggest producers of CO2 which is believed to be main cause of global warming. Rainforests of Brazil have been deforested to make meadow for cattle from Wikipedia . The world has already faced serious environmental crisis North Pole glaciers are melting down causing flood in different areas. It is said that the economical factors are main cause of Globalization and they have hugely influenced the world. It's no wonder that the economy is an inherent part of it that's why globalization is criticized by so many people. In addition to the economical aspect Globalization comes from development of technology and communications which can't be separated from the expanding world economies. B. Development of technology and communications Globalization has made rapid progress due to skyrocketing use of the Internet and improved communications. Most developed countries have already built their network through which many corporations communicate with their trading partners. Moreover anyone who can access to the Internet is able to learn and to inform others of current events or trend around the world. It is said that the world are facing a new revolution in communication and will be integrated into one enormous organism. It's amazing to meet people who are on the other side of the planet to share opinion with them and even to help them without one's moving! Another important example is activities of international organizations whose existence is like a bridge that connects different one land with the other land. They effectively use the net to reveal the dirty facts about globalization to take actions to address the problems and to help those in need. On the other hand those who want to make money by using this are doing something wrong because of the Internet every kinds of immoral materials such as child porn quickly and widely are circulated which could results in child abduction and abuse. Another example is that in Japan a middle school boy killed his mother as she scolded her son for his spending a lot of time doing online role playing game. C. Cultural exchange and inter influence Increasing opportunities to meet people from different countries and to experience a whole new culture makes another character of Globalization cultural exchange and inter influence. It is not unusual any more to see that Westerners eat their meal in Asian restaurants. There are some Americans who become Buddhist monks in Korea and Koreans get used to seeing this. Intermarriage become common phenomenon and people aren't curious about their neighbors who are different from themselves. As a result countries around the world have adopted different cultures from others and outdated customs start to be eliminated for example East Asia including China and Korea has been under Confucianism traditions. Because a son was preferred to a daughter many Asian mothers couldn't stop having a baby until they had sons and many daughters had to be discriminated due to their gender. However such a discrimination against women is seemed to be unreasonable which is obviously influenced by Western Culture. In contrast reckless cultural toadyism toward developed countries devalues local tradition and spirit needed to be preserved for example mother tongue tends to be ignored due to excessively emphasizing the importance of English in Korea. Moreover it is said that a divorce rate has increased rapidly in countries where the societies had been based on family values. In conclusion Globalization has two sides which can't be separated due to being like two sides of same coin. It is said that Globalization is inevitable process even though so many people and groups perform 'anti Globalization' movements there is no country which doesn't be connected to others. Moreover Joseph Stiglitz and Andrew Carlton said many of the people involved in the anti globalization movement do support closer ties between the various peoples and cultures of the world through for example aid assistance for refugees and global environmental issues. From Wikipedia It is important to know that if one part of the body is seriously damaged the others will be also influenced badly because the body is connected with one another organically.
