Words 653 If you look at your neighbors you will ACKNOWLEDGE that it is hard to find families including over three children. According to the recent survey released by the Korea National Statistical Office close to 43 percent of households have only one or two children and even the number of households without children have been increased. 1 These phenomena have GENERATED Not Only in Korea BUT ALSO in most countries over recent years. It means the average family size is decreasing compared to traditional societies. There are several reasons for the decline in the number of children per family. The first reason of becoming smaller families is that the lifestyle in modern society has been changed significantly. In the past people accorded great importance to the family which implies their whole lives revolved around their families while in our current society people prefer to enjoy leisure activities achieve financial success and have a meaningful career rather than spend time raising children. In other words they had better have just few children in order to accomplish their goal and enjoy lives. Moreover having children requires a lot of effort and responsibility as a consequence parents choose to have only one or two children or be childless. A second cause of reduction in the number of children is that the social status of women has been ENHANCED. A few generations ago women were DISCRIMINATED when they got a job or joined social activities. Women are considered to stay home to take care of their children and do housework. However career opportunities for women have improved by changing employment laws. Also the ability to COORDINATE the work in detail that is unique to women has been appreciated by employers. The entry of women in public affair has changed many things. Women don't have time to raise children anymore because they play CRUCIAL roles in a society. They choose to focus on their careers and pursue higher education rather than raising children. The ages of giving birth for women are getting late hence women who have more responsibility for bearing and raising a child give up having many children. Instead they have just one or two children or don't have children at all. In addition to changes of lifestyle and the social status of women the change in the view about expense distribution to raise children can be a cause of small families. Nowadays parents would like to provide more resources and the best environment for their children. That is they prefer to raise few children involving more expense rather than many children involving less expense at the same financial condition. This enables children to both eat expensive healthy food and ENHANCE educational opportunities. For example parents who have only one child can allocate more resource to their children. Therefore the child has more chances to get high quality education such as college master and Ph. D. Course. As a consequence of all causes as I mentioned above the number of children per family have been declined. In small families children tend to be spoiled and selfish. They sometimes feel lonely. Whenever the families are in trouble there are not enough people who can help. Whereas increase of smaller families has some negative results it has positive aspects too. For one thing it is efficient to prepare family activities such as having a meal going for a picnic and throwing a party. Also the members of a family tend to respect each other's opinion compared to large families. To sum up current trend toward the small families is the result of CRUCIAL changes in lifestyle the social status of women and the view about cost distribution to raise children. Even though there are some advantages to have few children we need to increase fertility rates to deal with tremendous amount of problems resulted from low birth rate.
