Smaller Families Is it a problem to have more than one or two children People did not think of that in many countries like Saudi Arabia and Taiwan moreover they still do not think of having more than two children is a problem. In addition It wasn't a problem in most developed countries like the United states and England a few generations ago. But now in this days it become common for parents to have just one or two kids and some parents prefer not to have any children. Furthermore in China the government officially restricts the families to have just one child. Approximately two years ago while I was reading a newspaper which is AL Ryadh Newspapaer I found an article which is about encouraging people to have more children in Singapore. What made me care about it at that time is because I just have my baby born recently. So I started searching for what the reasons for the people to do that. First I asked my friend who had been living in Singapore. Then I served the websites. And finally when I came to The United states I asked Chinese and American people. I found many rational reasons and three of them were the current financial situation nurture and the law in some countries. The first reason which is CRUCIAL is the economic situation. Some parents can't tolerate the expenses for more than one kid or two for example the health care and the education. Also some of them afraid from the economical changes in the future if it will become bad. I also believe that the income control the number of the kids. Also because of the financial situation some couple decide not to have any baby. The second reason is the nurture. Some parents focus on one child to give him or her the best childcare. For example they try to give the child the right time that he or she need because some time both of them are working. Another example they provide an expensive school for the kid which is impossible if they have more than one child. Also some parents believe that more kids mean more responsibility. In some countries like China the rule restricts the number of the family members by one or two kids due to both the economical situation and the environmental problems as a result parents could not have more than one or two children even if they want. I found a lot of causes for smaller families and I ACKNOWLEDGE some of the them like the family economic condition better childcare and the people who don't have a choice because of some policy. But there are other causes which in my perspective is not RATIONAL for example some people wants to enjoy their life for long time and when they decide to have kids they just can have one kid and they lose the ability of having a baby because of the age. Other couple believe that kids will straggle their Successes in their carrier. Also some parents want to coordinate their family by having just one or two kids. I can't asses all those reasons because in my country which is Saudi Arabia support having more children.
