Smaller families Before around fifty years ago many parents who do not learn or do not have a good education have more than five or six children. Because they did not understand the lives as well and they do not care about their children as much as parents now. Therefore many parents who live in this time have just one or two children and some of them choose not to have children at all. They will think over and over because of difficult life. So parents who just have one or two children due to take care about children pay attention to them and learn them or give them a good education. First reason to have smaller family is take care about children. In addition when anyone has more than four children he or she cannot have time and money to protect children from disease. So having smaller families due to happy life. For example my brother has four children both he cannot make insurance for them and he couldn't have enough money to bring a medicine when he want. In the other hand parents who just have one child can apply insurance to their family within low cost. And they can ENHANCE and protect their family about health care. As a result having smaller family is crucial because it will help parents to have a good health for their children. Second reason to have smaller family is pay attention to children. Moreover children need to keep watch from their parents. Because they do not understand what they do and why. Also parents who have many children cannot look and know everything about their children and maybe DISCRIMINATE between them. For instance in our lives most of parents are busy and they cannot go or take their children to have fun or play together due to distinction family. Finally parents who have smaller family can pay attention and protect their children from risky as a result of high level family. Third reason to have smaller family is learn children or give them a good education. In addition they can ensure their children to apply their children to a special school. For example parents who have one child can register his or her to anywhere to have a good teaching without pay lots of money. In other hand parents who have many children cannot teach them in good school. As a result smaller family will produce good children because their parents have to learn them as well as the world need. In conclusion an older parent do not care about the number of their family because they do not learn and they just want to help them to join them to work without any thought about their children how they live. But before twenty years ago lots of parents start to think about their children because they had learn and could understand the new life. They know when they have children they have to take care about their health pay attention all time and learn them with high quality education. As a result in this time we should think about any change in our life especially when we want to have a new child because we face lots of challenges.
