Causes and Effects of Infectious Diseases and Immunization It is an important issue that plays role in keeping our body very well. We face an outspread of harmful agents endanger our health. Not only biological factors but also environmental factors participate in the increasing of diseases. These factors play important role in stabilization of our immune system which defense against pathogens microbes to protect the body and keep it in good physiological state. If the immune system is impaired the body will get serious infectious diseases that develop pathological illness. Thus there are several causes and effects of infectious diseases and immunization. The most important cause of infectious diseases is the deficiency of white blood cells which is called Leucopenia. WBC's is crucial agent that generates the other immunological cells involved in the enhancement of immunity. Due to the exposure of radiation or chemotherapy the body may develop critical medical case. Also some infectious diseases can be gotten because of significant decrees in minerals and vitamins. Moreover since there are frequent genetic mutations the natural killer cells which defense against cancer decrees. In addition Infiltration of abnormal cells and inflammation of lymphatic system are result of infectious diseases. People everywhere can get serious diseases if they don't have enough acknowledgment about how to protect themselves. Because of direct contact with infected blood or tools the body may invaded by any sexual agent. Also infection by sexual transmitted disease STD results from improper using of healthy barrier such as condoms or gloves. Furthermore child can be infected by lung diseases so the exposure of the patients whose droplets carry virus or bacterium. Living among animals and feeding them can seriously affect the public health and cause epidemic infectious diseases. Because there are list of diseases can be transmitted directly from animals to humans we have to beware. Good health can be promoted by following up a fixed immunization schedule. Because the number of infections agent are increasing our children must have an updated immunization schedule from their health provider. Also it is possible to give adults a booster to activate their immune system and force the actions of natural immunity playing necessary role in the trigger of memory cells. In addition there are many causes of infectious diseases that worry the health organizations in the world need to be eliminated cooperatively. Also there are several effects which still hurt people and prevent the health providers a lot of money. White blood cells are the major element of the immunity consequently it's deficiency lead to decrease immunity and increase the high risk of infectious diseases. The malfunction of natural killer cells NK results in failure of defense against cancer and deformity of histological tissues. In addition the lymphatic system and its part which include spleen and tonsils are important factor filtration of lymphatic fluids so the enlargement of one of these parts leads to infiltration of abnormal cells and chronic inflammations. Direct contact with people who have sexual transmitted diseases has defined as a medical crisis therefore the possibility of getting sexual disease such as AIDS and Syphilis is high. Moreover either using the contaminated tools or receiving infected blood is harmful thereby chronic diseases such as Hepatitis damaging liver calls with time and Gonorrheal may take place. Raising the domestic animal is increasing especially in the rural areas as a result population develop some zoonotic diseases. This group of diseases is defined as the diseases that transmitted between animal and human such as Bilharzias SARS and swine flu. Following the schedule of immunization which was planned by World Health Organization result in increasing the immunity of children and promoting of their ability to defense against foreigner bodies. Also adult should given booster to activate their immunity. Thus medical provider must coordinate between them to ensure the delivery of vaccine to every single child. To sum up we have a great grace which needs our care. The health of community and our families require collaborative work result in reducing the causes and effects of infectious diseases.
