People are having fewer kids recently. There might be many causes of this but perhaps it's just because they don't like them very much. Every single child means a lifelong responsibility which is very CRUCIAL. In most countries especially the developed one's women's position in the social and business life is becoming important day by day. Therefore women prefer to be active in business life instead of staying at home and looking after children all day long. It must be ACKNOWLEDGED that the financial costs push the parents having fewer children ALSO. Straving to raise a well equipped person to the real life leads to a big self sacrifice. If couples decide to have a kid they should know that new person is going to change their life totally. To satisfy the need's of the baby can sound easy but literally it's not. Sleepness nights being cautious and worried all the time scheduling everything according to baby and make self sacrifice from eveything involve so much energy patience and desire. That's why a baby must absolutely be the couple's top priority. Being a family is not an obligation it's a serious association that two people decide and wish to have. Therefore couples should have a kid when they really want to have. Responsibility means doing what needs to be done to take care of yourself and the people you love. And raising a child is the biggest responsibility in the world. The people who doesn't like to take the responsibilities except theirselves prefer having no kid or fewer kids. Now women are very successful in business life like men. And they think that having children hurt their career. They find working making money and being active in social life is more attractive than staying at home and looking after children. Having a good job and making money gives a person more sefl confidence and freedom. Therefore to keep their freedom women prefer having no kids or fewer kids than before. Also it's hard to make spontaneously plans about work or anything when there is too much kids because you must be available and responsive to your child even when you are tired or sad or very busy. Because of being very busy working women cannot give special attention to lots of children as a result of having NEITHER time NOR energy to take care of them properly. Children are expensive in several ways. Ever since a women gets pregnant the average life expenses become double. The healthcare expenses shopping for the baby's needs and saving money for the baby's future takes all the salary. Being able to answering the children's education activities hobbies clothing will not be easy like having a life with no kids. The proper raising of a child is not cheap. Well educated and moral parents believe that they are responsible of their kids from birth to the time they finish college. Being responsible means that others can rely on you and is a proof that you follow through on your promises. Money is one of the biggest reason why couples are having fewer kids recently. In my opinion everything in the life is related with paying importance to something and loving it. If you love and pay attention on something you should definitely do the best about it. If couples love the idea of having and raising a kid they should really want it and be ready for all the consequences and probabilities. In most countries people are having fewer kids then before because of many reasons. Responsibility work money free time worry lost of freedom devotion are the important causes why couples keep a way from the idea of having kids. However kids are cute. Even thinking about to raise a person who will be your creation and small copy is excited idea. I think couples should have a number of children that they can offer them everthing's best for future. Raising a child in good conditions is usually PARALLEL to have a succesful child in the future. But generally people prefer having no or just one kid for personal and selfish reasons.
