Have you ever about Red Shirts or Yellow Shirts And where are they from In Thailand we have color of the days. Red is for Sunday and Yellow is for Monday. Our king was born on Monday so Yellow shirts or People's Alliance for Democracy who say they are support the king always wear yellow shirt. And supporters of Thaksin ex prime minister wear red because he was born on Monday. Recently political situation in Thailand is unstable and lead many countries issue a warning to the tourists to avoid to travel to Thailand because the Red shirts had protested against the government almost two months. And end up that they torched 39 places including the stock exchange of Thailand and the biggest shopping mall in Thailand. Due to this disaster cause 88 people died and approximately 1900 injured and Thailand Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant Thaksin in Terrorist charge. What are the underlying causes that make the Red shirts protest against the government There are at least three causes revolution jurisdiction of corruption and Thaksin's influences. First the revolution in 2006 Thaksin was ousted by military coup when he was abroad. At that time Yellow shirts protested against Thaksin's government because he abused his power to benefit his family businesses. After he was ousted his supports think it is unfair for him so they protest against a military government and sometime fight with Yellow shirts since then. And his party won a new election after the military government resigned. However the court unseats the prime minister who is he nominee because he is a host for a TV show. In Thailand after Thaksin was ousted the military government changed the constitution and imposed the law to eliminate everything that Thaksin had done. For instance he owns TV channel and telecom company so he had his own TV show and used this show to talked to people about his jobs. During he was in power for 7 years he was a dictator because his party won election and became the government only just his party. Usually when a party wins the election one will ask others party to join the government but that made the government is unstable. Therefore his government passed many law easily that benefit to Thaksin's business and his friends. Due to he was a dictator and corrupts the military coup ousted him in 2006. Second since Thaksin was ousted there are many cases about his corruptions on trial. His first arrest warrant is a case that his abused his power to help his wife to buy a piece of land in a heart of Bangkok without paying tax by postpone a long New Year holiday. Because there was a property law that said if someone buys a piece one has to finish all the processes before the New Year holiday then one does not have to pay tax. He knew about that law so he and ministers delayed the holiday so that his wife can do all the processes before a new law will be imposed and she will has to pay tax. Due to abusing his power to help his wife the court sentence his 2 years in jail. Moreover he and his family sold their telecom company to Singapore government without paying tax again. In term of country's security Singapore government can know every moment in Thailand. After that there are many his corruption cases on trial such as his government corrupt in high way projects a new airport cheap apartment for poor people project and 1 for health care project. Because of his corruptions the court had jurisdiction to freeze his money approximately 1 billion dollars. There is second reason that makes Red shirts protest against the government. Finally influences he still has in Thailand. Thaksin is very popular in the north and northeast which are the areas that population are third five of Thailand population. Mostly his supporters are rural people from there. They are uneducated and very poor. When they saw that Thaksin has ideal policies such as 1 for health care project laptop for every student free palm trees for the farmers or cheap apartment for everyone so why do not they go for it by voting for him and his party. And he won the election two times in a role. Moreover after he was ousted he frequently phone in and VDO link when Red Shirts protest. He still manipulates his supporters he told them that everything is wrong and unfair since he was ousted. He said the currently government which is lead by Abisidt Vedchashewa does not come from the election after the court unseated 2 prime minister from his nominee party. In addition he tells them how much he loves Thailand meanwhile he always speaks out about Thailand economy and politic which make Thailand has a bad reputation in other country's view. In conclusion Because Thaksin was ousted the court froze his money and his influences that he still has in Thailand these made the Red shirts fight for him by burning Bangkok. Thais have idiom that called broke your own rice cooker which mean if you broke your own rice cooker how you will survive. They burned their country which is their own rice cooker so the next question is who will fix this broken rice cooker However I am sure that it is not Thaksin who will fix it but everyone in Thailand who will fix and pay for it whatever color one is.
