Divorce is the strongest emotional and psychological shock that doesn't pass by unobserved. Divorce has become a norm in today's society. Statistics show that 50 of all marriages in the USA end in divorce. The reasons why people divorce can be different incompatibility of characters incapability to deal with problems or just irresponsibility. Incompatibility of personalities is one of the main causes why people come up with the idea to divorce. It starts with small arguments such as disagreements over the color to paint a room and end with more serious arguments over a child upbringing. However there are a lot of people who save their families. It doesn't mean that they have the same views on everything or that they don't have small conflicts it just means that they respect and listen to other people's opinions. A nice wedding ceremony fancy dresses and cheerful party that's what young people think their lives will be like. And here is the greatest mistake. People being blinded with all this forget the reality. They forget consists not only of good but also of bad moments. So when they face any challenges they don't know what to do since they are not ready to face real life with all its challenges and obstacles. Then there comes a time of despair and blaming each other which usually leads to divorce. Being in a difficult situation divorce seems to be the only and easiest way out of it. Nowadays divorce is just a contract that can be signed and canceled easily. People don't feel any responsibilities for their children and the whole society. They think that this is only their business and they can can make any decision they want. They don't understand the importance of a family being young and inexperienced. Causes of why people divorce can be various while the consequences are always the same. Statistics show that people after they get divorced stay alone for the rest of their lives. It is difficult to bear the loss of what you loved therefore people get disappointed in everything. They loose their hopes feel regrets and disappointment. They don't try to build a family again because of the bad experience they've already had. Divorce affects not only parents but also children moreover it reflects on their mentality stronger. Children have a weaker psychology and they are more vulnerable so when they stay between two sides and are forced to make a decision it really affects on their health. Also they often feel regrets thinking that the reason why their parents divorce can be them. Usually kids that have problems in their families are very nervous shy and unsociable which make their life hard. In conclusion there are a lot of people that try their best to save their families. Others come up with the idea to divorce when facing just a simple everyday problem. However everyone should think before making any decision and anticipate the consequences that may come up later.
