When we go back with our memory or read the GENERATION history in 80 years ago we will find that people or families have more than two or three children. Although the poverty was widespread in that time the families have many children and they believe that children come and bring their livelihood with them. However today the most families around the world have or plan to have just one or two children. Indeed the families today are facing several factories which let them having children less than three or having one child such as health insurance emphasis on the parenting parents work and livelihood increases. First of all many countries provide health care for their society but they don't provide high quality services in their health care. DUE TO the lower quality services in the health care many people join the health insurance companies. The health insurance companies required high prices for people who want to join them. Also AS ARESULT of the high prices from the insurance companies many people cannot pay to the insurance companies for themselves and because that they want to have one or two children. For example people in the United States cannot pay for the hospital if they have any problems such as accident or even if they want to see the dental. Our live rely on education and it's difficult to live in this world without the education. NOT ONLY the education is very important for our live BUT ALSO how to educate your children is more important than the education it's self. AS ARESULT people want to have one or two children they try to educate their children perfectly as possible. When people have more than three children that come year after year they will face trouble on the education that children want to acquire. I have an example about this issue I know an old man who is from my village in my country which is Saudi Arabia and he has more than 30 children. He cannot educate his children as what he want and most of his children don't have job and they don't study at the public schools. When someone got married his responsibility will start increasing. Also when he has children the responsibility become big and big. AS ARESULT OF the living is increasing and the father cannot provide the requirements of his house the mother is pressured to work to help her husband by the life. Both the father and mother get job SINCE they decide to not have any children or just one child. Many people have been deciding that they ELIMINATE having any children before they got married. The world become more sophisticated and everything from the diaper to the health insurance has been increasing in the price. Having children more than three or four may increase your money spending. Also the children want a place or house to sleep in and the parents will try to provide the suitable house and rooms for their children and that will need a lot of money. So having one or two children will not need more stuff and will not cost the parents a lot of money. In conclusion being a father in these years is not easier than being a father in 80 years ago. There are many reasons that make the parents to not have more than one or two children in their life and some people think that is not to have any children is better than having children. Some reasons are connecting with the health insurance parenting work and increasing the global living in these years. In my opinion the parents should plan their life very careful and decide that how many children they will have. I think its good idea to have one or two children in the first years of their marriage and have two more when these children become adult.
