How can people communicate with each other if they don't have the same language . Communication is the passion that all people look for either it is among people who use the same languages or who use different languages. Because this natural need the term lingua Franca has appeared to share a language that most people around the world use it and English language is the lingua franca many years ago in particular. However lingua franca is not enough solution for communication among different people in different tongues. So translation is another issue in this topic which can convey the meaning of discourse from a language to another and translation had a big effect in many nations during the history of human and knowledge. Arab world for instance had been affected by translation in its golden eras and dark ones. Therefore The need of knowledge diplomatic issues financial needs and other factors caused the need of translation form English into Arabic to be a must. Arab world in the twentieth century needed obviously the translation to fill in the technological and educational gap that western countries reached to. Translation worked as a key to open that door with forefront countries that had very advanced educational institutes and industries so books in all the fields had been translated into Arabic and libraries there were full of these translated references. Moreover translators had the most important role in this need since they were the people who worked hard to translate with many differences in vocabulary and difficulties in understanding the texts and translating it into Arabic. For example the difficulties in terms related to industries and new inventions hadn't Arabic terms had the full meaning and that thing made them to arabize many English words for the purpose of conveying the complete meaning in addition to semantic features to be almost equal. Moreover scholars and people who were competent in both languages has also the same function to translate in their fields because they are more familiar with their majors and can express many specialized issues more understandable than linguists or languages specialists. Therefore universities and educational institutes started working to improve curriculums techniques of teaching to make their student creative and knowledgeable. Moreover governments figured out that universities and educational institutes would be the way of advancement and growth so they hired many translators and professor to do many researches and to mostly translate the knowledge to the Arabic language. Therefore scientific centers and hospitals in high standards started to be known there and medical research centers did started working in the point that western hospitals and healthy centers stopped at. Trading and financial issues in Arab world and Western countries needed translation to make a lot of deals. Since many Arab countries had many natural resources but they didn't have the equipments to use them western countries looked for them for their own goods and because the diplomatic relationships that both sides needed . As a result Arab countries exported oil gas chemical elements and others to Western countries and they imported many new products and a lot of things to help them in building their countries and gave them a big jump toward the advancement. So translation affected not just the Arab world but the whole world because they satisfied the need of transferring the resources that Arab world had and the innovative products that Western countries had. As a result of translation in the Arab world citizens of these countries were open minded and received the last technology that advanced nations had. Also countries now are in a very different looks than before and when you just visit a country of Arab world you would think that you are in the Western cities and you can visit Dubai or Riyadh to find evidences by yourself. Moreover governments also started many good relationships with Western countries and embassies now all over the world either for Arabs in Western countries or visa versa but they still have many translators who work in these places and they have an important role for communicating among them. In conclusion translation need appeared in the last century to be a must rather then be extra thing and it was one of the most influenced factor in the growth and enchantment of relationships in the world and Arab world in particular. Also translation helped in improving education health level of life and wealth for all Arab people that they have now by transferring the knowledge and opening a window for Western countries to deal with them.
