Introduction Hook Happiness is a very important aspect in life. Background information Some people think that it is difficult to be happy without having a lot of money a big house or a nice car. May be these are some factors of happiness but they are not the basic factors of happiness. We can be happy by doing simple things and having a simple life. Thesis statement There are many things that cause happiness in life good health strong relationships and family. Body Paragraph 1 Topic sentence As much as being healthy as much as being happy. Supporting details Good health means no illnesses and long life. There are many things we have to do in order to be healthy. One of these things is eating healthy food which helps body to defend diseases. We have to avoid eating junk food which affects our bodies negatively. The other thing is protecting our bodies by doing exercises e. G. Walking swimming playing any kinds of sport etc. As a consequence healthy persons always feel happy because they have the ability to resist diseases and to live longer. Body Paragraph 2 Topic sentence Good relationships is one of the main factors of happiness. Supporting details You have to choose your friends carefully because they will either help you to feel happy or destroy your life. Optimistic people who have positive outlooks are those who have to have a relationship with. Try to find funny persons who have a good sense of humor because they will make you laugh a lot and let you feel that life is simple. They will advise you and help you to face all difficulties. So you will be happy all the time because you have happy friends. Body Paragraph 3 Topic sentence Spending time with family is also a very important factor of happiness. Supporting details We are always ignore our families especially our parents by spending much time with friends. We have forgotten that they are the reason of our being in life. They need us to share them all the aspects of life. Spending much time with them will make them feel that we are concerned about them. As a result they will be happy which will reflect happiness on us. Conclusion Restatement Good health positive relationships and spending time with family help us to feel happy. Evaluation reflection or advice Instead of looking at others' life style we have to satisfy with ours. We can get benefit of simple things surrounding us in life to gain happiness.
