Junine Party The Junine Party Festa Junina of Brazil happens throughout the Brazilian territory and for the whole month of June however this festival is typically from the Northeast. It can be termed as Saint John Sao Joao so it is a holy festival. This celebration was introduced by the Catholic Church still during Brazil's colonization. Junine Party or Saint John is associated with jokes food rural colorful flags country music forro bonfires plaid shirts and square dancing. This party develops through many jokes such as women who dress of farm girls with red checkered dresses pigtails freckles and painted gap teeth. Also the men dress similarly as farm boys plaid shirts patched pants with colored cloth and straw hats. Then the most original couple is chosen to be the grooms of the festival. Thus it is the start. Like a traditional wedding food and beverage are offered but it is originally rural. This food is delicious. In addition the entire decoration is done with many flags bonfires and all people are characterized as farm men and women. There is a lot of country music which is the origin of rural music of Brazil. These jokes are always held around the churches. Another interesting feature of this festival is that it is more popular in the Northeast than in the South of Brazil. This reality is because the Northeast is known to be the Brazilian semi arid area which historically has a tradition of farms. The effect of that tradition is useful for the Northeast which receives many tourists who drive the economy. Therefore the whole month of June grows the economy of the Northeast the poorest region of Brazil. Finally Junine Party is related with the following saints St. Peter Saint Anthony and St. John. Those saints are celebrated in the month June and then this festival has its commemoration in June. All the saints are represented during the festival. Saint Anthony is known as the saint of weddings consequently the party only begins with a big wedding. Moreover St. Peter is represented by the bonfire which supports the birth of this holy day. St. John is symbolized by dances and food. In short this beautiful and traditional festival called Junine Party or Saint John is essential for our rich culture and economy. In addition there is a relation among jokes and the churches since Brazil is a very catholic country. All people are invited to get to know our Junine Party which happens throughout Brazil however I recommend going to the Northeast because our typical celebration is there.
