ANON_NAME_0 June 7th 2010 Cause and Effect Essay People around the world are connected to each other better than before. Goods and services are produced in one part of the world are increasingly available in all parts of the world. What ever you want where ever it made you can have it by order it online or you can get it from the company's branch that is located in your city. Recently the world is becoming like a small town this phenomenon is called globalization . It is a process of interaction among the people the companies and the governments of different nations. It has spread around the world in the last two decades. Globalization has been existed by some causes and it has made some effects. The first and most essential cause of globalization is the technology. Globalization has spread among the people and countries in the last two decades because of the improvement of the technology. One of these technology is the Internet. The Internet is a global system of inconnected computer networks to serve millions of users worldwide. By the Internet we can communicate with international people and learn from their cultures. In addition to communicating with the others we can purchase through the Internet. The second technology is the cell phone it has an impact in globalization. By the cell phone we can also communicate with the others and make our business especially after the change of the price. For example a three minutes call from USA to Britain cost 12 in 1946 whereas today it can cost as little as 48 cents. Moreover the TV has played an important role in globalization. Some societies have been influenced by some foreign TV shows. The second cause of globalization is the business or the economy in general. When people travel abroad for trade or business they encounter many nationalities that makes them learn about different cultures. Moreover international trade is the cross border trade in goods and services. The growth of international trade is a straightforward indication of economic globalization. When U. S residents for example read labels on their clothes showing they are made in China Italy or India or decide to purchase a car made in Japan their sense of global connectedness is immediate. In addition to the causes of globalization there are some effects or results are created by globalization. Each cause has an effect that effect might be positive or negative. Globalization has impacts not only on the people but also on the language. Globalization has a direct impact in our culture. For instance it affects in our tradition cloths because of the international trade. For example due to the branches of international fashion companies like Polo Armani and Nike people around the world share the same kind of clothes. Moreover it has an effect in our food. For example the people in Arabian peninsula started to eat fast food such as hamburgers and hot dogs since the fast food companies has spread around the world. McDonalds and Burger king are examples of these companies. In addition globalization has an impact in people's customs. For instance in my country which is Saudi Arabia youth boys have started to practice some foreign customs. For example some young people now have Afro hair style which came from African American. Globalization has an impact in the languages too. English language is being the universal language because of the businesses and movies. Even though Chinese is the most spoken language English is dominant in all languages. Most people around the world speak English as a second language. That gives a warn for monitor languages because it will disappear in the future unless the native speakers for monitor languages teach them for the students in the school to not be forgotten. To summarize globalization has both causes and effects and it has spread around the world in the last two decades. Globalization is being a daily issue and it is an important phenomenon.
