The Key of Happiness Happiness is the target of the human being. From beginning the people has different opinion and philosophy about the happiness. In addition there are a lot of methods shows up to shear with these theories. Furthermore they have vary concept of their excellence. I wonder the expenses life is the mine discussing concept be long 1000 s years ago. Infect the happiness contain many aspects such as part of them used the religions as causes of happiness and others they said the happiness involve piece and relief. I would like to shear with them my opinions humble to introduce my happiness causes in three categories they are safety money and education. My first opinion in my categories is safety. It involves many kind of safeties such as safety in the environment home work and in his health. Usually when the person feel about the dingers his mode will be change. Also he will became more cautious and trust less from the others. This is the main cause of the happiness less. The My second categories is the education . So as long you study you will get more. In fact the education is the greatest opportunity to feed yourself from different knowledge that for the self fulfillment purpose. I can relevant the purpose of the education and happiness in different situation. First when you aware about several subject that made you as cultured person so when you speak with someone you get his respectable and great feedback from him. That means you are getting more appreciation. Which lead to be his hero in future. Second always the educator person is more loveable the Illiterate so your society will give you more respectable for you and your family in general. Usually the educator get more appreciation from his country and his society such as Albert Inechtain William Shakespeare ect . . So the happiness not how much your income as much as how many people you are effect them. My last opinion is your income or the human income. Some people look at the money as cause of their happiness . In fact I disagree with them because the expenses' life it doesn't contain only money but it s involve others aspects such as family great soul mate and lovly neighbors. I believe the money is not the main aspect of the happiness the money is one of the several ways that properly made the happiness. In summary the happiness contain many great ways that I summarize in different categories in my convenient place my income and my knowledge. Indeed do not ask someone what is your happiness method it might not work with you . So create your own way.
