Effects of Reducing Class Sizes Crowded classes are one of the major problems in education around the globe. Most developed countries have seriously considered the problem by making effective solutions to it. Many developing countries however have not made any significant steps towards eliminating that phenomenon from their educational institutions. It is evident almost for everybody that having a small number of students in a class can have many positive effects on both the students as well as the teachers. The most fruitful effect a small should have on students is that every student in the class gets an opportunity to practice and takes part in all class activities. Since the time limit usually does not allow the teacher to give the chance for each student to participate in class activities many students tend to stay quiet and passive which has an undesirable negative effect on their progress. In addition small classes encourage the students to compete against each other and work harder because the limited number of students supports that unlike what happens in a crowded class where industrious students and negligent students are not usually distinguished. Besides students in small classes would progress much faster than in big classes because each student receives a lot of feed back from the teacher. The number of students in class does not only affect the students but also the teacher. In fact that can be considered a key factor in making the teacher succeed in his her mission. A small class can encourage the teacher to be more creative and energetic. I believe that the teacher is the only one who can appreciate the importance of having a small class. One of the most beneficial effects a small class can have on the teacher is that it provides him her with the perfect environment he she needs to convey his her message. It allows the teacher to deal individually with each student which means more learning and accurate assessment of each student's abilities. The fewer students in a class the easier the teacher's task will be. Another valuable advantage a small class has is the quiet atmosphere which is more than helpful to the teacher. A quiet class would not drain the teacher's energy and would make him her focused throughout the lesson. The advantages of reducing class size are so numerous to count. It is one of the issues that play a big role in perfecting the teaching learning process and consequently building better and more knowledgeable future generations.
