Children are a problem! As we can see via the world countries the most developed countries have changed their lives by themselves. In other words most of countries right now try hard to not have more than 2 kids as usual Instead of having more than two in the past. Apparently that exists in many areas in the world. An example of which is Saudi Arabia. Because of the deep rooted traditions and culture. Most of Saudi people like to have a lot of children no matter what job you have! However in Europe or the US the circumstances are completely different. There are many reasons for reducing children in developed countries. Some of which are expense of life managing or controlling on children and external factors that make parents very curious about the future. Further explanations will be provided below. To begin with one of the most compelling reasons of reducing the number of children in developed countries such as The U. S or United Kingdom is education. In this age life is very expensive. People have to pay many things to survive. Therefore these parents anticipate that will happen in the future when their income cannot cover their potential children. The second reason is the Health care which is the crucial need in our life. It has become more and more expensive fast because of the progress of medicine. Consequently parents try to avoid having more children in the future. Furthermore children did used to go the king radian school where they can play and study at the same time. Today children need to have their own technological and learning things. However some parents cannot offer these things to three or four children. The last reason is food which is source of life. It can be seen everywhere in the world that there is poor family who cannot find their daily food. Moreover there are some reasonable and external factors. One of which is Internet. Nowadays the internet has become a crucial tool to deal with people and to learn or to communicate with them in many aspects such as in university or in public. But everything in our life has advantages and disadvantages at the same time. One of the disadvantages is potential tool to teach children the bad links in the internet which is Sexual site. As soon as they enter the website they will be addicted to it. From my perspective it is very hard to make children give up this habit thus parents will not be able to stop them from doing that in future. Finally controlling on children could be a big issue in the future when they have more than two or three kids. Having two children can be beneficial for parents therefore they can have the opportunity to communicate and teach them when they have a chance to do that. From my own experience my family is consisting of 6 individuals. The kids who took maintenance from our parents are only two who are the oldest. However the rest of them were not taught carefully by my parents In conclusion as I mention above the reasons of reducing the figure of children are attributed to the expense of life in many aspect such as education Health care and food and controlling on children. Will the community return to the traditional custom
