The cause of happiness Happiness is a very difficult emotion to find fallowing few methods will help you to find happiness easier. Having money maybe will being happy . But according to recent studies lottery winners' and accident victims' happiness changed only slightly. So I believe the truly happiness is inside your mind. Everyone do everything with an optimistic mood have good relationship with family and friends and successfully achieve your goals you will be happy. Do everything with an optimistic thinking is the Key to Experiencing Happiness. From the first day you were born you are experiencing happiness. Everything to a new born baby is a whole new experience. But when they grow older they start to feel many different kind of emotions. As time goes by it's getting harder and harder to be happy. Happiness is more far far away. You always expecting good things to be happen. Even you can't reach your wishes you will have hopes to keep going. Live is working hard every day taking an optimistic approach to the everyday challenges of life leads to be better. Many people tend to be happy if they are satisfied with their friends and social networks. Also people who are extremely happy usually have more satisfaction with their friends and relationships. Besides the happiness also will come from your partner the one who will always be around no matter what happened. She he would be your friends pets parents sister brother and intimate partner. The bond relationship not only give you safety but also happiness. Successfully achieve your goals and satisfaction has shown to be a very important factor in happiness. From tiny little things to big project. For example like finished a small puzzle solved a math question to solve a huge international project. When I were in elementary finished a homework was a great satisfaction. Satisfaction would be just that easy to get. Stop and look and you will figure out how many great work you've done. Everything could be the source of your happiness. Only if you open your heart and listen. Happiness is always around you. It's everywhere right here right now. Happy could be easy just from a smile. So smile now. It's just that easy. And the people around you will feel the same. Get happy now everything could be solved. Be happy and the happy will be with you.
