In this world there are countless numbers of things to make people happy. What makes you happy Is it a kind of dairy chore or more special thing And also why do we need happiness Of course I am sure nobody desires to be unhappy and it is obvious that living a happy time is one of the essential factors in order to enrich your life. Without any happiness I can't wake up every morning and have a smile on my face. Moreover I may lock room's door and retire into myself. This situation is not fun any longer!! In my case happiness is produced by spending time with my friends living in a new culture and challenging new sports. The main thing that makes me happy is spending time with my friends. I like hanging out after classes and going shopping with them. While I am with my friends I can relax and laugh a lot. Besides my friends provide me with various good influences to grow up. For example when I was in Japan my friend and I often went to a caf twhat she thought or what I thought about the movie. If I couldn't understand that movie she gave me information that I missed. Also exchanging impression of a movie is interesting aspect too because we sometimes have different perspectives so that we can observe more details. Now I miss our custom but instead of this I can communicate other countries friends and know a range of outlook. Through these experiences I will be happy and more mature. The next thing is living in a new culture. Yes it happens right now!! I am living with my host family and having typical experiences in the States like going to a church and COSTCO and doing the gardening. Other things are such as taking buses opening my account at a bank and having my hair cut. At first I was surprised that people greet and have some small talk on the buses or at the shops because in Japan we don't do that. I think this is a very enjoyable ritual and one of my favorite characteristics in staying here. On the other hand there is a thing I don't like. It is about bus schedule which is always being delayed. But the wonder is that I fell less stress day by day. It is really interesting that I am getting settled in new culture. I feel fulfillment in addition I enjoy change of my mood every day. The last thing is challenging new sports. Every time when I try new sport I expect it will be fun. It doesn't matter whether or not I am good at it. Last year I went to jet skiing. Although it was my first time I was able to stand on the board which floated on water with my first attempt. It was so exciting and I felt pleasant wind during the time. Since I came here I have tried Frisbee and I was awkward at it. After trying new sport if I feel I like it I can continue as a hobby and then I can expand a wheel of friends who have mutual pastime. In conclusion having a good time with friends adapting in a new culture and challenging new sports make me happy. And I think these are very important for me because being happy causes good effects to me such as getting drive to do something being kind to other people and having more energy. So if you think that it is difficult to find happiness and being pessimistic please don't meditate it. It is OK just a small thing!! Because when you find happiness the life is going to pleasant channel.
