Effects of Using Technology in Hospital Technology plays a vital and very important role in our lives. Since the internet was invented in 1957 the demand to use computers have also increased . With time we can see this technology almost touch every field especially that jobs that need to work on large scale of production for example transportation building and production factories. Recently hospitals start to adapt this concept as part of their duties to decrease the cost to minimize the medical error and to connect the patient with their hospital as well as other hospitals. Using technology can remarkably decrease cost. One of the most efficient uses of technology is the inventory. Hospitals like other companies need to request some equipments and other medical supplies. Some of them are expired because decreasing demand on it during some seasons and that could cost much money. However by using the technology we could predict our utilization and demands depended on statistics that performed . As result the stock will be parallel with demand and no extra medication will be remained. Medical errors will be minimized by using high technology in this field. For example the Pharmacists as well as nurses can now have access to use Pixis pe e provided for them. Some companies start to develop new pumps that help the patients control their cases like in diabetes patients who need insulin to maintain the blood glucose level. This way the patients don't have to worry about the time of insulin injects because this pump will automatically release insulin the blood stream based on the calibration which previously was set and make the patient connected to hospitals. The demands for the new technology have been increased with time . As a result more fields of study now try to establish new technology that serves the interests of people in different sectors. One of these is the medical sector that shows lots of development during the last decays. Decreasing of the cost as well as medical errors come on top of their priorities . I believe that the technology improve to include all sides of our lives.
