Money can't buy happiness Many people say this proverb but they don't realize what does happiness mean I've heard several times form pessimistic people There is no happiness in this world They don't realize the fact that happiness is just around them. It isn't necessary to do any effort! To be happy you need to look at the bright side. Happiness might be has a uniform meaning but things that trigger it are varied based on individuals. There are three fundamental things make my happy alive self importance my family and my friends. The most important thing that makes my happy self importance when I feel that I'm a beneficial member in my society. That doesn't mean I'm eager to be a president or have a valuable position in the government because I'd like to see my influence on people not my position effect. From my perspective self importance will be occurred when I see a wonderful smile on face of patient whom I helped to overcome his suffering that last for long time! The second thing on my happiness list is my family. They always are part of my happiness's equation. I think people agree about this part and they believe a family is one of essential factors that cause happiness because this is inherent in every single human. Being close to my family seeing success of every single member and getting together around a table for lunch or dinner elevate happiness level in my brain!! Finally I can't talk about happiness without mention my friend. People whom I've grown up and spent long time of my life with them. Their success is part of my success and their happiness is part of my happiness. I love going out playing soccer and getting together on weekend days. In difficult times they always support me and I get recommendation and help from them. They mean a lot to me. I'm so grateful for having those friends. They affect significantly my happiness In conclusion self importance my family and my friends are triangle of my happiness. Once they are achieved my happiness reaches the peak!! In addition I'd like to say to people who are pessimistic Wake up and turn around you will recognize that happiness is next to you! It represents a sign that say look at the bright side
