Why do people need to be happy Where can we find happiness Finding happiness is like finding ourselves. We don't find happiness we make happiness. We choose happiness. Most people consider themselves happy but when you ask them what is your definition of happiness Then will stop confused. Some people define happiness as having more than enough in each area of life. This definition in my perspective is the most suitable one for happiness. Because it didn't limit happiness to a specific time or place. Before fifty years ago our way of life was very different. Most people live a steady style of live. Everything was available the cost of life is low they get enough money to live prosperous life. These days the situation is changed. Our way of life is faster. Our needs expanded we can't get enough of anything. That is why we see people work and work they think they can get happiness by keep working. All our life changed after the technological and communication revolutions have begun. The invention of computers using robots in production lines makes it easy to produce more products in shorter time. People now use cell phones and Internet as social tools. This made the world like a small village everyone can chat with anyone at any time by using the Internet. Millions of people say that they find their happiness by spending the hours in front of their computer screens. If you told anyone fifty years ago about what happening today he will never believe you and think you have a negative outlook to the future. In my opinion the concept of happiness has changed from years ago to today because people think that they can find happiness in their work or when they get more money or where they chat on the Internet. The first factor is work. People are now busier more resources are available to many more people than before. It's easier to do more things in less time. As technology helps to give more people a real chance at success people work harder become busier as a result they feel happy. This group of people find their happiness in work. When they finish their work and they still have plenty of time they start another one The second factor is money. Some people find themselves focusing on becoming rich. They gather money by any means because they think that money bring happiness. With money they can buy everything they need. Go to any place they like. Live their dreams. The third factor is relationships one of the things that help provide a pleasing life. Technological devices such as instant messaging and FaceBook are common channels for people chatting. Millions of people chat on the internet at any given time. They make friendship with people they had never met. They feel happy because they have who communicate with them. Most of them like this kind of friendship because they feel safe they don't have to defend themselves. This kind of relationship no one can imagine it before the existence of the Internet. Finally Because of today's technology the concept of happiness has changed years ago to today. People find their happiness in work I work more I'm happier. People put money in front of other things in their lives. Because of today's technology the ways in which we interact with our friends and family have changed. What I want to say to wrap up this essay everything that exceeded the limit turned into the opposite.
