STRESS RELATED FACTORS Stress is a modern life disease and is also defined as a physical and an emotional reaction of human body against different factors. Stress is a potential danger for the human body. It is not only an individual problem but also a universal problem. Everybody can be affected by stress. However stress is caused by internal and external factors which have negative effects on our health. When the human body is under stress some hormones such as adrenalin cortisol and serotonin are released in the human body. These hormones which are related with internal factors can cause high blood pressure irregular heart rates flushing anxiety and headaches. Some researchers have demonstrated that if a person is under stress for a long time stress can trigger chronic diseases such as hypertension diabetes and cancer. Furthermore stress can change sleep mode nutritional status and eating habits negatively. However stress is related to internal factors very different external factors can also be related with stress. These factors can cause stress and can affect our life such as our family life and job life in many different ways. Research conducted at the University of California demonstrated that the daily arguments can affect us the most rather than the major life events because they occur regularly Lazarus and Folkman 1984 . Effects of stress in family life are very important. Stress can trigger violence and unhappiness in the family. Especially kids can be affected from family's stress negatively. Researchers say that kids who are under the family stress come across more illness than other kids without stress. Stress can decline kids' immune systems. Stress can affect kids' psychological mental and physical developments negatively. For example researchers say children who were grown in stressful condition are tend to develop more aggressive personality. In addition our work life can be affected by many different external ways of stress. Sometimes work life gives us stress because of job displeasure working too many hours or at too many jobs. Sometimes person can be a source of stress in the job life. If we feel a high dose of stress at job our boss and colleagues would like to stay away from us. Stress can affect our coordination and job performance negatively and we can lose our job easily. High doses of stress affect our life negatively but sometimes a little dose of stress can improve our life positively. It can increase our performance and can help to achieve our goals. One of the best examples of positive stress is the fight or flight response that one receives in threatening situations. This response may even be triggered in our body during illnesses or traumas. This type of stress response in our body helps provide a defense again infection. But much more stress can give us attention deficit and lack of coordination. Consequently we know life is stressful. If we want to live a long life we can take to minimize the internal and external effects of stress. If we want to be happy and healthy we should stay away from stress. However we should use little doses of stress as an activator to continue to reach our goals.
