Causes and Effects of Homelessness One day when I was walking on the street downtown I saw a man in bad shape. He was sitting on the ground. I wondered why he was alone and why no one was with him. Then I found out he had no home he lived on the the street. The number of homeless has increased due to lack of money and natural disasters which trigger serious effects on individuals and society. Nowadays many people suffer from high prices of housing. If you do not work hard and you do not get a good salary you can't afford a convenient home for you or your family. Some homeless were fired from their jobs or lost their business. Also lack of education causes less opportunity to get a job. Often no one chose being homeless and Beggars can not be choosers . However some people who have mental disorder prefer being homeless. Another cause of homelessness which no one expects is natural disasters like hurricanes volcanoes and earthquakes. The Haiti earthquake in which had happened recently was an example of how the people were effected and evacuated. War is also another factor that threatens people of being homeless as happened in Iraq. Many people in the war escape from their homes and their countries leaving their possessions and harvest of the years hope of new life. But unfortunatelly they start suffering from being homeless. Lack of money and natural disasters are some causes of homelessness. These causes generate severe effects which harm both individuals and society at the same time. The main effect which hurts both individuals and society is the spread of diseases. Due to lack of personal hygiene and unhealthy environments homeless people are vulnerable to skin problems because of dirty clothing and places. Another effect is drug abuse which has an impact resulting in committing crimes such as robbery or murder. To sum up homelessness has many causes like lack of money or education which diminish getting a good chance in life. Homelessness is a human disaster caused by natural disaster and war. Homelessness also has chronic effects such as spread of diseases and crimes.
