Effects of the El Nino Phenomenon Last February the East Coast area of the U. S. Including Pittsburgh had record breaking snows. AFP reported that El Nino as one of the key factors of these heavy snows AFP 2010 . This news indicated how El Nino has great impact on our lives. Originally the word El Nino was used by Chilean fishermen to express the rising of the ocean temperature which happens every Christmas season near Chilean coast. The word El Nino which means The Boy or The Child in Spanish was connected with its appearance season. Nowadays the El Nino phenomenon usually means the temperature rise in a wide area of the Eastern Pacific Ocean repeating each several years. If so how does the sea temperature at the opposite side of Earth relate to our lives El Nino looks unrelated to our lives by a simple thought. However El Nino first affects the oceans and the atmosphere around the equator and it results in weather changes around the world. Finally our lives get effect from El Nino. Usually at first the El Nino phenomenon changes the conditions of both the Pacific and the Indian Ocean and the atmosphere around the equator. In normal conditions the trade wind which is a constant wind blowing from east to west moves warm sea surface water from east to west around the Pacific Ocean of the equator. However when El Nino is occurring the trade wind becomes weaker than usual. The weak trade wind moves less warm water to the west so in the eastern part of the Pacific Ocean the sea surface temperature becomes higher than usual. Warm water causes warm air over the sea and it results in lower atmospheric pressure. On the other hand in the Western Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean the sea temperature becomes lower and atmospheric pressure becomes higher than usual. Thus El Nino causes changes of both sea temperature and atmospheric pressure in the Pacific and the Indian Ocean. Moreover change of the atmospheric pressure pattern weakens the trade wind again. As a result difference of temperature at a small area of the Western Pacific Ocean changes the status of the oceans and the atmosphere in wider range. As the next step El Nino effects weather in not only the equatorial region but also the middle latitude regions. These weather changes are caused in many ways. For example in usual conditions warm air around the Eastern Pacific Ocean causes rainfalls near Indonesia. However under the El Nino conditions the area of rainfalls shifts to the west because of warm water which shifted to the west. Moreover El Nino changes weather in the middle latitude regions in more complex ways. For example jet streams which have strong influences on weather in middle latitude regions change those routes and strength because of the ocean temperature and the atmospheric status around the equator. For example because the polar jet stream tends to become stronger and move to the south under the influence of El Nino increasing snowfall may be anticipated in the Southwestern region of the U. S. In an El Nino year. In addition El Nino may cause increased rainfall around California because of storm tracks which are also changed by El Nino. Finally unusual weather caused by El Nino affects our lives in many aspects. For example as many ELI students know heavy snows in Pittsburgh resulted in a 3 day break of Pitt and additional many troubles such as slippery sidewalks and additional classes to make up. However weather changes will cause more serious impacts for humans such as poor harvests nature disasters and poor human health. WHO explains how El Nino endangers people's health. For example in 1983 a heavy rainfall in Ecuador Peru and Bolivia caused by El Nino resulted in serious Malaria epidemic. El Nino during the 1991 1992 caused Hurricane Andrew which was the most expensive natural disaster although hurricane activity usually reduces in El Nino year WHO 2000 . Of course El Nino also has good effects. For example as already mentioned usually hurricane activity is reduced in an El Nino year in the U. S. In conclusion although El Nino's effects are highly complex El Nino indeed affects our lives. Unfortunately it is still impossible to predict the exact effects of El Nino due to its complexity. However one day it will become possible to do more correct weather predictions and it will become more important to consider what we can do to reduce the damage of El Nino and prevent miseries. AFP. 2010 February 5 . El Ni
