War is a real problem in our world. War brings devastation to a country. The impact of war on the environment and human health is serious. Due to war thousands of people become refugees that leave behind their land probably never to return. Refugees often suffer from severe famine bad education and violent crime. First of all many refugees suffer from famine. They cannot farm because their countries have been devastated by constant warfare. Because of this many children and the elderly people are dying in battlefields and refugee villages due to famine. When I went to Afghanistan for mission trips a couple of years ago many children were shivering with cold and hunger. Afghanistan is the most dangerous place in the world for a child to be born. I felt a deep sadness when I saw them suffering from starvation. Second refugees often have poor educational environment. According to an old Korean saying an education for the child is worth more than one thousand of gold . In other words an education is the most important thing for the future. In countries which are in a long civil war or a war with others children don't have much chance for education. Women have even been banned from education in Afghanistan. Since children are the future generation of this country they should have the right to be educated. Thus education is essential for people who are suffering from war. Third refugees are exposed to danger they shake with anxiety about violent crime such as homicides attempted murder all assaults all sexual offences abduction and robbery. No one can guarantee their safety. When I was in Afghanistan a lot of crimes like robbery and terror were being committed and the Taliban committed war crimes by targeting civilians including killing teachers abducting aid workers and burning school buildings. Refugees really hope for the prevention of crimes. In conclusion war has a bad effect on people. It creates a lot of refugees and makes them unhappy. Refugees are suffering from famine they can't receive an education well and they are hard pressed to be exposed to violent crime. Therefore they feel our love and support. Our love and attention for refugees will help them to feel happier. Like little things add up to big things every little effort will count.
