Effects of reducing class size Attending to class that has more than 50 students could be problem to some students this could be one of the causes that make some students don't come to the class. Most of the classes as this big the professors don't know their students even the students they don't know each other. The majority of students and professors prefer the small class that is giving more chance to create a friendship between the professor and his students. Reducing the size of class could make the class more effective and interesting. There are some properties or good effective of reducing class size like the discussions will be more useful and focused the contact between the professor and his students will be better and the students' attention will increase. First effect can we recognize it of reducing the class size is the discussions that running in the class will be more useful and focused all the students can participate in the discussions and the professor will be has sufficient time to hear all the students' opinions. Sometime the professor is forced to create groups in the class to deliver the information clearly in small class he can do it easier and he can check all the groups and see how they are working. Actually the discussions in small group is easier and the students will get more positive consequences because every student will get enough time to speak and express about his or her opinion. Second aspect can be considered as a good effect is the contact between the professor and his students and the friendship that could be found in small class because the professor can see all the students and in the class and he can recognize every single one even outside the class. The friendship which was created in small class has a great consequences like the students will feel free to ask and discuss so that will help the class running better and the students understand perfectly. In addition they can take the class outside because changing the place sometimes helps to understand and the professor will not be face any problem to do it because the amount of the students is not huge. Third effect and the most important effect in my opinion is the attention that the students give in the class will increase. The board and the professor will be close to students that helps the students to obtain the information clearly. In another hand if the class is small obviously the amount of the students will not be huge so that makes the class more quite good atmosphere to learn and more chance to listening attentively and speak clearly. Also the small class gives the students more chance to ask and discuss which is important advantage and its hard to do it on a big class . In conclusion it is possible we there are some students and professors prefer the big class for various reasons could be positive like the professor can be see many various opinions but still the big class has more disadvantages . However all the students who come to class and study hard they have a target they come to class to learn and know so they will do the best thing they have to achieve their target and let the other students achieve theirs but the problem with the lazy students who come to class to talk and take a chair that could someone else take it because that the majority of students and professors see the small class is more efficient and give the students more chance to understand.
