Do you notice some change in family Many family is more smaller than past. In the past most family have four or five children but almost family bring up just one or two children in present. Do you know why this situation happen Because people who are young have different idea which is different with old people's idea and culture is being changed. Also people don't want to restrain what they want to do. Recently most family have just one or two children. Especially young people who get married early or will get married soon have idea or mind to bring up a few children. As a result this situation bring about a decrease in population nuclear family and an aging society. However if we know why this situation happen to family we can prevent some problems from it. In addition this problem will be more dangerous to the world if we don't care about the reasons which make smaller family. The first reason is that young people have different idea with old people. It means they think many children per family isn't important to them. Also some of these people don't have ability to bring up many children. As a result most family don't want to bring up many children and it might be potential danger to a decrease in popilation. Moreover this idea is being spread to another family or people. A second reason is culture which is changed by people's mind or idea. The idea which young people think might be kind of trend. In present scoiety almost family don't bring up many children and then this kind of trend spread to another family to have same idea about children. In addition culture is being changed and people's trend or mind are being changed too. Therefore family or people need to change mind and not to allow the trend. The last reason is that people want to be more free. It means people don't want to restrict by family or children. I think it is affected by changing culture. Sometimes people just want to feel free and do anything they want. However if they have their children they have to take care of them. So children might restrict them to do something they want. To sum up almost family and people have nuclear family because of their mind or idea to be more free and some people don't have ability to bring up three or four children. As a result it is issue to discuss and make solution to prevent some problem from this situation. If most family keep going like this it is going to be significant problem to the population.
