Happiness is a good medicine to keep on young or have long life however is not easy to reach it. Thinking in this way some researchers of the Psychology Center of the University of Pittsburgh began a research about happiness's reasons thus they believe who will be able to help many people. In this direction some elements have already been discovered such as familiar relationship and success in the work or university depends of actuation's field of the people who were interviewed. Also another aspect was seen by the scientists engaged in this work all people at a least aim for happiness is an enhancement in the health and love. The issue from the first block family an friends explored the degree in which the social and familiar relations enrich the happiness. Thereby as far as the people have a satisfactory relationship between friends parents and siblings they are increasingly near of having a life more joyful. Preliminares data appoint 92 percent of all people gathered in this research said that are happy and likewise they have a good relations with their family and their friends work neighbored or university . Then the happiness resulted in relations improvement of primary degree. Thus family and friends became the main recourse to reach happiness at all. Another component searched out to belong a structure from work and study. Data from the second block demonstrated how relations in both ways became important to improve the people's happiness. The success in area of actuation has an effect on people's happiness. Therefore if a people managed to achieve professional success they fatally have a life more pleasurable. The professional stability also belongs in this framework. Thereby 86. 4 People who said who are happy reciprocally they have a stable life owing financial life or good perspective to the future. Therefore professional life or outlook to the future mainly for the students are a strong factor to conquer the happiness. As a result of these two causes address above there are two major effects for the life worldwide population still according with this research better health and more love. In fact all people fell more happier to have the propensity to acquired a long life and love more. Consequently the love and health are derived of happiness. In sum the happiness is attracted by the good relationship between family and friends and by the success in the work or university. The happiness originates more health and more love. In fact the passion is a especial component of life. Then when the people achieve their goals and keep on a relations based in the respect with their family and friends they will have a long life. The happiness evidently is a resource fundamental in the life of us even though it is not easy to find. However it is vital we remain in search.
