The Causes of Happiness I find happiness doing the things that I like to do and at the same time make me feel complete and satisfied. I have noticed that happiness has different meanings for each individual and at each stage of life. Sometimes as a child the simplest things can give you the biggest happiness. As an adult happiness is a challenge. We have to fight in order to find it. Happiness in my life means a good relationship with my family and friends a great job and a healthy life. Relationships with family and friends also have an important role in happiness. Humans need these links every day in their lives. Most of the time people find moments of happiness in their families and friends. Shared moments with your family can lead to happiness. When these memories come to you at a sad time they can bring you happiness. Good relationships with family and friends can be helpful in any moment of our lives. Therefore we ought to cultivate them with positive emotions such as joy gratitude and love. I often try to be in touch with my family and friends. Nevertheless it is not always possible. There is another thing that produces happiness in me my job. Unfortunately now I am not working but I used to have a great job in my country. It made me feel productive confident and satisfied. Sometimes my job was stressful. Nonetheless I decided to enjoy it. Happiness is a decision. I think all the decisions that we make in our lives must cause satisfaction and happiness. Due to the stressful life that we are living in these times we are not capable of enjoying our jobs as we should. A great job means that I am doing something every day that I love to do. But at the same time it represents a big challenge. Your job is not always the right place to find happiness. Due to this situation we should create harmonic and healthy places to work. A healthy life is considered a lifestyle. We can create our own lifestyle. If we keep our minds busy with things that we enjoy this can be a way to find happiness. We need to do some fun activities. In this way we do not fall into depression. Our brain needs to produce hormones to work correctly and to prevent depression. If we are happy it means that our brain is full of them. A healthy life means that we are taking care of our minds as well as our bodies. Being well on the inside and on the outside is the easiest way to have happiness in our lives. In conclusion we can find happiness in different ways. But first we have to make the decision to be happy. Having good relationships with our friends and family having a good career and taking care of ourselves are all good examples that show how we can create our own happiness. I would like to suggest that you enjoy each day of your life as if it was your last share your smile as if it was the last time that you did it and try to find in every moment all the things that can cause happiness in your life.
