The causes of Happiness Happiness is a very difficult emotion to find. Having money maybe will bring happiness . According to recent studies lottery winners' and accident victims' happiness changed only slightly. I believe true happiness is inside your mind. If you do everything with an optimistic mood have a good relationship with family and friends and successfully achieve your goals you will be happy. Doing everything with an optimistic thinking is the key to experiencing happiness. From the first day you were born you were experiencing happiness. Everything to a new born baby is a whole new experience. But when they grow older they start to feel many different kinds of emotions. As time goes by it's getting harder and harder to be happy. Happiness is more far away. Sometimes you helper always expecting good things to happen. Even if you can't reach your wishes you will have hopes to keep going. Life is working hard every day and taking an optimistic approach to the everyday challenges of life leads to a better life. Many people feel happy if they are satisfied with their friends and social networks. Also people who are extremely happy usually get more satisfaction from their friends and relationships. Besides the happiness also will come from your friends and family the one who will always be around no matter what happen. Every time when I feel sad I always talk to my friends and my family. I get a lot energy from their support. Every moment when I get along with them I feel really enjoyable and happiness. They always be my supporter. The bonds not only give you safety but also happiness. Successfully achieve your goals and satisfaction has shown to be a very important factor in happiness from tiny little things to big projects. For example things finish a small puzzle or solve a math question to figure out a huge international project can make you happy that you already achieve your goal. When I was in elementary school finished homework was a great satisfaction. Satisfaction would be just that easy to get. Stop and look and you will figure out how much great work you've done. Have a satisfy relationship with friends and social works. Doing everything with optimistic thinking. Successfully achieve your goal. Anything could be the source of your happiness. If you only open your heart and listen. Happiness is always around you. It's everywhere right here right now. Feel happiness could be easy like just from a smile. So smile now. It's just that easy. And the people around you will feel the same. Get happy now there is nothing can beat you. Everything can be solve you have to trust yourself. Be happy and happiness will be with you.
