1 Surveillance vs. Observation Surveillance means a teacher watches students whether they follow the instruction of the teacher or not and observation is that a teacher observes just students without any intervention. For example a teacher who was likely to be a supervisor watched students if they followed the school's rule or not. So students felt free only when a teacher wasn't with them. 2 Evaluation vs. Self assessment Evaluation is for a teacher to judge students by grading them whereas self assessment is for a student to assess his or her achievement himself or herself. For example I got bad grades on math when I was in elementary school but nobody helped or encouraged me to make up for the subject. As a result I lost interest in math and had difficulty applying to the university I wanted to go to. 3 Rewards vs. Recognition Rewards are likely to deprive children of the intrinsic pleasure of creative activity because they will try to do well not to savor the creative activity itself but to be rewarded with prizes. In contrast if a teacher recognizes the accomplishment of a student he or she will gain confidence and know the authentic pleasure of the activity. 4 Competition vs. Personal achievement Competition is for children to compete for the first prize while personal achievement is for children to make progress at their own rate. For example severe competition makes children feel small or superiority because only one can be on the top. If a student 'lose' a race he or she will be frustrated and not become interested in the activity. On the other hand 'a winner' will feel nervous about the possibility that he or she will be overtaken by other 'competitors'. Especially in Korea the competition for entering a good college is very fierce so some students sadly kill themselves. 5 Control vs. Support Control is for a teacher or parents to put children restricting and effective schedule yet children who are supported could explore their potential. 6 Restricting choice vs. Guidance For adults to choose things children have to do is restricting choices while to let children choose what is of interest and support that inclination could be said to be guidance. 7 Pressure vs. Goal setting Pressure is to push children into excessive expectation not considering children's condition. On the other hand goal setting is to set a goal depending on children's development and interest.
