Select a major. It is very important decision to select a major. It will affect your life permanently. If you want to happy and successful in your life you should read my article. When choosing a major you should consider before choose the major you need to search about the job and which university should I go and how can I improve my career. Before you decide your major you need to talk to people about your concerns. You might talk to somebody who is currently doing that job or university advisors these people help you more. You can get the best advice from these people. There is a lot of job career web page you can go look where this job available these might give you a better idea if you want to move to different city or you want to stay in the same city. Some jobs have a better career opportunity in the different state or a different country. You should consider this facts if you want to stay with your parents you should pick maybe different career. First of all you decide what kind of job I want to make a list and than talk to the advisors and look for the career web ANON_NAME_0 and decide what you want to do. There is another issue to decide which university I should go. Some people wants to go different city some people want to stay with their parents first you need to thing about this. If you decide you want to stay in your city you thing it is more convenient for you for example I don't want to cook or I don't want to clean house instead of these I want to spend my time to study and finish my school as soon as I can. Or you can go different city for example I will have a better future in this university. You can say I can spend less time with my family during my education and I want to focus on my class that is understandable. Some university offer more options for example they can offer you scholarship you don't need to thing about tuition anymore. You might choose the dorm and you don't need to cook or clean anything's just you can focus on your major. It is your decision. After your graduation you can improve your career while you are working or you can decide to attend master program. That is another important decision you are going to decide. I suggest after you graduate find a job work for couple years see the sector and then you can decide do I need more education in this major. While you are working you can see your weak side and you can decide your master program I need that or I need this. After you decide your master program you can decide which class you need to take. Masters programs offer different classes even in the same program. But if you have already experience you should know which is better for you. Some times school and market is different. People usually learn during your education a lot of things but sometimes after they get a job they work specific field maybe they didn't focus this field in the university. They need to improve themselves. You may not need master program it is your decision what you want to do. I explained some major effects before and after the graduations. You should consider your talent and ability. After all if you follow my advice you will be a successful person.
