When it comes to culture South Korea and the United States have a majority of similarities and differences. It might be interesting to know about their features. They have two similarities like celebrating Thanksgiving and having franchise restaurants and two differences like a tip and a lease. First the two countries have cultures that they both celebrate. For example both cultures celebrate Thanksgiving! In the United States Thanksgiving was historically a religious observation to give thanks to God but nowadays people get together at that time and eat a special meal traditionally featuring turkey. Turkey which is stuffing sweet potatoes potatoes sauce corn and other vegetables are commonly associated with Thanksgiving dinner. Similarly in South Korea people celebrate Thanksgiving by praying to their faithful ancestors. After that they eat a refreshing meal of soft as a half moon shaped rice cake called songpyeon. Second the two countries have many kinds of global chain stores and global franchise restaurants. For instance in the United States there are McDonalds Dunkin Donuts Starbucks and T. G. I. Friday's. People can enjoy many all kinds of food and have fun there. Likewise in South Korea there are also those kinds of franchises. Therefore everyone can eat the same dishes at the similar interior atmosphere because they have the same menu and the similar interior decoration. On the other hand the two countries have two major differences. First of all they have different customs about tipping. In the United States tipping is a widely practiced social custom at restaurants bars hotels or for taxi service. It is expected to leave a 10 20 tip of the bill. However tipping is not a part of the culture in South Korea. That's why Korean people are uncomfortable with being tipped and you don't need to leave a tip at restaurants in South Korea. Second they have a different way to rent a house. For example in the United States a tenant pays a security deposit and monthly rent. In contrast there is a different lease in South Korea. Instead of paying monthly rent called Weolse the tenant pays a deposit on a rental space called Jeonse at anywhere from 50 100 of the market value. Afterward the tenant can return a whole deposit when he or she moves house. Even though there is monthly rent in South Korea Korean people prefer Jeonse to Weolse. In summary it is apparent that South Korea and the United States have similarities and differences. According to the above statements they have similarities about celebrating Thanksgiving and having chain restaurants on the other hand they have differences about a tip and a lease. Human has two eyes two ears a noses and a mouth but own unique appearances similarly each country has its own unique culture and similarities with others.
