The culture is the mirror of the society. Keeping on the traditions make the society unique. However globalization can affect any civilizations. As a result the will be differences in customs and that eventually change lifestyle. The best way to demonstrate the differences and seminaries between two cultures are comparing them in may aspects. For example to comparing between my culture which is Arabian and American cultures in major aspects such as food and cuisine work and vacations and families bonds. Huge chain restaurants are available in both countries . Shortage in time affect those countries in the time managements. As a result they rely on fast food restaurants . Furthermore it the easiest way to get the food as soon as you want rather than spend hours in cooking at home. Arabian countries prefer special types of food which is not available in fast food restaurants . This types of food and cuisine are inherited from old generations which is contain manly corn rice and barley. In contrast American culture is hetrogenesis from different ethnics such as Hispanic European and Asian. That led to multinational foods and influence foods customs. . For examples for this food pizza and pasta are originally for Italy. Both countries have strong work ethics. It is estimated that Arabian and American cultures work approximately 40 to 48 hours each week. Furthermore the rate of absents from work are significant low comparing with other countries. However Arabian employees have more holydays and annual vacations then American workers. The average vacation days in Arabian countries are 30 to 45 days each year. But in American county Studies reveal that few of the employees have only 15 days each year regardless the type of work that he or she perform. Families care come on the top of society priorities. Kids depend on their families until advance ages. Although it could be vary from family to others in expenses most families allocate financial plans for their kids to enroll the college . Arabia countries have strong families and relative relationship parents live together with their kids for long time. Also when their sons get married the relationship will be stronger then before. When parents become older their sons and daughters have responsibilities to take care about them. In contrast American could be independent teens reaches 18 years old. In addition they have the right to leave home. As a result the families bonds become weak. Actually there are no substantial differences between Arabian and American cultures . They are sharing some food and work ethics . However it is obvious that culture shock can result when those cultures are conflict. Globalization has big impacts to changes all cultures customs. We need to keep on our family's relationships as well as customs because it is our identities.
