Similarities between American Thanksgiving and Japanese New Year As Thanksgiving is the biggest holiday in the U. S. Japanese New Year is the special holiday for Japanese. Each of these holidays has different background. Thanksgiving comes from pilgrim's history. On the other hand Japanese celebrate the New Year on New Year's Day. However customs of these holidays are surprisingly similar in some aspects such as family gathering shopping and eating traditional food. First of all American families gather on Thanksgiving days similarly Japanese families return to their hometown on New Year's Day. I saw many Pitt students with a big baggage to return to their hometown the day before Thanksgiving. Japanese also stay with their family on New Year's Day. As air plane tickets become expensive in Thanksgiving season in the U. S. Air plane tickets and express train tickets becomes expensive in New Year season in Japan. On holidays people enjoy eating dinner chatting and watching sports programs with their family on TV in both the U. S. And Japan. As the second point the traditional foods play a very important role for both Thanksgiving and New Year's Day. First of all people's enthusiasm starts before these holidays. Newspapers and magazines introduce recipes for these holidays in both the U. S. And Japan. When I went to GiantEagle the day before Thanksgiving I saw many people having a shopping list in their left hand with lots of food in their cart. I see the same kind of scene in Japan in New Year's Eve. People rush to markets and supermarkets to buy important food for New Year's Day. On the holidays tables are covered by traditional foods. In the U. S. Dishes start from roasted turkey with red cranberry sauce white mashed potato with brown gravy sauce green been sweet butter flavor yam and finish with a pumpkin pie. Japanese traditional food prepared for New Year's dinner also consists of many traditional dishes. You can see for examples boiled red lobsters black sweet boiled beans yellow chestnuts and pink and white kamaboko steamed fish sausage. In both the U. S. And Japan families enjoy these foods and conversation. There are other similarities after holidays. I was surprised when I saw a recipe of a turkey curry on a newspaper after Thanksgiving because I saw the same kinds of recipes in Japan. After New Year's Day Japanese wives try to rearrange remaining foods for example rice cake pizza. As Final similarities many people regret for eating too much when they know how much they gain weight during holidays in both the U. S. And Japan. Shopping is also an important part of these holidays. While American people are in fever on Black Friday Japanese people become mad for shopping on the first business day usually on January 1 or 2. As you see long endless lines before store on Black Friday you will see many long lines before Japanese department stores on New Year's Day. Both American stores and Japanese stores have big sales. One of my regrets during my staying in the U. S. Is that I missed Black Friday. Compared to Black Friday there is another shopping fun in Japan. On New Year's Day most of shops sold fukubukuros . A fukubukuro which means a fortune bug in Japanese contains several goods and it is sold about half price. However you can't see inside of a fukubukuro. Thus buying a fukubukuro is exciting like a lottery because you may get nice goods or may not. Many Japanese love fukubukuro and they make long lines to get one or two of fukubukuros. In conclusion despite of different background American Thanksgiving Day and Japanese New Year's Day have several similarities. I think this is because these two holidays have the same idea on its base. These holidays are days to enjoy with families and friends with good foods and comfortable time.
