Most people are curious to know about other cultures. It is interesting to know more about how the cultures between different counties are similar or not. It is easier to compare two countries that have the same language religion and traditions than comparing two countries that are completely different. There are many differences and similarities between Saudi culture and American culture in many aspects such as food relationship and lifestyle. Fast food is nationwide in both cultures because the meals are fast and cheap. In American culture people usually eat at restaurants or they just need to reheat some convenience food after returning from their work. But in Arabic culture almost at 2 00pm you can smell different food fragrances coming out through windows each of them makes you hungry. Coffee is preferred in American as well as Saudi culture. However Arabic coffee is not being toasted dark like American coffee. Also we add some cardamom after or while boiling. One of a good things in America that you can buy organic food from stores easily in contrast my country there is no organic food at all. Another obvious difference between the two cultures is the relationship among people starting at the family. The family in Arabic culture is more connected and they may live together with their sons or daughters after he she got married. Visiting our relatives is important for us. On the contrary in American culture they are busy with their daily work and life and sons and daughters have the right to leave their families on the age of eighteen to start an independence life. Also in Saudi people usually call older people aunt or uncle. They just call their friends or the people of the same age by their names. Unlike American culture the people call each other by their names either if they are older or younger. Finally we can find many similarities in lifestyle between those cultures. Both of Saudi and American people are good at shopping. They spend their money on clothing food and accessories. Not only Arabic language has different accents but also English American has. For example people in Pittsburgh have accent which differs from Texas accent. Similarly in Saudi you can distinguish between the accent in the west region and in the east region. To sum up each culture has its own customs and traditions. However there are some similarities in food relationship and lifestyle due to globalization and some differences due to the difference in religion geography and civilization.
