Every country has its own culture. Although the barrier breaks down due to the globalization its unique culture still remains and makes own characteristics. Korean and American cultures are not an exception. These two cultures are distinguished in terms of the viewpoint of private matters main transportation system and an attitude to working. First asking private matter like age when they meet someone the first time is considered to be rude in America while Koreans don't mind asking others about these. Both cultures emphasize manners and politeness however what is included in politeness can be different in every culture. In America it doesn't matter how old someone is because Americans talk with the other freely regardless of one's age. In contrast Koreans think it is essential to clarify who is on a higher position because it affect respecting the other or not. Moreover since asking age is not considered private matters in Korea the cultural difference is distinguished. Second Korean transportation system which is mainly based on public transit differs from American car based transportation system. Although both countries have well organized public transportation system and developed automobile industry specific aspects of transportation is completely different. Since Korea is a small country we always have difficulties with parking and traffic jam. It leads people to use public transit more. As fulfillment of this requirement small towns as well as metropolises provide convenient and efficient public transit system. On the other hand living in the United States without car is difficult sometimes. Due to the spaciousness of America people tend to use their own car and it's much more convenient to them. In particular many Americans usually commute from suburb to urban area one's private car is necessary to their everyday life. Finally Koreans' attitude to working is different from Americans' although the importance of work is emphasized in both countries. Korean people think working overtime may show loyalty to their employers whereas Americans regard the relationship between employee and employer as contract. Americans usually finish one's allocated work within only regular hours and spend time personally after leaving office. However Koreans tend to be reluctant to leave office even if they already finished their assigned work. It is the result of the tendency that they want to show their effort by working more until late night. In conclusion Korean and American culture have many differences especially in their viewpoints to private matters main transportation system and attitude to working. It may be a reasonable consequence which has been caused by the different history and the various ways of lives. With these different aspects each country can maintain their unique native culture. It needs to get to know cultural differences and acknowledge them on a proper situation.
