DIFFERENCES AND SIMILARITIES BETWEEN TURKISH AND AMERICAN CULTURES Culture is a very important factor for every society and it affects development of its future. When you grew up in your culture and went to another culture you can compare differences and similarities between two people. I have lived in the US for 1. 5 Years . When I try to adapt American Culture I can see some differences such as religion and food and some similarities such as importance of work and friendly behaviors between two cultures. One obvious difference is the people s religions. Turkish People have a homogenous religion and Islam is the largest religion of Turkey. Approximately 99 of the population is registered as Muslim mostly Sunni. Another 1 of the population belongs to other faiths particularly Christian dominations Orthodox Catholic Protestant and Judaism 1 . American people have heterogeneous religion. Many faiths have flourished in the US. The majority of Americans 76 identify themselves as Christians mostly with Protestant denominations. Non Christian religions 4 including Judaism Buddhism Islam and Hinduism. Another population identifies as having no religious belief 2 . Another difference between the two people is food. Turkey has a rich variety of food. If you come to Turkey as a tourist you can eat fresh and very delicious food. It is said that travelers in Turkey come for the history but stay for food . Turkish cuisine is a very famous food in Turkey. Turkish People like preparing and eating food. Especially Turkish Women spend a lot of time to prepare food. When I came to the US I saw a lot of fast food restaurants. If you go to Turkey you can see a few fast food restaurants. American People don't want to spend a lot of time for food. They like to prepare and serve quickly. The health of American People is being threaten by fast food restaurants and obesity is becoming more important health problem in the US. In spite of these differences two cultures share some important values such as importance of work and friendly behaviors against to foreign people. Both societies have always emphasized the importance of work. When I came to the US I saw many people work in few jobs and they stay a long time at their job. For example a doctor works at three different hospitals. Some people work as volunteer. I remembered my country. If you want to earn enough money you should work at few jobs. Sometimes you can work as volunteer in Turkey. In addition ethics of business is very important for culture of both countries. If you want to be successful at your life you have to be reliable and hardworking in your job. These are crucial factors for both societies. Another similarity is that both Turkish and American People always have friendly behaviors to foreign people. American People are a heterogeneous society of many people and they live together kindly and friendly. They usually affect each other positively. For example you can work with some Japanese Chinese and Europeans friends at your job. Although Turkish People are a homogenous society you can live and work with foreign people easily in Turkey. Turkish people are philanthropic and hospitable to foreign people every time. In conclusion Turkish Culture and American Culture are different. Although they have different religion and different food they can share some important values such as friendship and hardworking. I like both Turkish and American People. Of course there are some differences between two people but if we try to be optimistic we can see the beauties of both cultures and use them to improve ourselves. References 1. United Nations Population Fund 2006 . Turkey A Brief Profile . United Nations Population Fund. Retrieved 2006 12 27. 2. Barry A Kosmin and Ariela Keysar 2009 . American Religious Identification Survey ARIS 2008 . Hartford Connecticut USA Trinity College. Retrieved 2009 04 01.
