If you observe at house at office at school you can see or use electronic devices. In fact the first generation for electronic devices were used in science's calculations and were very big. So the science tried to make smaller electronic devices. In November 1981 Intel Company made the world's first single chip microprocessor and then we had the first consumer computers in 1974 and after that the science develop microprocessor for the cell phone. According to recent researches in 2005 76 of people in the USA had a computer at home and in 2007 82 of people in the USA had the cell phone. When we had the consumer computers and electronic devices the sciences created the computer programs and software that help people who use computers and electronic devices control and use programs for typing calculation developing data and now we have business communication and entertainment all of which are affected by computer programs. We had the first program in 1979. That was very popular in Business Company. It was developed by Microsoft Company is MY WORD PROCESSOR . MY WORD PROCESSOR helped business companies to manage documents so employers don't work on document paper. In the past the business companies recognize their data on the paper and when they wanted to know about data or use the data for analysis they took a long time to find data and were analyses so the programmers developed the business program. That helps the business company about the data and the business's reports. Now business companies can develop and analyses data in real time that save their time. In addition business program has many types of reports that help companies decide their business. How program effect to communication as a result the science developed programs that change analog communication to digital communication. In the digital communication we not only hear the sound but we can see and hear the person who we talk with in the same time. We have been using mail but the mail takes more time to send to the receiver. Then the programmers created one type of program that is e mail. E mail which can send text picture and data files in the same email is faster and better than mail and we can communication on web page such as Face book that people use for tell their story or share news with another people. Everybody has been using a map to find the way but had problems about travel. For example how can I go there Where is the shop All of which are fixed by one type of program Global Positioning System GPS . GPS can help people to find the road or the way that people want to go. Entertainment can make more money for business so the entertainment companies use programs that can help them produce movies. For example Producers use programs for create special effect then characters just show in the stereos and they don't go to real place or create animation movies that don't need actors or create 3D movies the people who watch movie can feel like stand in the movie. However Programs don't change just only movie but they can change music process and music file. The music companies use programs to control and record singer and music's sound because it is more accurate than uses people to do it and they use programs to simulate analog sound to digital sound that is MP3. MP3 has as good a sound quantity on CDs but they use smaller capacity than CDs so people can carry more music in MP3 platform. Computer games are very popular with teenagers. Computer games have pictures and situations in the games as same as pictures and situations in the real world. For example Wii games play station games and PSP games all of which are created by program. Businesses communication entertainment were affected by computer programs are powerful easy to use stable and amazing so programmers try to create new computer programs that are better than old programs because the programmers want to them to strong better and more entertaining.
