All cultures around the globe have some shared characteristics. Yet every culture has its own unique features that make it easily distinguished from other cultures. American culture and Libyan culture for instance have some similarities on the other hand however they both have their distinctive qualities. Food is a significant aspect of every culture. In the US where the pace of life is fast convenience food is indispensable part of many people's daily routine. Popular examples are pizza hamburger and other take outs. Many US citizens however value healthy food and prefer fruit vegetables and fish and avoid fast foods. The Libyan cuisine contrastively is very similar to other neighboring Middle Eastern countries. The main traditional meals are rice macaroni and couscous. Recently awareness of the importance of a healthy diet has developed among the younger generations which slightly changed the Libyan cuisine. This orientation towards healthy food popularized many foods like seafood which had been completely neglected vegetables olive oil and many vegetarian dishes. Although basically different the American and Libyan cuisines have many common foods. In addition to eating habits Americans and Libyans differ in the way they dress. The typical American usually wears trousers jeans t shirts jackets etc. What is remarkable about the American costume is that the male female distinction in the way they dress is not always clear cut. Gender differences become obvious however in formal occasions and parties. The Libyan costume in comparison is traditional and conservative. Most male Libyans older people in particular dress in white loose garments and trousers and white cap in addition to white draperies which are only worn in cold weather. Women also dress in drapery which is usually white on formal occasions and social gatherings. In recent years though there has been a growing trend to dress independently from the traditions. Young men and men because of globalization I believe dress as Americans do. As similarities and differences between the US and Libya exist in cuisine and costume there are also similarities and differences between the two nations in their means of transportation. In the US generally speaking there is a notable tendency to use public transportation. This inclination is especially obvious in the US cities because public transportation in the United States is reliable and cheap especially if we take into consideration the cost of parking. Trains buses air travel and the subway are crucial in everyday life in the US. On the contrary except for air travel public transportation is less important in my native country. In Libya buses are essential only in big cities the subway does not exist and the first rail way network is still under construction. Additionally different from the US motorcycles and bicycles are not commonly used in Libya. Cars are the dominant means of transportation for those who live in or out of cities. Similarly except in big cities cars are also necessary in the US. It is evident that every culture or nation has its own traditions and way of life. Distinctive features nonetheless do not only exist among countries but can also be observed among cities in the same country. In spite of the fact that every nation has its own custom style and rules similarities more or less do exist. In fact the scattered parts of the world are becoming like one village because of globalization and other supporting factors like advanced transportation and communication.
