People around the world are connected to each other better than before. Goods and services are produced in one part of the world are increasingly available in all parts of the world. What ever you want wherever it is made you can have it by ordering it online or you can get it from the company's branch that is located in your city. Recently the world is becoming like a small town. This phenomenon is called globalization . It is a process of interaction among the people the companies and the governments of different nations. It has spread around the world in the last two decades. Globalization is attributed to some causes and it has made some effects. The first and most essential cause of globalization is technology. Globalization has spread among people and countries in the last two decades because of the improvement of technologies. One of these technologies is the Internet. The Internet is a global system of inconnected computer networks serves millions of users worldwide ANON_URLSPAGE_the Internet we can communicate with international people and learn from their cultures. In addition to communicating with the others we can purchase through the Internet. The second technology is the cell phone it has an impact on globalization. By the cell phone we can also communicate with the others and make our business especially after the increase of the price. For example according to ANON_URLSITE_a three minute call from the USA to Britain cost 12in 1946 whereas today it can cost as little as 48 cents. Moreover the TV has played an important role in globalization. Some societies have been influenced by some foreign TV shows. For instance when children or teenagers watch foreign TV show it might affect on their personality or the way that they communicate with others. The second cause of globalization is the business or the economy in general. When people travel abroad for trade or business they encounter many nationalities and that make them learn about different cultures. Moreover international trade is the cross border trade in goods and services. The growth of international trade is a straightforward indication of economic globalization. When U. S residents for example read labels on their clothes showing they are made in China Italy or India or decide to purchase a car made in Japan their sense of global connectedness is immediate ANON_URLSITE_. In addition to the causes of globalization some effects or results are created by globalization. Each cause has an effect that effect might be positive or negative. Globalization has impact not only on the people but also on the language. Globalization has a direct impact on our culture. For instance it affects our traditional clothes because of international trade. For example due to the branches of international fashion companies like Polo Armani and Nike people around the world share the same kind of clothes. Moreover it has impact on our food. For example the people in Arabian peninsula has started to eat fast food such as hamburgers and hot dogs since the fast food companies hasspread around the world. McDonalds and Burger King are examples of these companies. In addition to globalization has an impact on people's customs. For instance in my country which is Saudi Arabia young people have started to practice some foreign customs. For example some them now have Afro hair styles which came from African Americans. Globalization has an impact on the languages too. English language is the universal language because of businesses and the movies. Even though Chinese is the most spoken language English is dominant on all languages. Most people around the world speak English as a second language. That gives a threaten to minor languages because they will disappear in future unless the native speakers for minor languages teach them in the school in order to not be forgotten. To summarize globalization has both causes and effects and it has spread around the world in the last two decades. Globalization is a daily issue and it is an important phenomenon.
