Have you ever about Red Shirts and Yellow Shirts And wonder who they are and what they represent In Thailand we give colors to the days of the week. Red is for Sunday and Yellow is for Monday. Our king was born on Monday so the People's Alliance for Democracy who say they support the king always wear yellow shirts. Supporters of Thaksin the ex prime minister wear red because he was born on Sunday. Recently the political situation in Thailand has becomeunstable and many countries have issued a warning to the tourists to avoid traveling to Thailand. This is due to the Red Shirts' protest actions against the government for almost two months. Those actions turned violent as 88 people died thousands injured and 39 businesses were burned down including the stock exchange of Thailand and the biggest shopping mall in Thailand. As a result the Thailand Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Thaksin having evidence that he funded and incited the protests. What are the underlying causes that make the Red shirts protest against the government There are at least three the revolution and resulting ouster of Thaksin jurisdiction of corruption and Thaksin's influences. In 2006 Thaksin was ousted by the military coup when he was abroad. At that time the Yellow Shirts protested against Thaksin's government because he repeatedly abused his power to build his personal fortune and benefit his family's businesses. After he was ousted his supporters thought it was unfair because of the lack of a process so they protested against the new military government and have engaged in political combat with the Yellow Shirts since then. Later the military government resigned and a new election held. Thaksin's nominee party won however the court unseated the prime minister nominee because he is a host for a TV show which is not permitted for active political candidates. After Thaksin was ousted the military government changed the constitution and laws that Thaksin had imposed for his personal benefit. For example he owns a TV channel and telecom company so he had his own TV show and used this show to promote himself and his programs. Thaksin was in power for 7 years aided greatly by breaking tradition and not inviting other parties to share government responsibilities. Instead his party held a monopoly on power. Therefore his government easily passed many laws that gave benefit to Thaksin's business and his friends. This led to the widespread perception that he was a dictator and corrupted giving grounds for the military coup that ousted him in 2006. Secondly since Thaksin was ousted there have beenmany cases charging him withcorruption have been brought to trial. His first arrest warrant was a case charging him with abuse of power in helping his wife to buy a piece of land in a heart of Bangkok without paying tax by postponing a long New Year national holiday. There was a property law that said if someone buys a piece one has to finish all the processes before the New Year holiday then one does not have to pay tax. He knew about that law so he and his ministers delayed the holiday so that his wife can do all the processes before the holiday passed. The court found him guilty and sentences him 2 years in jail. Moreover he and his family sold their telecom company to Singapore government without paying tax again. In addition he weakened national security sincethe Singapore government can know monitor every piece of information sent over the airways in Thailand. There continued to by addition corruption cases brought to trial involving profiteering from government projects such as high way projects a new airport low cost apartments and the 1 for health care project. Because of his widespread corruption the court took jurisdiction andfroze approximately 1 billion dollars of his money. This is the second reason driving the Red Shirts to protest against the government. Finally there is the issue of his current influence in the internal and political affairs of Thailand. Thaksin is still very popular in the north and northeast which are the areas that three fifths of the total population lives. His supporters are mainly rural people that are uneducated and poor. When they saw that Thaksin offers popular policies such as 1 for health care project laptop for every student free palm trees for the farmers or cheap apartments for everyone it seemed too good to pass and the vast majority rural population voted for Thaksin and remained loyal to him. Thaksine won the election two times in a row. After he was ousted he frequently held conference calls and VDO link with the Red Shirts during their protest. He has been charged with inciting and manipulating his supporters towards violent protest. He maintainsthe current government which is lead by Abisidt Vedchashewa does not come from the election after the court unseated two prime ministers from his nominee party. In conclusion the Red shirts fight for Thaksin because they believe he was unjustly ousted and the court unnecessarily froze his money. He continues to meddle in the internal affairs of Thailand and provokes the Red Shirts towards increased protest activity which unfortunately resulted in the death and injury of many the burning of Bangkok and a country deeply divided . Thais have idiom that states You broke your own rice cooker which means if you broke your own rice cooker how you will survive The Red Shirts have caused deep division and damage in Thailand so who will fix this broken rice cooker However I am sure that it is not Thaksin who will fix it but everyone in Thailand who will fix and pay for it whatever color shirt one wears.
