How can people communicate with each other if they don't have the same language Communication is the passion that all people look for either among people who use the same languages or those who use different languages. Because of this natural need the term lingua Franca has appeared to share a language that most people around the world use and English language is the lingua franca for many years in particular. However lingua franca is not enough solution for communication among different people in different tongues. So translation is another issue which can convey the meaning of discourse from one language to another . Also translation had a big effect in many nations during the history of human and knowledge. The Arab world for instance had been affected by translation in its golden eras and dark ones. Therefore the need for knowledge diplomatic issues financial needs and other factors caused translation from English into Arabic to be a must. The Arab world in the twentieth century needed obviously the translation to fill out the technological and educational gap that western countries reached to. Translation worked as a key to open that door with countries which had very advanced educational institutes and industries. As a result books in all fields had been translated into Arabic and libraries there were full of these translated references. Moreover translators had the most important role since they were the people who worked hard to translate with many differences in vocabulary and difficulties in understanding texts into Arabic. For example the difficulties in terms related to industries and new inventions hadn't Arabic terms had the full meaning and that made them to Arabize many English words for the purpose of conveying the complete meaning . Moreover scholars and people who were competent in both languages had also the same function to translate in their fields because they were more familiar with their majors and could express many specialized issues more qualified than linguists or languages specialists. Therefore universities and educational institutes started working to improve curriculums and techniques of teaching to make their students creative and knowledgeable. Moreover governments figured out that universities and educational institutes would be the way of advancement and growth so they hired many translators and professor to do many research and to mostly translate the knowledge to the Arabic language. Therefore scientific centers and hospitals in high standards started to be known there and medical research centers did started working on the point that western hospitals and health centers stopped at. Translation also helped in many deals in trading and financial issues between the Arab world and Western countries. Since Arab countries had natural resources but they didn't have the equipment to use them western countries helped them because the diplomatic relationships that both sides needed . As a result Arab countries exported oil gas chemical elements and others to Western countries and they imported many new products to help them in improving their countries toward the advancement. So translation affected not just the Arab world but the whole world because they satisfied the need of transferring the resources that the Arab world had and the innovative products that Western countries had. As a result of translation in the Arab world citizens of these countries who started to be open more to the world received the latest technology that advanced nations had. Also the Arab countries now are in a very advanced situation than before and when you just visit a country of Arab world you would think that you are in the Western cities and you can visit Dubai or Riyadh to find evidences for yourself. Moreover many of Arab governments also started many good relationships with Western countries. Therefore embassies now are in all over the world either for Arabs in Western countries or visa versa but they still have many translators who work there and they have many important roles. In conclusion translation need appeared in the last century to be a must and it was one of the most affecting factors in the growth and enhancements of relationships in the world and in the Arab world in particular. Also translation helped in improving education health life standards and wealth for all Arab people by transferring knowledge and opening a window for them to deal with Western countries for both sides.
