Causes and Effects of Infectious Diseases and Immunization Infectious Diseases and Immunization is an important issue that plays a role in keeping our bodies very well. We face an outspread of harmful agents that endanger our health. Not only biological factors but also environmental factors participate in the increasing of diseases. These factors play an important role in the stabilization of our immune systems which defend against pathogens and microbes and keeping it in good physiological state. If the immune system is impaired the body may get serious infectious diseases that develop pathological illness. Thus there are several causes and effects of infectious diseases and immunization. The most important cause of infectious diseases is the deficiency of white blood cells which is called Leucopenia. WBC is a crucial agent that generates the other immunological cells involved in the enhancement of immunity. Due to the exposure of radiation or chemotherapy the body may develop a critical medical situation. Also some infectious diseases can be gotten because of significant decrease in minerals and vitamins. Moreover since there are frequent genetic mutations the natural killer cells which defend against cancer decrease. In addition infiltration of abnormal cells and inflammation of lymphatic system are a result of infectious diseases. White blood cells are the major element of the immunity consequently their deficiency leads to decrease immunity and increase the high risk of infectious diseases. The malfunction of natural killer cells NK results in a failure of defense against cancer and deformity of histological tissues. In addition the lymphatic system which includes spleen and tonsils is an important factor in the filtration of lymphatic fluids. Thus the enlargement of one of these parts leads to infiltration of abnormal cells and chronic inflammations. In addition there are many causes of infectious diseases that worry the health organizations in the world so that it needs to be eliminated cooperatively. Also there are several effects which still hurt people and cost the health providers a lot of money. People everywhere can get serious diseases if they don't have enough knowledge about how to protect themselves. Because of direct contact with infected blood or tools the body may be invaded by any sexual agent. Also infection by sexual transmitted disease STD results from improper using of healthy barriers such as condoms or gloves. Furthermore children can be infected by lung diseases via inhalation the droplets that carries virus or bacterium. Direct contact with people who have sexual transmitted diseases is defined as a medical crisis therefore the possibility of getting a sexual disease such as AIDS and syphilis is high. Moreover either using contaminated tools or receiving infected blood is harmful because chronic diseases such as hepatitis damaging liver calls with time and gonorrheal may take place. Living among animals and feeding them can seriously affect the public health and cause epidemic infectious diseases. Because there is a list of diseases that can be transmitted directly from animals to humans we have to beware. Raising domestic animals is increasing especially in the rural areas as a result the population may develop some zoonotic diseases. This group of diseases is defined as diseases that transmit between animal and human such as Bilharzias SARS and swine flu. Good health can be promoted by following a fixed immunization schedule. Because the number of infectious agents is increasing our children must have an updated immunization schedule from their health providers. Also it is possible to give adults a booster to activate their immune systems and force the actions of natural immunity playing a necessary role in the enhancement of T cell. Following the schedule of immunization which was planned by the World Health Organization results in increasing the immunity of children and promoting their ability to defend against foreigner bodies. Also adults should given boosters to activate their immunity. Thus medical providers must coordinate between them to ensure the delivery of vaccines to every single child. To sum up we have a great grace which needs our care. The health of community and our families require collaborative work which will result in reducing the causes and effects of infectious diseases.
