Global Warming Global warming has become a serious problem for a long period of time. Global warming means the atmosphere's temperature is increasing within a very rapid rate that is much faster than before. It also means that greenhouse effect is more obvious than it was in the past. Scientist all over the world are engaging in solving this problem. But they haven't come up with a good solution about how to settle this environmental problem. The overuse of fossil fuel is the main cause of global warming. Since the 1800s Industrial Revolution has made the oil become the most important resource for generating electricity and other power for our daily life. However burning fossil fuel will produce a kind of gas named carbon dioxide CO2 which is the major element that makes the atmosphere can't release its heat from the sun. The effects of global warming may affect our life in many different aspects. First in the recent one hundred years the weather has become more extreme in temperature. That's means the summer has gotten hotter and the winter has gotten colder. As the global warming becomes more serious the summer and winter may be more unbearable. For example in India twenty three people died last summer because of the heat was too high almost 112 Fahrenheit this number is the highest ever. Secondly the increased heat of the atmosphere will also melt the ice on the two poles. This phenomenon will make the sea level rise and countries that are at lower sea level may covered by water and disappear. Holland and Bengal are two countries that are facing this serious problem. Thirdly the temperature change will also affect the growing of crops. Lots of countries such as Africa and South Asia may be forced to face food shortages because they can no longer grow anything. Moreover changes of atmosphere have influenced people's health in some biological and chemical ways. For example the number of people that have skin cancer increases every year. The reason is because without the protection of some elements in the atmosphere such as Ozone O3 the skin will exposured directly under the sunshine and make the gene of skin mutate. This is one of the likely causes of skin cancer we know today. Although the solution to global warming was not found yet we can do some things that won't make the situation worse. Scientists are trying to find some ways to decrease the use of fossil fuel. Developing green power is a popular subject nowadays. We use wind water terrestrial heat and so on to generate power instead of using mineral oil. There is a new technique that using both oil and electric in the automobile called hybrid cars. Scientists found out that cars produce more carbon dioxide when they move at very low speed such as in a traffic jam or driving in city they invented cars that use electricity when they are driven at low speed. In this way cars can reduce carbon dioxide effectively when driving. Not only scientist also we can help improve the environment in several ways. One way is to save electricity. Turning off water and light when we didn't use them are basic things that we should do to save our energy. Besides we should walk by stairs if the stairs are not so much instead of taking the elevators. The other way is to avoid making too much carbon dioxide. Taking bus or other public transits instead of driving is an easy thing to do and it really helps a lot. Global warming needs everyone's effort and it is our responsibility to enhance our environment. All of us should do our best to make the earth a better place to live.
