Vanguard Soccer's Last Boys Vanguard is a documentary program and this episode is talking about people traffic in soccer. There are many Africans dream about escaping from poverty there to soccer limelight in Europe and rescue their families from Famines in Africa. There are many agents who exploit their situations. They told them they will help them to play in big teams in Europe. Players' families had to pay their life saving to agents to help them to approach their sons even some families had to sell their house in order to get adequate money!! They consider that like an investment and once their sons become a star they will be able to buy palaces! The program producers featured this episode in three countries Morocco Ghana and France. They met many soccer players how have been through players traffic and people who involved too. In Morocco they met Franicese. He is 17 years old from Ghana. He moved from Ghana to achieve his dream. He wanted to go to Spain through Morroco by assisting his agent who got a life saving of his family and he is abandoned now in Morocco after his agent left him! In Ghana presenter met Dani Smith a Ghanaian coach who trains youths playing soccer and he sold them whether to agents or clubs directly. He sold 10 players and only one who made it in Europe. The rest of them are abandoned somewhere! In France they are many soccer players who are brought by agents and they left them there and the players stay illegally. They tried many things out to survive. They are many of them involved in delinqnecy prostitution drugs trafficking etc. They are perverse and they train everyday in place called black market where many agents come their to catch their commodities and the players are hoping to get their attention!! In the other hand There are a good academic soccer centers in Africa which are supervised by high educated people. They provide sufficient education with a professional soccer training. One of their objectives to aware people about danger of devil agents but Africa needs more numbers from like these academics.
