Reading Makes Me Happy Happiness is like the ANON_NAME_0 of a book in other words it has distinct meanings. Let me explain a meaning of happiness that I relate with the reading. When I carefully read the ANON_NAME_0 of a book I feel a great emotion that affects my perception of the world. When I read and get across I feel that life is a marvelous gift. I try to explain this amazing experience which infects me with peace tranquility and goodness. The first point that I want to explain my perspective on the reading. In my opinion we read because we need to create a novel concept of life that modifies and promotes traditional society values and virtues. A book is a toolbox which contains instruments that can be applied within our lives. For instance some Greek philosophers remark that the meditation of their teachings help their pupils to overcome difficulties in their daily life. Obviously we read to acquire knowledge this is a relevant target however reading has many benefits beyond the acquisition of knowledge. One can say that the arguments are therapeutic for illness of the soul. The concepts ideas arguments etc. Have the potential to cure a person. Indeed reading means using book as medicinal toolbox for cure our aflictions. Reading cure us as a result our lives are an authentic experience of merriment. A crucial aspect about reading is discovering new worlds which were created by the author of the work. The reader visits a world of words a world that was created so that he could enjoy the company of the concepts characters scenes the which were waiting his. The ANON_NAME_0 of a book reveal the significance that the reader should interpret like a new perspective on life. The reader that has been seeking the key categories and main features of this word land will be reward with a flood or explosion of significances. According to G. Deleuze this is the happiness of a truth because a work of art is a sign of happiness. Thus how do I connect the experience of reading with the that of happiness If an individual read then he visits an unkown but fascinating word landscape as a result the reader is exploring and discovering a new perspective on life. When reading he has the chance to find different interpretations or points of view about the subject of his interest. Reading is the entrance of entry to the enigmatic and huge world different meanings. When an individuo read daily then he becomes a more complex person with many tools for interpreting the events of dailylife. He gains potential instruments to decipher the reality and indetify of fales opinions. Many relevant factors that influence us positively or negatively are link with our interpretation navous things and events in our lives. Since reading improves our comprehension of the reality and other phenomena. Thus helps a reader to improve his life. Reading develops the ability to interpret the facts dailylife. It provides the keys to decipher how human beings organize their lifes build projects dream up new worlds etc. Therefore reading make us a cheerful. For these resons happiness is like the ANON_NAME_0 of a book. It is an experience that is relate to interpretation lifes meaning. When I figure out new concepts I am able tu experience true contentment.
