All the people around the world are looking for happiness. The concept of happiness is different from one person to another. According to my experience of my characteristics many things make me happy and pleased. Many factors affected my emotions such as serving my parents in something they appreciate hanging out with my friends achieving my goals and helping another people. As every single person I love my parents very much. I become glad when I do something they appreciate. To demonstrate I have been remembering the best moment in all my life. After I graduated from high school I drove my parents as well as my brothers to visit the holy mosque in Makah. It was obvious that they were very glad during this trip. When we went back to my town I heard my mother while she was calling her friend say It's a wonderful trip not day went without something distinctive happening. I am so glad!! I was really proud of myself. It was absolutely a great trip. I wish I could do it again but unfortunately I am extremely far way and too busy. When I hang with my friends I have fun smile and laugh. Before I came to the USA I use to hang out with my friends every weekend. We used to meet at a caf For example when I graduated from the university I spent a long time looking for a job. I applied to more than one organization and company. A long time went and no one called me. I started losing my patience. One day while I was sleeping my cell phone rang and I answered the call. Are you ANON_NAME_1 Alsaby he asked. Next I replayed yes . . . Yes. . . Yes! Who are you He said we are pleased to accept you to work in our organization. . ! I can't describe that moment but I was really happy and glad. Every single day there are many that people need our assistance such as old people poor people and children. As a result of helping people I become happy. For example I remember when I was in high school I used to help my grandmother to walk or eat. Evidently she had very glad when I helped her. My day was affected by her smiling. In conclusion everybody has different personalities. In addition the factors of happiness are not similar in all people. After I analyzed my personality I figured out that serving my parents gathering with my friends achieving my goals and helping people make me happy and optimistic. I hope you are happy all the time.
