Word Count 704 including references Many cities have their own ATTRIBUTES. For example good public facilities attract a lot of people to live in the city WHEREAS poor facilities drive people out of the city. Therefore it is interesting to compare different cities with your home city or town. This can indicate how to develop cities by studying another cities. Pittsburgh where I am staying to study English is one of the most livable cities in the U. S. Pohang where I had lived is also one of the biggest cities in South Korea although it is not best city to live. These cities have two obvious differences between Pittsburgh and Pohang. First of all Pittsburgh has a variety of cultural lives and activities but Pohang has limited ones. For example Pittsburgh has four distinctive museums such as The Andy Warhol Museum Carnegie Science Center Carnegie Museum of Natural History and Carnegie Museum of Art Pittsburgh n. D. . These Carnegie museums of Pittsburgh which are all famous in the U. S. Has wonderful EXHIBITS. However there are no famous museums in Pohang even though there are small and insignificant museums. Pittsburgh moreover has many sports club including football soccer baseball and hockey yet Pohang has only the soccer team. In addition Pohang is one of the main seaports such as Pusan and Incheon in South Korea. It is adjacent to the East Sea so there are many beaches for swimming close to downtown. On the other and Pittsburgh lies on the inland area in the U. S so there are some beautiful parks for hiking and biking. DESPITE these differences there are also three similarities between Pittsburgh and Pohang such as sports educations and industries. One obvious similarity is the sport club. They have famous sports teams which called Steelers. The football team in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh Steelers is very famous in the U. S. And the soccer club in Pohang Pohang Steelers is also in South Korea. The Steelers are the most popular sports teams in both cities therefore many citizens enjoys themselves at the stadium with either family or friends whenever there is the Steelers' game. In addition they have famous universities specialized to engineering and science areas. Carnegie Mellon University CMU in Pittsburgh is one of the top ranked universities in the world although its size is small. LIKEWISE there is a well known university in Pohang called Pohang Universtiy of Science and Technology POSTECH . POSTECH has only about 10 departments and graduate schools of engineering and science areas. This university also has around 1400 undergraduates and 1700 postgraduates POSTECH n. D. . In spite of this small size POSTECH has been ranked as the leading university in South Korea. Finally the most similar thing between Pittsburgh and Pohang is that both cities have been developed by a steel industry that make steel and its products. POSCO which has been located in Pohang since 1968 is one of the biggest steel companies in the world POSCO n. D. . In addition to POSCO there are many related companies in Pohang so the local economy is based on the steel industry. In fact Pohang was a small coastal city before POSCO was established in 1968. Pohang's growth results from the development of steel and related industries hence POSCO and its subcontractors are still very important for the citizen in Pohang to earn incomes. Similarly Pittsurgh is known for its steel industry although recent industries is based on healthcare education technology and robotics. In conclusion Pittsburgh and Pohang are different yet alike. Pittsburgh has been successfully changing in all areas after its steel industry went bankrupt. Therefore today Pittsburgh becomes one of the most livable cities in the U. S. However although Pohang is one of the biggest cities in South Korea it is not a livable city. Consequently Pohang has to try to find how to make better living environment and to develop in other areas after the steel industry would be declined in the future just as Pittsburgh changed. References Pittsburgh. N. D. . Retrieved from the Wikipedia ANON_URLSPAGE_Pohang. N. D. . Retrieved from the Wikipedia ANON_URLSPAGE_POSTECH. N. D. . Retrieved from the Wikipedia ANON URLPAGE
