Attending to class that has more than 50 students could be problem to some students this could be one of the causes that make some students don't come to the class. Most of the classes this big the professors don't know their students even the students they don't know each other. The majority of students and professors prefer a small class that gives more chance to create a friendship between the professor and his students. Reducing the size of the class could make the class more effective and interesting. There are some properties or good effects of reducing class size the discussions will be more useful and focused the contact between the professor and his students will be better and the students' attention will increase. The first effect can we recognize of reducing the class size is the discussions that run in the class will be more useful and focused all the students can participate in the discussions and the professor will has sufficient time to hear all the students' opinions. Sometime the professor is forced to create groups in the class to deliver the information clearly in the small class he can do it easier and he can check all the groups and see how they are working. Actually discussions in small groups are easier and the students will get more positive consequences because every student will get enough time to speak and express his or her opinion. The second aspect that can be considered as a good effect on the class is the contact between the professor and his students and the friendship that could be found in small class because the professor can see all the students and in the class and he can recognize every single one even outside the class. The friendship which was created in small class has great consequences the students will feel free to ask and discuss so that will help the class running better and the students understand perfectly. In addition they can take the class outside because changing the place sometimes helps to understand and the professor will not be face any problem to do it because the amount of the students is not huge. Third effect and the most important effect in my opinion is the attention that the students give in the class will increase. The board and the professor will be close to students that helps the students to obtain the information clearly. In another hand if the class is small obviously the amount of the students will not be huge so that makes the class more quite good atmosphere to learn and more chance to listening attentively and speak clearly. Also the small class gives the students more chance to ask and discuss which is important advantage and it's hard to do it in a big class. In conclusion it is possible that there are some students and professors who prefer a big class for various reasons the professor can see many various opinions but still the big class has more disadvantages which affect the students obviously. Beside the small class we found the advantages there more than disadvantages even if the small class has some disadvantages its is still the student there has more chance to receive the information clearly. However all the students who come to class and study hard they have a target they come to class to learn and know so they will do the best they can to achieve their target and let the other students achieve theirs Because that the majority of students and professors see the small class is more efficient and give the students more chance to understand.
