In many countries the average family size is decreasing. Our fore parents often had ten or more children and now parents have only 1 2 children or none. Some people believe that a family is God's greatest gift to man! Over the decades couples have chosen to have fewer children for a number of reasons. The most obvious reasons for the decline in the number of children per family include political social and economic issues. The politics and laws in some countries of the world have caused a decline in the number of children per family. Constitutions and laws of some countries do not allowed for many children in any one family. For example Chinese couples are allowed to have only one child. Polygamy is prohibited in China therefore reinforcing that a couple has only one child. Similarly the constitution of India like that of China discourages Indians from having many children. Both countries provide free contraception and free sterilization. Chinese and Indian families are forced to abide by their constitutional provisions and have few children. In Uganda polygamy is common and families are free to have as many children as they choose but they are constitutionally encouraged to participate in family planning practices. The government has provided family planning practices purposely to monitor the number of children that any one family can have. Furthermore girls are encouraged to finish their education before they get married and have children. These practices in many countries have resulted in family with fewer children. Similar to the political reasons there are many social factors that have caused a decline in the number of children per family. Many people today try to live their lives the developed or modern way. They copy what is done in the west. In Europe and the United States the governments do not limit family size but as people became better educated and entered careers and the workforce they tend to have fewer children. Indeed most families in Europe and America are having 1 or 2 children and that is seen as preferable. Then people in Africa and Asia see this as an example they should emulate. This tendency to copy what is good for the western world has affected even the most remote parts of Africa and families are having fewer children. Before many children were seen as a source of prestige and pride. Also the Christian teachings of celibacy have encouraged priests and nuns to live single lives. This practice is mostly found among the Roman Catholics although even some among the non religious people have chosen to have children. Therefore it is because of the need to practice religion and copy what is good from the developed countries of Europe and America that one finds very few children nowadays in Africa and the world over. Likewise there are many economic factors that have resulted in the decline in the number of children per family. Children are expensive. The cost of providing the basic needs of food clothing shelter education and health insurance has caused a decline in the number of children per family. People who depended on agriculture for their livelihood used to rely on child labor so the more children they had the better. However the shift from manual labor to mechanization has decreased the need to have many children for the purpose of providing a labor force. In Uganda girls used to be a source of income in the form of the bride price. So more girls meant more money but that has been stopped. In 1995 Ugandan Constitution does not permit the marrying away of young girls before the age of 18. This has tended to discourage parents from having more girls to send them away as wives in exchange for dowry. Because smaller families are having fewer children women have had more time to do what they want today than in the past. Therefore their lives are improving from that which was totally devastated by having the bear child after child to one which bears one and rests before having another. Generally I think other social economic and political factors not explained have equally caused families to prefer smaller numbers of children today than in the past. I suggest that all should take birth control as a priority to make the world a better place.
