CAUSE EFFECT FINAL DRAFT OSS 12 I like to be happy at each occasion I have to be it as I'm a funny and open minded person. Being happy gives me many benefits and great feelings like self accomplishment optimism joy and satisfaction. My moments of happiness can be when my relatives and my peers friends or colleagues appreciate me when I share a pizza or make a barbecue with my friends or when I walk in the woods admiring the landscape and the beauty of the nature. Knowing that my relatives and my peers appreciate me first lets me feel good and fills me with great happiness. Second it gives me feeling that my work is recognize that I'm not alone. And finally it encourages me to be what I 'am and do better. As a result I always try at my best to accomplish well my job and have a positive outlook. Knowing that if I have a positive attitude colleagues friends and relatives will enjoy working with someone conscientious who looks at the bright side and avoids conflicts. Sharing a pizza with my friends while watching a tennis match or a rugby match or just a great movie lets me feel better. It helps me show my emotions share my hobbies and lead me to satisfaction and contentment. Therefore I build with others solid and strong partnership with multiple beneficial effects on my personal relationship. Obviously such an attitude is contagious and makes everybody else happy and being in confidence. For example in summer with my friends and colleagues I usually organize barbecues and we share great moments. Most of them appreciate my energy my good sense of humor and like to spend more time with me. Walking in the woods while admiring the landscape and the beauty of the nature results in a feeling of good health fulfillment and peace of mind. It makes me flourish. Thus I can take many hours turning around in wood hearing birds' songs wind whisper or just looking butterflies and squirrels. I'm not tired to do that. I indeed love to do that. Being happy at occasions like having a party with my friends walking in a wood or receiving appreciations and greetings from my relatives and my peers participates in my wellness my behavior and my self accomplishment.
