Divorce is a strong emotional and psychological shock that doesn't pass unobserved. Divorce has become a norm in today's society. Statistics show that 50 of all marriages end in divorce. The reasons why people divorce can be different incompatibility of characters incapability to deal with problems or just irresponsibility. Incompatibility of personalities is one of the main causes why people decide to divorce. It starts with small arguments such as disagreements over the color to paint a room and end with more serious arguments over child upbringing. However there are a lot of people who save their families. It doesn't mean that they have the same views on everything or that they don't have small conflicts it just means that they respect and listen to each others' opinions. A nice wedding ceremony fancy dresses and a cheerful party that's what young people think their lives will be and here is the biggest mistake. People being blinded with all this forget the reality they forget that life consists not only of good but also bad moments. When they face challenges they don't know what to do since they are not ready to face life with all its obstacles. Then there comes a time of despair and blaming each other which leads to divorce divorce seems to be the only and easiest way out this difficult situation. Nowadays a marriage is just a contract that can be sign and canceled easily. People don't feel any responsibility for their children and society. They think that this only their business and they can make any decision they want. Being young and inexperienced people don't understand the importance of a family. Causes of divorce can be various while the consequences are always the same. Some people after divorce stay alone for the rest of their lives. It is difficult for people to bear the loss of what they loved therefore they become disappointed in everything. They don't try to build a family again because of the bad experience they've already had. Divorces affects not only the couple but perhaps more so the children. Children have a weak psychology and they are more vulnerable so when they feel caught between two sides it really affects their health. Also they often feel regret thinking that they are the cause of their parents' divorce. Usually kids who have problems in their families are very nervous shy and unsociable which makes their lives hard. In conclusion there are a lot of people that try their best to save their families. Others decide to divorce when facing just a simple everyday problem. There is only one way to avoid divorce and that is to learn more about each other. Everyone should think before making a decision and anticipate the consequences.
