Happiness is a good medicine to keep on young or have long life however is not easy to reach it. Thinking in this way some researchers of the Psychology Center of the University of Pittsburgh began research about reasons of happiness and now they believe they will be able to help many people. In this direction some elements have already been discovered such as familiar relationship and success in the work or university depends of actuations field of the people interviewed. Also another aspect was examined by the scientists engaged in this work all people at least aim for happiness is an enhancement in the health and love. The issue from the first block family and friends explored the degree in which the social and familiar relations enrich the happiness. Thereby as far as the people have a satisfactory relationship between friends parents and siblings they are increasingly near having a more joyful life. Preliminaries data point 92 of all people interviewed in this research said that are happy and likewise they have a good relation with their family and their friends work neighborhood or university . Then the happiness resulted in relation improvement of primary degree. Thus family and friends became the main resource to reach happiness at all. Another component researched to belong a structure from work and study. Data of the second block demonstrated how relations in both ways became important to improve the people's happiness. The success in area of actuation has an effect on happiness people. Therefore if a people managed to achieve professional success they would fatally have more pleasurable life. The positive perspective to the future also belongs in this framework. To illustrate 86. 4 People who said to have a financially stable or believe in their future life are happy. There are two major effects for the life of the world population as a result of these two causes addressed above still according to this research better health and more love. In fact all people fell happier to have more propensities to acquire a long life and love more. Consequently the love and health are derived of happiness. In sum the happiness is being attracted by the good relationship between family and friends and by the success in the work or university. Through happiness originates more health and more love. In fact the passion is special component of life. Then when the people achieve their goals and keep on a relation based in the respect with their family and friends they will have a long life. The happiness evidently is a fundamental resource in our life even though it is not easy to find. However it is vital we remain in search.
