The profession that makes all other professions possible is teaching. Every profession has its own characteristics. Teaching is the most exciting profession you face a new challenge everyday and get a new experience in every class. Students tend to ask questions and you have to be prepared so you can answer them. Preparing for class is a hard job you have to expect where are the hard points that needs to be explained and predict what kind of questions students may ask. The good teacher must possess a good qualifications interpersonal skills and technical skills. The first feature every teacher must have is academic qualifications. If you want to teach a topic you must understand it first then know everything about it. After that you have to know how to teach it. Teaching methods are studied in colleges in several courses but to choose which one is the best for a certain topic depends on the topic and the perspective of the teacher. For example when teaching the properties of matter teacher may bring to class some water ice and a boiler to show students how the matter changes from kind to another. Another teacher may ask students to bring these things. The second feature teachers must have is interpersonal skills. Teachers are subjected to various situations in classes and they have to deal with these situations with wisdom and patience. Teaching process is complex you have to be ready for any unexpected events that may interrupt your class. Teachers are prepared by having multiple psychology classes in college includes educational psychology growth psychology and health psychology. These courses allow teachers to know how to handle any unwanted behavior in class. The third feature is technical skills. Technology entered every aspect of our lives and teaching is not an exception. Teacher must use projectors TVs computers in their classes. Technology made our life easier we save time and power. For example if a teacher wants to explain how digestion process occurs. When he uses charts or display screen he saves the time that would be lost if he draws on the board. Teachers can also correct students' homework submitted on the Internet. In addition science teachers must have the experience of operating and work with lab equipment. This skill can be gained by attending workshops specially made for teachers. In conclusion teaching process is complex and needs lot of experience and skills. These skills are academic qualifications interpersonal skills and technical skills. If you would like to be a teacher you have to have the ability to accept dealing with the different kinds of behavior of students and know how make a code of conduct between you and your students.
