658Words I was born in Wuhan the one of the biggest cities in China. For nearly 40 years I lived in China and experienced every great of changes that occurred in my hometown. I thought that there were big differences between cities in the U. S and cities in China. However when I moved into Pittsburgh I suddenly found the shadow of my hometown. For some reasons I feel that Pittsburgh is like the U. S. Version of Wuhan and instantly made me starting to like this city. Even though there are some differences between the two the majority of the city is pretty much alike with Wuhan. Maybe the concept of which Wuhan and Pittsburgh are alike is really confusing since these two cities are from two totally different parts of world however I will draw some parallels on how Pittsburgh and Wuhan are alike. Wuhan and Pittsburgh are alike from three ways. First both of cities are on a huge river. While Wuhan is standing on the famous Changjiang River Han River meanwhile Pittsburgh is intersected by the Allegheny River Ohio River and Monongahela River. Due to this attribute of been intersected by exactly three big rivers it makes both cities divided in several parts and causes them to look like the geographical copy of each other. Also since the body of water is the derivation of civilization the intersecting rivers make both Wuhan and Pittsburgh highly populated cities. Because of the existence of Allegheny River it makes Pittsburgh a development center of Pennsylvania and an important city all over the country. On the other hand Wuhan with its geographic advantage of being on a river became the capital of Hubei and thereby also became an important city of the nation. Therefore both cities are also alike since they are all highly populated and hold an important place in their nations. Lastly both cities were once the steel centers of the nations. About a century ago an ambitious industrialist Andrew Carnegie brought the steel industry into Pittsburgh. Hence Pittsburgh became the most important steel industrial base of the US. With the great ambition of Carnegie Pittsburgh went from a nameless town into a famous city all over the world. Thousands millions of people rush into the city to work in the steel factory thousands tons of steels were made every day and supplied all around the US. From that time no one never heard the name of Carnegie and moreover the name of Pittsburgh and its magnificent steel industry. For Wuhan about half century ago the Chinese government decided to develop some steel industrial bases in the nation and Wuhan is one of those bases. Though not as famous as Pittsburgh steel industry still Wuhan earned a name for its steel industry in the nation. However both cities finally ceased their steel industry about a decade ago due to the heavy pollution Pittsburgh rejected its steel base and its steel industry. Meanwhile Wuhan decreased its steel industrial rate. Finally about 5 years after Wuhan ceased its steel industry development and not sooner also rejected its steel industry as Pittsburgh once did. Gain the reputation from steel but then rejected it for this reason it is also a similarity between the two. There are also few differences between the two cities for example there is more population in Wuhan than Pittsburgh. In Pittsburgh there are about 300 000 residents but in Wuhan there is a population of over 6 million in urban area. Also the size of Wuhan is far over Pittsburgh. But anyhow despite all these little differences it is obvious that Pittsburgh and Wuhan are the twin cities of each other. And moreover because this great tie between the two cities though far away from homeland it somehow comforted me and sometimes made me feeling like home. So I think no matter how far the two cities parted Wuhan and Pittsburgh are always the cast of each other. Reference 1. 2010 . History of Pittsburgh. Wikipedia. ANON_URLSPAGE_2. 2010 . History of Wuhan. Wikipedia. ANON URLPAGE
