SKILLS NEED FOR CEO IN TAIWAN How can you be a perfect CEO in Taiwan Now more than ever companies in Taiwan are interacting with international companies. An excellent CEO should have many abilities to thrive in the global marketplace. The skills needed to be a great CEO in Taiwan divided are in three categories essential skills technique skills speech skills. The first crucial skills are essential skills. The essential skills are management leadership and problem solving ability. A good CEO should have an excellent management to divide work. Leadership plays a crucial role in team work and encourages employee work hard for the company. The problem solving ability of CEO can assist the company cross the complex barrier of economic. Aforementioned the second crucial skills for a succeed CEO should have sound speech skill and wonderful English ability that can communicate with national companies to expand business range all over the world. The second crucial skills are technical skills. Technical skills include math language ability and computer ability. Being a great CEO in Taiwan required the business analysis ability to analysis the complicated information from market. A succeed CEO required constantly work with the international companies so the language ability of English is necessary aspect. Now more and more business people makes decision from the computer so the computer ability are more important ability than ever. The computer ability include the knowledge of computer systems such as e mail Ppt Word Excel and Access etc. In additional the third crucial skills are speech skills. The third crucial skills are speech skills. Speech skills include of public speech and interpersonal communicated. The public speech skills like the key to open the communicated door between business companies. In the other way the interpersonal communication are very important for CEO because as the leader of company demand to have good speaking skills that can make company systems to be more effective and more efficiency. In conclusion the important skills to be a succeed CEO in Taiwan divided are in three categories essential skills technique skills speech skills. If as a CEO has aforementioned excellent skills he or she must be succeed in the global marketplace.
