Do you know the length of a TV commercial It is only 15 seconds! And during that short time these commercials have enormous power to influence huge numbers of people. Nowadays TV is one of the essential pieces of technology that makes our lives enjoyable. There are a variety programs such as news commedies dramas and music shows offered on a weekly basis for audience to enjoy. By turning on the TV we can obtain information and also enjoy the aforementioned programs. Between TV programs you may watch a lot of commercials which advertise new products. I think these commercials are very interesting because they are close related to our dairy life. I had been working for seven years as an account exective in Japan. While I was working the skills that are needed are personal paying attention to details and multi tasking skills. The most important skills are personal skills. Account exective is a profession that work with many advertising agencies and sponsor companies. Sometimes it is face to face but sometimes it is on the phone. Working on the phone has difficult aspect because it's easy to cause problems by misunderstanding. In order to prevent these problems it is significant to communicate well and explain clearly and summarize what the issue is right now. In addition getting a feel of the environment in the office is also personal skill because it is a tip to work smooth. The second skill is paying attention to details. TV programs are often changed especially special terms such as beginning of a year. So if I didn't pay attention to details I might have lost sponsor's demand. For example in Japan liquar companies can't advertise their products in the morning. And also every sponsors have distinct the age of target that they want to introduce their commercials. The last skill is multi tasking skills. To priorertize what is most needed right now is important. When the accident occour I need to notice some sections and move quickly. But I can't do all of them at the same time! In conclusion the profession of account exective need communication skills concentrate on the work constantly and knowleadge of TV field to evaluate how much each tasks are important right now.
