Word count 627 Myungji Kim 5U June 22 2010 When I came to America it was really hard to watch TV in English because of my poor listening skills. However after my listening skills were somewhat improved I could understand what they were talking about and even I could figure out what the similarities and differences between American TV and Korean TV were. NOT ONLY Korean TV BUT ALSO American TV has various kinds of programs such as news dramas shows and animations. We can choose whatever we want. Also the time distribution of American TV programs is similar to that of Korean TV programs. For example an American drama usually takes about 40 minutes and a sitcom takes about 30 minutes LIKEWISE a Korean drama usually takes about 50 minutes and a sitcom takes about 30 minutes. Moreover many American TV channels broadcasts soap opera or movie reruns JUST AS Korean TV channels does. During the holiday season both of TV stations broadcast famous movies such as Home alone God father and so on. However there are also differences between American TV and Korean TV. To be specific American programs are often interrupted by commercials while Korean programs are not often interrupted by commercials. Korean TV commercials are usually released between two different programs not during a show. This is the reason why I was annoyed when I watched American show at first. When it comes to drama the American drama has more various themes COMPARED TO the themes of Korean drama. The variety of subjects in drama is ATTRIBUTED to thousands of various people and a long history of America. There are all kinds of subjects in drama including investigation heroes action and family. In addition the subjects are very interesting and sensational. For example I liked to watch CSI Crime Scene Investigation which is one of the most popular dramatic series in the U. S. 1 Because I could not see that kind of drama in Korea WHEREAS the subjects of Korean drama are somewhat banal. Romantic love stories are the most frequently used in a drama. Historical dramas are also dominant. Most of Korean dramatists focus on stimulating emotions because Korean likes those kinds of thing. The atmosphere of an American news program is more casual than that of a Korean news program. For example American announcers wear casual clothes when they are on TV THOUGH Korean announcers always wear a suit when they are on TV. Another thing is that the American news always includes the story of gun accidents but the Korean news occasionally announces the story of firearms. This is because it is prohibited to carry a gun to the general public in Korea so that gun accidents hardly happen at all. Recent Korean TV shows have been developed to show natural pictures of entertainers. There are no artificial settings to make people laugh. Instead entertainers bring natural laughs to us by playing a joke each other instantly. American TV shows are more artificial than Korean TV shows. There is a setting or a FRAMEWORK to make the audience laugh. For instance people who want to be a singer or a model compete with each other to win first place in TV show. To sum up American TV has some similarities and dissimilarities with Korean TV. I feel comfortable when I watch American shows since I have adapted to American TV. Watching American drama has become a TREND in Korea nowadays because of its intriguing story. It is better to accept good things from American TV programs to enhance our quality of TV programs. 1 CBS Studios International 2010 06 11 . CSI Crime Scene Investigation Is The Most Watched Show In The World! TV Ratings Nielsen Ratings Television Show Ratings . From press release . TV by the Numbers. ANON URLPAGE. Retrieved 11 June 2010.
