Being a success in your field is not arduous work. You need to acquire several skills beside your certificate. Many applicants are shocked and disappointed when their applications are rejected even if they have outstanding qualifications. Now more than ever other requirements have become fundamental and are as important as your certificate that verify your eligibility. However if you want have a satisfying job in pharmacy that achieves your goal and you want to enjoy a wonderful career you have to acquire three essential skills high academic qualifications expertise in technical skills and sufficient interpersonal skills. First of all as any other fields you have to spent five years from your life in pharmacy school to be capable of practicing all pharmacist tasks. The academic qualification in pharmacy is highly remarkable requirement because pharmacy is curial profession it deals with patients' life. If you are not sure about any information even it very explicit details this misleading might kill the patient. In fact You have to be information bank and the good one which is prepared to give any accurate information that a patient need. However having an adequate academic qualification doesn't grantee a high valued job. In additional to academic skills you have to work very hard to get some technical skills to compete on attractive positions. As known technology has become part of our life so you have to have sufficient computer skills because nowadays most of pharmacists' work be done on computer. In addition some time you need to look up certain information in internet or in medicine database and you have to extract what you need in the shortest time as mush as possible. One of important skills that have a huge influence in your chance to get your dream's job is interpersonal skills. Most of Aforementioned application are refused are not aware that is a main reason for the rejection. This a difficult aspect in interpersonal skill which is need a long time to build up this skill. In pharmacy and more than other jobs communication skills is essential to do your task and your level of speach depends on the education of a person whom you talk to for examples your words when you speak to a doctor and when you speak to a patient. Espeically the patient you have to smplify your words when you demonistrate how he should administrate his drugs because if you misleaded how to use the medecation it would be fatat on his life. In conclusion there are three primary skill you have to acquire academic qualifications and technical and interpersonal skills. Once you have them I can garntee you will have a high remarkable job an you will be successful professional and you will have tons of offers from other instutitions.
