981 Words Istanbul historically known as Byzantium and Constantinople is the largest city in Turkey and fourth largest city proper in the world with a population of 12. 8 Million. And it also makes it the second largest metropolitan area in Europe by population and the largest metropolitan city proper. Pittsburgh Pennsylvania located in the United States which was founded July 4 1776 is now America's 56th largest city and the second largest city in Pennsylvania. Its population is now 312 819 but the seven county metropolitan area is 2 462 571. As this information shows us Istanbul is a very old and historical city COMPARED TO Pittsburgh. There is very big population rate difference between two cities as well. All these different rates cause several consequences in many aspects like cultural government economic lifestyle social issues politics education cuisine sports transportation entertainment. In its long history Istanbul has served as the capital city of the Roman Empire 330 395 the Eastern Roman Byzantine Empire 395 1204 and 1261 1453 the Latin Empire 1204 1261 and the Ottoman Empire 1453 1922 . The city was chosen as joint European Capital of Culture for 2010. Historic areas of Istanbul were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1985. The United States was founded by thirteen British colonies located along the Atlantic seaboard. On July 4 1776 they issued the Declaration of Independence which proclaimed their right to self determination. That information shows us Istanbul hosted too many civilities and empires for a long time. NEVERTHELESS it's always been a very modern and popular city in worldwide. Pittsburgh plus American history just exists till 200 years that is why people call U. S. Is a new world. Istanbul is also a megacity as well as the cultural economic and financial centre of Turkey. The city covers 39 districts of the Istanbul province. It is located on the Bosporus Strait and encompasses the natural harbor known as the Golden Horn in the northwest of the country. It extends both on the European and on the Asian sides of the Bosporus and is thereby the only metropolis in the world that is situated on two continents. Pittsburgh is the largest city along the Ohio River . The characteristic shape of the city's downtown is a triangular tract carved by the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers where the Ohio River forms. The city features 151 high rise buildings 446 bridges two inclined railways and a pre revolutionary fortification. Pittsburgh is known colloquially as The City of Bridges and The Steel City for its many bridges and former steel manufacturing base. Istanbul is a city by the Sea of Marmara and Pittsburgh is near three lakes. A weather condition in a city is directly related where a city located on. Istanbul has four seasons but you don't see much of a spring or autumn because summer and winters are longer than these seasons. It's hot in summer and cold rainy sometimes snowy in winters. While it was raining on European side you can enjoy the good weather on Asian side. During the cold months Pittsburgh becomes a winter wonderland for a few months. Snow stays on the ground for months and you can't really see so much rain on winters. The summer months bring warm weather to Pittsburgh but June in Pittsburgh is a transition month with cooler nights and the highest rainfall average of the year. Be prepared for anything on spring and fall weather in Pittsburgh can be pretty fickle actually weather in Pittsburgh in general are pretty fickle at times feeling like summer one day and winter the next also it can change during day as well. Turkish cuisine is seen as of the three richest and oldest cooking traditions of the world together with French and Chinese cooking. The diversity of Turkish cuisine reflects the cultures of the populations living in regions highly dissimilar in geography and climate. This has led to an abundance of ingredients and cooking styles. The Southeast and the East are known for the dishes based on cracked wheat and meat with hot spices the Aegean for olive oil dishes enhanced with local herbs the Black Sea region for varieties of anchovy and collard and Istanbul is a world unto itself with among others eggplant dishes which come in no less than 41 sorts. Istanbul cuisine is the cuisine of an imperial city featuring a wide variety of ingredients and cooking styles. It includes dishes and ideas from the cuisine of Jews Greeks and Armenians who were an integral part of Ottoman society. Pittsburgh has always drawn in people from all over the world. During the Industrial Revolution these new Pittsburghers hailed from places like Italy Poland Germany and the Ukraine and these cultures put their stamp on Pittsburgh's homegrown cuisine. Pittsburgh continues to attract people from around the globe. Nearly every neighborhood has a Thai place Mexican food is making inroads and there's a very large population of Indians living in and around town. So that means we can't really say that there is a special Pittsburgh cuisine. It's a cuisine including variety of countries cuisine. In these aspects and others that I didn't mention these two cities are not similar. In my opinion the underlying reason of these EMERGING differences is historical and location diversities. Istanbul is a very big city according to Pittsburgh so that it's very crowded and everything organized considering to that crowd. Being the only city in the world located on two continents makes one of the big dissimilarity from Pittsburgh. Istanbul is a very beautiful city and has good science and sport EXHIBITIONS in the world JUST LIKE Pittsburgh. Both of them are the cities most livable in. Wikipedia the free encyclopedia Pittsburgh ANON_URLSPAGE_Wikipedia the free encyclopedia Istanbul ANON_URLSPAGE_About Pittsburgh ANON_URLSITE_University of Pittsburgh Cool Pittsburgh ANON_URLSPAGE_57th World Newspaper's Congress 11th World Editors Forum Info Services EXPO 2004 ANON URLPAGE
