Places 610 words Pittsburgh and my home city which is Buraydah have an old history. Pittsburgh is located in the U. S. Is the second largest city in the state of Pennsylvania and is the country seat of Allegheny country. Buraydah whose name is ATTRIBUTE to the name of person is the capital city of the Al Qassim Province in the north central Saudi Arabia. It is located on the edge of the wadi Al Rummah which is the longest wadi in the kingdom. ANON_URLSITE_One obvious difference is the education. Pittsburgh has many universities such as University of Pittsburgh CMU and Point Park University. IN CONTRAST Buraydah has just one university which is Alqassem University. HOWEVER there are many majorities of education in Pittsburgh universities such as medical engineering linguistics and business there are some majorities in Buraydah university such as engineering. Also Pittsburgh has many high schools and institutes of learning English. BUT Buraydah has some of high schools and just three institutes of learning English Other area of difference between Pittsburgh and Buraydah is transportation. Whereas Pittsburgh has lots of kind of transportation such as buses cars and taxi Buraydah has not more than one or two transportation. For example in my city all people depend on their cars to move around city because they do not have other choice. People in Pittsburgh can use any transportation depend on their situation. HOWEVER Pittsburgh has international airport Buraydah just has local airport. IN ADDITION TO transportation is climate. Pittsburgh features four distinct seasons with precipitation somewhat evenly spread throughout the year. Summers are hot and humid while winters are cold and snowy. Fall and spring are mild to warm. The warmest month of the year in Pittsburgh is July. The average high temperature is 83 j iw temperatures average 20 I of 250 kilometers and is surrounded by a ring road Between the major tunnel as a highway linking it international up to the border with Jordan through a single region of Mecca as a dual network of roads linking it with the rest of the provinces Qassim. The historic city of Buraydah is one of the old pilgrim routes coming from Iraq through a Zubaydh. IN CONCLUSION Pittsburgh and Buraydah different YET alike. ALTHOUGH the cities differ in many areas such as climate there are lots of similarity between them such as growth of pollution. IN ADDITION both cities have a special history that depend on their country. Finally Pittsburgh and Buraydah consiered to be the oldest cities in their countries.
