Be a potential employee In this competitive society it is hard to find a job that we can handle without abilities. When students become employees they start worrying about being fired because of their abilities. The elder employees have pressures from competitors not to mention the beginners who have just found jobs. Here are three points about self group and company can increase the potential of employees. Character and language are the personal abilities which are the first point the employer will consider. Have strong characters gives employees bid advantages over other competitors. For example being optimistic and never give up are two strong characters which employers admire. When employers examine person's resumes they always consider your characters first. In addition language abilities are the second point they will consider. According to the employment services second language is more and more important for employees. If you have second language it is easy to handle your job. Team work is the other aspect which employers also consider. Communication and cooperation are important in team works. When the team receives a project they have to express their ideas to each other. At this time communication skills can help you to tell other members your opinions. Therefore they can explicitly know what you talk and how you think. After discussing projects team members cooperate with each other to achieve the final goals. These are helpful skills that good employees always use in team works. If you have already had these skills there is the last point you should know. It is how you improve the company's profits. For this reason you must need negotiation and creativity. Negotiation is an ability of reaching agreements with other corporations or earning contracts from competitive enterprises. If you are good at this ability you will be trust because of the profits which is earned from negotiations. Except for earning profits giving the flowing water into the company is also important. This is called creativity which is an ability of creating ideas and stimulation. It will enhance company's framework and improve motivation of employees. In summary today's society is a competitive situation. Being a potential employee is the trend that cannot be ignored. We should improve ourselves at any time. All of these skills influence personal career group cooperation and company profits. Consequentially It also represents that you will win the respect or be fired.
