Friends In our life we meet many people and we like some and dislike some. People we like we consider them as friends and people we do not like we consider them as enemies. Now a day let's consider friends. In dictionary defines friend as A person whom one knows likes and trusts . There are three kinds of friends Acquaintances whom we meet and see only at school friends whom we loose as we grow and best friends who are there for us no matter what kind of situation we are in. First the Acquaintances we see and meet them only in school. We might have known them for ten years but the most subject we spoken to them about is their name and what classes they are taking. These school acquaintances are nice people to talk to but there is never an effort to do anything more than that. If we happen to see them out of school we act like we don't even know them. At most we will just smile to each other. Second the friends that we've known and will know once upon a time who will bring back memories that people think are forgotten. When we are around with these friends we do any thing to have a good time and a good laugh. The most we speak to them about is school work weekends and some parts of our life but never our personal life and our feelings. We have fun together most of the time and we don't mind seeing and hanging out with each other out of school. They are ready to help us with our general problems but in anything else they are most likely to step aside. Final our best friends who are there for us all the time and try to help us out even through our deepest troubles. These friends are always ready to spare their time joys and sorrows may it be ours or theirs and even their lives for us. They have seen us shed tears embarrassed us have been mean to us and also have hurt our feeling. In brief in our life we will meet may people whom we'll stick together and whom we will forget them. This is the circle of life and we can't do anything with that so we should've great time with friends who we have now.
