What do you think the best city is Dammam or Pittsburgh Let's see! Damam which is located in Arabic Gulf or Persian as Iranian people say is the city where I grew up and lived. I had a lot of experiences in it. I still like it because it is the place that I spent my childhood BUT when I finished my high school I went to America aspiring to achieve higher education. I went to Pittsburgh PA which is located in the north Eastern side of America. This city considers being one of the improving cities in America at this time. Actually it is hard to determine whether Pittsburgh is better than my hometown or not. BUT I can see it depends on some factors which are population of the city better climate a longer history and culture attraction. Further explanations will be provided below. The first point which is the population of the city is a CRUCIAL factor to decide whether it is a nice city or not. According to Wikipedia Dammam has approximately 769 000 people which is much bigger than Pittsburgh that has about 316 718 people. Therefore Pittsburgh seems less crowded than Dammam. From my personal perspective I hate Dammam because of crowded of Car and terrible traffic. You just stay on the signal for about one or two hours to get where you want and need. IN CONTRAST Pittsburgh is not as crowded as Dammam ALTHOUGHT it is a big city. Obviously it can be ATTRIBUTED to the COORDINATION of people when they drive. People in Pittsburgh are friendly AS WELL AS people in Dammam. I have met a lot of American students and most of whom were not RELUCTANT to assist me in my random life. One of the important issues is also the safeness of these two cites. As I can see now Pittsburgh is not STABLE. In other words it is very save in the morning but very dangerous at the evening! UNLIKE Dammam that has more security than Pittsburgh. Moreover the climate of the city is considered as one of the major factors to determine whether it is good or bad. Dammam is geographically located adjacent to the tropic of cancer that has some features such as warmness and wetness at the same time in the summer time. UNLIKE Pittsburgh that has really nice weather in the summer. When I was in Dammam People did not go to outside their house because of the extremely warm. They stay inside their house and turn on the air condition which will cost more money. HOWEVER People in Pittsburgh do not need to utilize the air condition in most of cases. It can be ascribed to the geographic location of Pittsburgh. HOWEVER Dammam has nice winter that is not very cold LIKE Pittsburgh. I have experienced the winter time in Pittsburgh. In fact it is extremely terrible for me. I could not endure living at that time. In addition the third point is which of these cities have the longest history To begin with Pittsburgh is an old city. It was founded in September 14 1758. IN CNTRAST Dammam seems to be a new city COMPARE TO Pittsburgh establishment because Dammam was founded at approximately 1900. Founders of Dammam came from country of Bahrain. After King Abdul Aziz King and founder of Saudi Arabia gave them the permission to come back to their indigenous home. HOWEVER Pittsburghers are originally from Europe and specifically France. Finally the culture attraction is an obvious thing we can see at many countries. If we look at Pittsburgh we will find out that French colonizers made a lot of education progress such as establishing Duquesne University because of canalization. UNLIKE Dammam which was colonized by portages who did not make any changes to this city although the depleted most of its resources. In conclusion as I mention above my determination depends on these factors such as the population the weather the longest history and culture attraction. Dammam is my hometown and I really like it. HOWEVER I tend to select Pittsburgh as the best City.
