Smart Phone's Revolution With modern day mobile phones are changed. Increasingly cell phone is the most important thing in professional skills and in personal life. Years ago mobile phones were limited and people needed stay in loco for to solve problems and their life. Talking about new technology based in smart phones there are three categories that will give you flexibility status and fun but talking about mobile phones there are also three categories that can give you flexibility. The first category is the major of competitors they are the smart phones. When we talk about this kind of mobile phone we are talking about the world desires I Phone BlackBerry and HTC Evo Google. This group of mobile phone gave the world the mobility that modern times were asking. In these days we don't need leave for tomorrow what we need to do today. We can work from everywhere we can solve situations from everywhere and also we can decide things now and do it now. This category gave the people the revolution for day by day and the better situation for busy life that we are living. The second category is the most mobile phone that the market had and still have maybe a ten years ago. This category does not have 3G technology they have GSM technology that also give you mobility but with some restrictions. With this mobile phone groups you can access personal e mails and have a limited access in the internet. This category was the beginning of the mobile phones revolution. This technology has brought the internet available for people try to solve their life by mobile phones but with some limitations like just read and answer their e mails. Also they have limited technology. The third and last category is the basics mobile phones. This group of mobile phone has small size heavy when we compare with some smart phones and with limited or without big technology. The basics mobile phone has around all prices all sizes and millions brands available in the stores. This category gives us also the flexibility but just the flexibility for to call answer the calls send SMS and voice message. Despite the revolution of smart phones the basic mobile phone continue to lead sales of mobile phones because their price and their facilities to earn one. In conclusion talking about technology of mobile phones there are three categories which will give you flexibility and convenience in their day to day. When we are talking about new and revolutionary technology we must have to talk about smart phones. They really can to solve our personal and professional life. They also can save our time in this our busy life that we are living.
