Transportations Everyone who lives in the earth needs transportations. As transportations' science and technology develop people who live in different corners of the earth become close and their life become convenient. According to their running space we can classify them into three categories land transportations sea transportations and air space transportations. As we know cars buses and bikes are the most common in our daily life. They are suited for short distance. You may drive a car to work or go shopping. You may go to school by bus or by bike. Also you can drive about six hours to New York from Pittsburgh unless you really enjoy driving. Six hours driving will make you exhausted. To avoid this Greyhound is a better choice. Sea transportations are the slowest in all long distance transportations. Nobody would be willing to spend several days on taking ship to target location. Nevertheless some people prefer watching marine seascape so they are glad to travel by sea transportation such as cruise ship. Cruise ship is a big ship that can hold a large number people. Tourist can be provided different kinds of facilities and good services on the ship. People usually use cargo ship to transport mails that are bulky but not in hurry. Though it would cost much more time but due to their cheapest prices sea transportations are wildly used in freight transport. If you are looking for transportation that is the fastest for your travel airplanes are very useful. Planes have many different sizes but how do airlines choose planes In my opinion it usually depends on the quantity of passengers and the distance between two locations. In international flights there are many passengers aboard. Consequently international flights use big planes such as Boeing 777 so that it may reduce using fuels and times. Meanwhile there are much fewer passengers in local flights therefore small size planes are always chosen. Generally land transportations are used in daily life while sea transportations are used in freight transport and air space transportations are applicable in the longest distance and the fastest travels. Because of many kinds of transportation we get more choices for travels.
