Succeeding in my Career Before my graduating from a university I was not certain about my career path . However after I worked in three banks within four and a half years I knew what field I wanted to work in . As we all know the major part of a bank's revenue is acquired from the loan business. Spending future made money enjoying present entertainment is a contemporary consumer culture all over the world. Mortgage is built on the foundation of ancient pawnbroking. The modern technology of mortgage classifies the function of the pawnbroking . My professional plan for a career is to become a mortgage manager. I 'm proud of my operational skills and knowledge of economic policy such as exchange rate policy in my country and I am confident of my interpersonal skills and the ability of problem solving. Therefore the three factors I list above are essential for me to succeeding in my future career. Obviously the most important skill needed to succeed in becoming a mortgage manager is the possession of interpersonal skills. It's so much fun to express myself wherever I go . One of the wonderful things about communicating with someone is conveying my happiness and sincerity . I enjoy making new friends at a party and keeping in touch with real estate companies so that I can get more information about my potential customers . Moreover I like spending time on getting to know existing clients because I have to know as much as possible about my clients' need so that I can expand my business. I think cultivating real dialogue might solidify the relationship with a client . The second important skill is my work experience and professional knowledge. For instance I passed the exam of counterfeit currency issued by China Central Bank . Eventually I got the qualification certificate for counterfeit currency. Furthermore every case can be handled within speed. In some cases I should pay my attention to check the large amounts of cash in a short time to get rid of any mistake which could be lead benefit loss for our bank. Meanwhile I do not think an officer who works in an operational department and does an ordinary work looks like a robot. This is a basic for every new colleague to start his or her career. Fully mastering the whole operational work flow line helps me understand economic policy . It helps me to set an professional appearance in front of my clients as well. Last but not least problem solving ability can be improved by social experience. You never know what you can do till you try . I never say no to my friends when we have different opinions but I try to talk them into understanding my opinion. And I never say no to my boss because the decision cannot be drawn by me. Therefore I would tell my boss that I fully agreed with his plan and that we will achieve a great goal according to his perspective. Then I would ask for his support as in an IT systerm so that we will do it even better. On the other hand problem solving can help me reduce inessential troubles and increase sales opportunities . In summary the most essential abilities for a mortgage manager consist of interpersonal skills education and problem solving. Fire is the test of gold. I just need an opportunity and I 'm waiting for that day. I am looking forward to possessing a high limited authority of handling a mortgage case in the near future.
