There is no doubt that advance in the division of labor plays an important role in the economic growth. The division of labor takes place in a bigger market. Bigger markets are tend to develop in big cities. Transportation is very important for long run economic growth. Transport or transportation is the movement of people and goods from one location to another. Modes of transport include air land and sea. First there are many methods of transport by land such as bicycles buses trains. Bicycles are a means to get from one point to another without being financially burden. However only one person may be transported at a time and it requires a great deal of effort from the body especially the legs. The bus is another method of transportation which does not require effort from the body but the use of gasoline. With the bus more than one person may be carried to their destination of choice. Finally the train is a method that portrays speed comfort and a huge accommodation with the use of coal for the older modules and electricity for the newer ones. Second there are many methods of transport by air for example aero plane and helicopter. Aero planes are huge enough to carry more than 100 people vehicles and other artifacts for example crafts for a museum. Even though it is capable of carry a lot of items and people it also consume a lot of gasoline when transporting objects or persons from point to point. Another advantage is that it capable of travelling long distances . The helicopter is also another method of transportation within the air but it the complete opposite to the aero plane. The helicopter is small and may only transport less than six persons and small items. The helicopter is only known for travelling short distances. Third there are many methods of transport by sea for instance cruise ships and jet skis. Cruise ships take you from counter to counter and it's carry more than 100 people it is capable of carry a lot of items and people it also consume a lot of diesel in order to operate their engines . Another method of transport by sea is the jet ski. Jet skis are used for recreation transport on the sea. One or two persons may ride the jet ski at a time. It is used primarily for having fun on the sea. In conclusion there are many methods of transportation whether it be by land sea or air. Transportation is very important in today's society. It is used by many to transport valuable transport themselves or as a way of just having fun.
