Succeeding in my Career Let your brain be like a sponge. These were my teacher's words when I first met her. When thinking about these words I realize how important it is to absorb information learn from others' experiences keep educating myself and stay open to the world around me. I have always dreamed of becoming a successful person. I have been ambitious since I was a child. If I want to achieve something I simply plan for it. Planning organizing leading and controlling are four secrets that I have used to achieve my goals. I've used these elements in every part of my life. They have become essential parts of my personality and I believe they will help me in my career. In fact I learned the importance of these elements when I studied business administration at the university. I still recall the professor's advice these words that have influenced me The four elements or functions of any successful management are planning organizing leading and controlling. The first key to success in life is to plan for it. I've always known this secret and have used it all the time. When I set a plan I state my goals . I evaluate my resources my abilities and the outside factors that can affect my decision. Taking all these things into consideration has helped me to manage my life. In addition imagining a scenario for what may happen in the future contributes in helping me to predict the potential risks measure them and be prepared all the time. I believe that planning is an essential concept in the field of management and having this skill will help me to succeed in this field. In addition organizing is an important element which relates to planning. After I plan for something I organize my resources. I identify the actions and the tasks that need to be done to achieve my ultimate goal. A simple example for the use of organizing in my life is organizing or managing my time. Like any resource time is very important and it plays a vital role especially in the field of management. I believe that my extensive education in the field of business administration has made me more aware of the importance of time. In fact I have learned that time is as important as the financial resources or the human resources. Being aware of the importance of time has helped me to increase the efficiency of achieving my desirable results. Moreover another necessary skill that managers need is the leadership skill. From my perspective the successful leader is the one who sets directions and guidelines for others to accomplish the organization's goals. He listens to others realizes and appreciates the importance of their opinions and knows when to use these opinions. I realize the importance of the leading skill and the influence of good leaders on employees therefore on the job quality. I believe that my ability to work under pressure encourage myself encourage others listen to them and persuade them will help me to become a good leader. Nevertheless none of the previously mentioned skills will work effectively without the use of the controlling function. Controlling means making sure that goals are being achieved according to the plan and making corrections if needed. This skill has helped me to stay on the right track because I always have feedback about my performance. Finally planning organizing leading and controlling are four skills that have helped me to succeed in life and I believe they will help me to succeed in my career. In addition to using these four skills I always try to improve myself because I strongly believe that in light of the rapid progress of society people who don't advance will retreat.
