There are many jobs requiring different skills. Having a strong background and talent can help you flourish in your job. I hope to become Civil engineering in my country Kuwait. A civil engineer is a professional engineering discipline that deals with the design construction and maintenance of the physical and naturally built environment. In addition this is job is most popular in my country. There are three skills that will help me succeed in my job leadership creativity and knowledge. Leadership is an important quality that needs confidence determination and flexibility. Without confidence I will not be able to lead long. For example the manger for a company does not have confidence you will see the employees are not respect the roles. I need to be determined to do the best I can and give a maximum effort . Flexibility will help me to become a leader easy. It can help me to communicate with people easily and make a friendship swiftly. Civil engineering is a job that craves creativity and is the most important rule that underpins any project. To be creative I will need to be original and imaginative. This job depends on how to create buildings and designs. Open mind will allow me to let the creatively flow such as create a new design in building or use the history in structure that can help you me to be creatively. Knowledge is a key to succeeding in this job. A strong educational background is significant for the job. In order to keep my skills up. I need to be well rounded in my field and I know the in's and out's of civil engineering. Basher's degree is enough to be engineer and involve in volunteer project in engineering that can help you to learn from other people ideas also practice to create a prototype design can improve your skills. In summary leadership creativity and knowledge are three necessary qualities that I need to succeed in. I hope to learn these qualities throughout my college experience. I advise everyone who is thinking about his job in the future to put his plan in place form now and begin working on it.
