It is very important for everyone to have regular exercise. Having a regular exercise is good for your body and it also helps you to improve your immune system. When we talk about sports there are a lot of interesting and exciting sports. Different sports have different rules. For example the rule of basketball is totally different from that of the tennis. You just have to choose what you are interested in and give it a try. Later or sooner you will enjoy it. First kind of all sports is that you have to play with a ball. No other equipments. For example when you play basketball football or soccer you just play it with a ball. You do not need any other racket or bat. In general they all play with a ball but they have different rule. When you play basketball you can not kick the ball. When you play soccer you can use your leg and your body but you can not touch the ball with your hands. When you play football hands legs and your body are all allowed. The second kind of sport is that you not only need a ball but you also need other things to help you. You need racket bat or other equipments. For example you need a racket when you want to play badminton or tennis. Baseball players need bat helmets and gloves. Hockey is not an exception. As I mentioned before different sports have different rule. You can play badminton and tennis by yourself or with your partner. But if you want to play hockey or baseball you need your teammates. The last kind of sports is that you do not need anything. For example running dancing or aerobics. What you have to do is shake your body wave your legs and jump. It is very easy and the cheapest things. You do not need to spend any penny. You can run on the machine or run on the street. You can practice Hip Hop or the Waltz. All sports are including in those three kinds of sports. You just need to pick one sport that you like. Keep having regular exercise and you will like it. All you need to do is try to fit this exercise into your daily life.
