TRANSPORTATION Since the human civilization evolves people have expressed the interest to move to communicate and to exchange goods. To come up with it the human intelligence created the means of transports. The transportation is the process of the movement of people and goods from one location to another location. It has been developed since centuries. The mode of transport includes air transport land transport and river or sea transport. First the air transport consists of different types of engines that can be used according different purposes. A massive circulation of many types of engine according their missions civil or military conquers the airspace. The civil aviation uses a lot of kind of performance airplanes for people transportation and for the intercontinental trade. For example the boeing company has revolutionized the air transport with its giant and top commercial engines the fixed wings aircraft commonly called airplane and that is different to rotary wing aircraft is used for heavy transport because of its loading capacity and its scale. Boeings are the powerful airplanes rivaled by European Airbus that impress in sky as well. The private air transport uses the jets though there are commercial jets such as the sonic cruiser a jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound. Furthermore the military aviation impresses much more with their monsters flying in the sky. The MIG the bombers the furtive shuttles and the helicopters of hunting are all ready for the strategic and great scale missions. All these means of air transport need airport to land and loading and unloading crew passengers and cargo. Obviously helicopters are used for short distances and inaccessible places. The aircraft is the second fastest method of transport after the rocket. Then one of the common means of transport is land transport. The land transport is much more effective and less cheaper by its multitude of locomotion engines. Though it is not the fastest. First it includes rail transport that is where trains run along railway. Next the road is an identifiable way between two places buses trucks motorcycles bicycles and pedestrians use it to move to different places. In addition people may also use tramway cable cars and the intercity trains being the fastest mode of land transport and operating between two cities. In some undeveloped regions in the world people still use animals to move and carry goods. In the military land transport there are engines much more remarkable and frighten such as tanks. Finally the last means of transport is the river transport. The water transport is the process to transport a watercraft such as barge boat ship or sailboat. The oil companies use the petroleum ship on the sea and the army utilizes les carry plane boat. In conclusion the transport remains a key factor for the economic and commercial development of a country while taking place in the three sectors area air land and river transport.
