Word count 623 When we COMPARED my home city Al Hassa which is located in the east of Saudi Arabia WITH Pittsburgh which is located in the United States we will find huge differences and some similarities. Some differences are transportation building structures wedding and weather. Also there are some similarities such as an area size and a population. In my city we don't have public transportations but we have a private transportation which means that some companies have some buses and they serve people by carrying them from one place to another people always get these buses when they want to go far away however they get taxi when the place is not far away. In the other hand Pittsburgh has a successful transportation system. Every street in Pittsburgh area there is a bus stop sign. For example when you live in Squirrel Hill and you want to go to school then you just stand on the street and you will find buses go to school. NOTE ONLY the transportation is different from my city BUT ALSO the building structures. People in my city always use concrete when they want to build their houses. But people in Pittsburgh always use wood when they want to build their houses. Our houses consist of bed rooms kitchen guest room and living room and they separate from each other. In Pittsburgh the kitchen is open on the dining room in the first floor and the bed room is located in the second floor. Also in Pittsburgh almost every house has basement but in my city we don't have basement for every house. Weddings are different from country to another and from city to another. In my city we have a group of wedding which many people get married at the same time and the same place. Also all people in the city are invited to come and join that event which is happened every summer. We build huge camps to accommodate the delegations and we celebrate this event for two days. The first day start from 4pm to 11pm and we serve food for guests then we start the celebration. The second day people come and congratulate the bridegrooms and their families and it start from 4pm to 6 pm. In Pittsburgh people always celebrate and do their wedding in church and they invite their families and their friends. Also they serve foods and drinks for gusts and in some wedding you have to pay for your drink. The weather in Pittsburgh is cold in the spring and warm in the summer. The snow is covered the Pittsburgh area in the spring but the snow is never fall down in Al Hassa area. Also the area in Pittsburgh is green and there are a lot of trees. In Al Hassa city the weather is very hot and humid because it is beside the sea. It is not raining even in the spring and if it is going to rain it will be rain for 2 to 3 hours. Palms are kind of trees and they are famous in Al Hassa city. Also we get dates from these trees. Even though there are some differences between Pittsburgh city and Al Hassa city there are some similarities between Pittsburgh city and Al Hassa city. The similarities are an area size and a population. Al Hassa area size is almost same as Pittsburgh area size. The local population is living in both cities and they work in the same cities. In conclusion the differences between these both cities make people try to visit theme and know the history for these cities. Pittsburgh and Al Hassa oasis have a long history and there are some features that the tourism can visit them.
