Succeeding in my Career How do you become a successful business manager What kind of personality do you need to have According to a report that most big companies recruit new employees by searching for the personality type they want. The three most important characteristic companies look for are leadership problem solving and interpersonal skills. To be a successful manager the most important ability is leadership. If you have great organizing skills and are responsibilities controlling and active then these personal characteristics are foundation to good leadership. Some characteristics may be naturally present in the personality of a leader. However each of these characteristics can also be developed and strengthened. A good leader whether they naturally possess these qualities or not will be diligent to consistently develop and strengthen them in their leadership role. The leader has a plan to achieve a goal. He doesn't get too bogged down in the details that's what managers are for but rather uses a high level plan to keep everyone moving together toward the goal. Having problem solving skills will help you achieve a goal effectively. Do everything with experimentation behaviorism introspection and negotiation. I believe you will yield twice the result with half the effort. Experience makes things easier. If you have done the work before the second time you do it it will be very easy to handle it. When some companies want to recruit they will choose the one candidates who have more experience. Important interpersonal skills of a business worker must have. Communication optimism enthusiasm and good time management can help you do your job succeed. Having interpersonal skills increases the productivity in the organization since the number of conflicts is reduced. In informal situations it allows communication to be easy and comfortable. People with good interpersonal skills can generally control the feelings that emerge in difficult situations and respond appropriately instead of being overwhelmed by emotion. If you have leadership problem solving and interpersonal skills you will succeed in the career that you want. If you don't have the innate ability don't worry. I believe most good qualities can be learned. Target the profession and start to become a professional.
