Cultures of the World In this world there are many different cultures but each area has a similar culture. That is normal if we know how were create those societies. When someone read about each area they will find many common things for example the Arab culture western culture and eastern culture. First Arab culture normally the culture is different from country to country but there are each group have close cultures such as the Golf area the Arab Morocco area and the Sham area but in general all of them have a same culture we call it the Arab culture. They are participants for the language. They are almost Muslims with some minority from other religions. According to Arab tradition they are prefer to eat on the floor. The Arab person is usually rather the family life. They receive the guests every time. About a family life always just a father who is a responsible for every things. The Arab often are not respect the time. Second western culture they are similar for many customs but they have a different language. All most they are Christian religion. They are like to working a long time. Actually the weather encouraged to do that. In general they prefer to independent life more than the family life. For example usually the western person wants to establish his business by his self he rather to find an appropriate girl who is sharing his life. They are respect the time. Finally eastern culture they have a same feature eyes and nose that make them similar. Their lives and works are collectively such as They prefer to living by groups they are workaholic that is the best reason to production abundance. They prefer to eat together. They are using the harder kind of spoon in the world to eat. A larger part of them are bagan as well as the other parts are no religion. In my opinion the best way to know or to learn about cultures are the travels also the second way by internet or media. I wrote many information by my experience. I got them through the travel around the world so I have good experience about the Arab culture Western culture and Eastern culture.
