The success is always the purpose to be achieved in any professional. In political science it is not different and it can be reached if the person knows or has some abilities. There are some means in order to help people to realize it. In this professional field the skills can be categorized in three different groups general knowledge of world politics specific knowledge of one or two subjects and knowledge of two or more languages. The most significant and foremost way to become a renowned professional is to have a wide vision and knowledge of world politics and of course of their country of origin. This comprehension will be essential before of final decision that is to choose the path of next step of professional life. In the politics science the areas are infinite since it can be intimately linked with economy or psychology anthropology or sociology. Therefore a high acquaintance will be important as support of final decision that indeed this choice must be made with an area closest related to their academic study. After acquiring this broad knowledge the political scientists specialize in one or two areas and study it deeply. This is a natural process in behalf of contributing ever more with the politics and logically with their success. In this moment the choice should focus in two points as a wedding. On one hand with their knowledge and their goal and on the other hand with the area that can be still investigated. Thus their research will be important to clarify something to society. If the scientists respond some doubts of society indeed they will be successful. It is also as important as other knowledge to conquer other languages. The politics gave rise firstly in Greece and Italy and after it spreaded to other cultures such as France England and United States where politics lived its revolutionary moments. As a result of this politics has not only one language but also is worldwide. Therefore researchers and politics are of the whole world and its books and ideas have been gaining a global rise of importance. In sum the knowledge should be the main ability to be sought. Through of knowledge any person can reach its dreams and become to be successful. These three factors said above are essential in the political science. If these are not all at least they can be a good start.
