Today the world is depends on electronics. Since it has penetrated into our lives we can't live without the electronics. It has became essential units to people. On the other hand there are many people who are trying to improve these units. They the researcher are developing technology which can be useful and convenient to user. To be successful researcher we need three aspects which is analysis ability knowledge and creative thoughts. The researchers in electronics are kind of an engineer. The common ability that the engineer needs is analysis ability. They need to recognize the problems that people have and enhance the system. People who don't have the analysis ability can recognize the problems but they can't fix it. Considering it with a different point of view they need to analyze the previous device to make advanced device. The other aspect the researcher need is knowledge. This knowledge is not the knowledge about electronics the circuit. The knowledge of circuit is the knowledge what they naturally have. The second aspect knowledge is knowledge of other things. Like knowledge of materials physics chemicals and so on. If they have these kind of knowledge they can get inspiration from them and combine them into one. Not just for researcher most of today's career require diverse knowledge. However the most ability that researcher need is creativity. Within design customers and users are sick of old design. It is same in electronics. Especially in circuit which is most main part in electronics even normal people who have little knowledge of circuits can recognize how advanced technology has used. Researchers need to be creative to make new technologies which can make devices efficient. As most human uses electronics it has to be improved. The research need to study and make more advanced ones with the abilities which mentioned above. Although they have those abilities those are not the only things they need to have. They need abilities in other aspects too. However the abilities that mentioned above are the most crucial abilities for the successful researchers.
