CLASSIFICATION ESSAY FINAL DRAFT Despite the financial crisis that has been occurring since 2008 highly competent financial analysts are still hired by largest corporations or small firms. Are you proficient in finance Have you the expertise to deal with stocks and investments Are you ready to involve in a large corporation or a small business unit If yes maybe you have what it takes to combine your passion for finance with a successful career. In order to succeed in the career of financial analyst you must possess the following skills corporate and public finance knowledge computer skills and team management aptitude. First a financial analyst must have a strong background in corporate and government finance and mathematical modeling skills. Typically almost all of the financial analysts hold a MS is Finance. In some rare cases a four year BS in Finance or related fields for example in accounting with outstanding grades is acceptable. In addition to this the proof of three to five years of work experience in the same position in a renowned company a risk modeling consultancy firm or an investment banks is highly appreciated. The second important skill needed to succeed in the career of financial analyst is computer skill. While mastering finance theory this will not be sufficient to launch one into the business. You must deal with financial analysis software for financial forecasts and predictions. You will also need to be highly IT literate with expert knowledge of Excel and VBA and or other programming tools. Other advantageous IT skills are Monte Carlo simulation techniques and or optimization techniques such as dynamic programming. The mastering of MS Office suite or other is recommended for reports writing and presentations. Finally possessing interpersonal skills should not be overlooked. You'll need to have team management aptitudes. A financial analyst almost of all the time leads a team of various people from the computer and databases programmer who provides data to the statistician who performs complex macroeconomics models. In addition to this communication skills are required for oral presentations as a financial analyst deals with private institutional and sovereign investors. In summary financial analysis is a high competences but fast growing field in which one could launch an exciting and lucrative career. In order to succeed a financial analyst must have strong knowledge in finance or other related fields high IT skills and the ability to communicate with his team member and colleagues alike or his clients in particular the investors. Having these skills one can lead to a brilliant career in Banking and investment firms.
