The Bad Side of the World The creator supposed that the human whom he created are equal. All men are born equal and life liberty and the pursuit of happiness are their inalienable rights. At the first I agreed with this sentence but after deep thinking I have changed my mind. This point of view is right but it doesn't accord with reality. In my perspective though they might be born equal as they grow up they would change differently. In many cases some of men are still living in the world that is full of unfairness oppression and suffering. Nowadays many people live in unfair situation. As the economy develops the overbalancing in global distribution of property is becoming increasingly severe. Parts of people become rich while the others are afflicted by the worse poverty. For example in capitalism the ultimate goal of capitalist is battening on most surplus value created by workers. It means that employers don't care about employees' welfare and benefits. Employees must work more. Nevertheless they only get poor salaries. In a company the salary of a CEO is 100 times as that of an employee. It is really unfair but employees could not change. The reason is that they are poor and they need money to support their lives and families. In this unfair case the men who are rich and strong become more and more affluent meanwhile the people who are becoming more and more barren. In addition oppression embodies the domination between strong one and weaker one without liberty. In some countries the governments dominate the populace. In these countries people must be submissive to all the arrangement of their government although it is harmful for people. Corruptions abound in the country and the functionaries of government may have briberies. Even though the governments seek their benefits by harming populace people cannot say anything. Actually people do not have right to parade and demonstration. Sensitive subjects are banned to publish. It means that people do not have abilities to resist their government. They only live in silence and without human rights. Furthermore a war would demand of us enormous sacrifices of life and property and deprive our happiness. There were two most disastrous wars that broke up in throughout history World War I and World War II. During these periods many people lost their homes their families and their lives. The worst thing is that nuclear the most lethality as a weapon in the world has been used. In 1945 Hiroshima was bombed. 24 000 People died in this nuclear explosion and Survivals lived in fear and desperation. It also took Japan 20 years to recover. People who live there still suffer harm of nuclear currently. It was the only nuclear explosion in the world but its damage was not able to measure. After World War II people have been rebuilding their homeland. However wars still exist locally. For instance Middle East War The Iran Iraq War Gulf War The United States Afghanistan War etc. War has caused the great suffering and losses to the local people and posed a serious threat to world peace. Men are created equal but due to many reason it has changed. The relationships between men have been becoming unfair. Some men are living in oppressive counties and suffering the damage of wars. These bad things are all attributed to human's deep rooted selfish behaviors. It is difficult to change a lot except revolution. However we can do our bests to modify these kinds of situation.
