SUCCEEDING IN MY CAREER Having the right abilities and trying to keep them up to date are important matters in each individual's plan to achieve professional success. As a physician working with patients is challenging. You need to have certain skills or abilities in order to play an excellent role. If you want to become a good physician here are some skills that might help you to reach your goals having the ability to acquire knowledge to react appropriately under stressful situations and to have good interpersonal relationships. The most important skill needed to succeed as a physician is the ability to acquire knowledge. Being a good physician implies having the habit of studying hard. In the field of medicine new knowledge never ends. Doctors need to be up to date with all the medical advances. Continuing education is important to succeed in this profession. Starting even before medical school doctors need to get used to the fact that studying hard every day is necessary. The ability to acquire knowledge easily might be developed over the course of medical school but it is continued throughout life. This ability is useful to succeed as a doctor. The second most important skill is the ability to react appropriately under stressful situations. This ability might only be acquired through years of experience. In the medical field every patient is different and the way that each patient responds to any medical situation is different as well. Doctors need always to be prepared to react appropriately in each situation. In order to acquire this ability many years of training and experience are necessary. Physicians can develop this ability over the course of their training years. During this period physicians work under the supervision of attendings. Nevertheless attendings cannot teach physicians how to react and this skill or ability must be developed independently over time. Last but not least physicians need to have good interpersonal relationships. Being a physician you are interacting with patients all the time. Sometimes they are so demanding and difficult to deal with. Relationships are not important only with patients. However physicians have to establish relationships with all the hospital staff as well. Due to the considerable amount of time that physicians spend in hospitals interpersonal skills are necessary. This skill can be useful to physicians if they want to succeed in their career. In conclusion having certain abilities is important if you want to achieve success in this special field. Acquiring knowledge reacting appropriately in medical situations and having good interpersonal relationships are some of the multiple ways that you can flourish in your career.
