Henri Nouwen's Writing How do you feel about writing What are those feelings that come alive while you write These are interesting questions that Henri Nouwens the internationally renowned priest and author wrote in one of his famous books called Seeds of Hope. I agree with the author about some experiences that sometimes we live through writing. The pain and anxiety that come with writing the troubles to express what we really want to say and the satisfaction that finally comes at the end of writing. Writing is often the source of great pain and anxiety. Nowens wrote this phrase about writing in his book. This caught my attention because I can identify with it. I personally find a strong connection with those words. The anxiety that comes for some people when they write could be indescribable. Nouwens says that even after many years of writing he is still experimenting real fear when he faces an empty page. For me it is the same feeling. I just recently started writing and after many hours of thinking when I finally have to write down my thoughts I always experience anxiety just like him. As a non writer it is difficult to express in one paper all the ideas that we have in our minds and our hearts. In addition for Nouwens writing sometimes seems impossible to express what he really wants to say. Most of the time we cannot find the exact words to communicate our ideas. They are always only in our heads. As a writer I think is a big challenge to express to the readers all the things that we want to say. For me I share the same feeling with the author. Trying to hook the readers in something that I write is a biggest challenge for me. Sometimes I feel frustration when all my ideas just stay in my mind or when writing it turns impossible for me. However Nouwens has mentioned something encouraging in his book. Writing can be also a big satisfaction. In contrast writing can also awaken other kinds of feelings. The feelings that he has experienced can turns into something positive. The deepest satisfaction that he has lived through the writing is what helps him overcome all the fears that he faces when he sees an empty page. I share the same opinion with the author because I always experience a deep satisfaction when I can see all my thoughts on a piece of paper. In conclusion all the feelings that we can experience while writing something are the feelings that help us to be a better writers. Nouwens talked about how writing can be painful but at the very end of this big process it can turn into something that just can bring satisfaction to our lives. I totally agree with Nouwens. I like the duality of writing it can be so hard but at the same time can be very pleasant.
