Reaction Essay after I read these two paragraphes written by Henri Nouwen . I was deeply expressed by the author's firm belief in writing. The title of his book seeds of hope it may implies that you can not control what will happen in your mind while writing . Even if the essay is not really revealed the inner feeling of you but you can also acquire something from it . As a good writer there should be consisted of a proper topic definite logical thought and a broad range of social experience in an essayperhaps most of us will encounter troubles to write a essay when we face the empty page. Obviously there was a suffering before we choose a proper topic for an essay. In my view an proper topic could make our essay different from other's on the other hand if we put a common topic into an unique perspective or if we have an unique concept of an common topic it implies that we have achieved success in half of our way. 2Nd we need to familiarize ourselves with the topic we choose. The common interest can attract attention since the great mind think alike. In addition we should organize our headmap in a definite logical thought prior to writing. Because our audiences are friends classmates teachers or bosses. For me preparing for a pre existence thought always occupy my most part of time. I fully agree with this sentence sometimes it seems that every sentence fails to express what I really want to say how does it come because we do not completely prepare for our words . On the contrary free writing without any direction will deviate our topic. The last point of my view is that writing is founded on life experience and life practice . Cited from the writing itself reveal to us what is alive in us the sour of an essay comes from interpretation of life . Only those sophisticated persons possess treasures that come from inner life. Writing is not only present our feeling but it also need to reveal the darkness of society or the amoral cases in the society. Moreover writing means the a positive signal should be sent to civil in order to improve the individual quality. General speaking true writing include of appropriate topic ability of fluent presentation and rich life experience. Henri Nouwen a professional writer I agree with part of his views . Especially this sentence below the writing itself reveals to us what is alive in us nonetheless to write is to embark on a journey whose final destination we do not know in my view this type of writing is only appropriate for a novel .
