Sunset Do you know the power that sunshine has A beautiful sunset can give you an insight about your life. The sunshine has been used since many years ago by Buddhists to get energy for have a good life. There are three reactions that I feel when I see a sunset. I can feel a great happiness great peace and a strong desire for doing something new in my life. My first feeling is a great happiness. In these times that we are living a busy life with hard work hard study family house for take care happiness is being forgotten for us. Sometimes when we stop a little bit we remember that it exists. The colors of sunset mix with sky colors and the sunshine give me pleasure in living and it is capable change my mood my bad feelings and my mind. Bright and vibrant colors can give a great happiness. My second feeling is great peace inside of me. Peace like happiness also is being forgotten because of these busy days. Peace is a feeling that should walk together with happiness. If you have peace in your heart consequently you will have happiness. A sunset has this power the power of give me peace. When I stop for watching a sunset I can feel a great peace sensation. A sunset is like a ritual for you get the peace of mind. I can stay quiet just breathing and listening to the song of the birds when the sun is going down thinking in my life making new plans and feeling peace in my heart and in my mind. My third and last feeling is strong desire for to do something new in my life. Acquired good energy and vibrations of sunset I feel me able to change some things in my life I feel me more confident. The sunshine can give me good vibrations and desire for to do something new. The sunshine has a power of make me feel courageous and will have to move on with my thoughts and projects. When I stop to watch a sunset I can stay in peace and think better my life I can figure out what I really want and do better tomorrow. In conclusion sunset have an amazing power to transmit energy to the viewer. The sunshine awakens three great feelings happiness peace and the desire for doing something new in my life. These feelings can give me the power to keep walking and living. Sometimes you should try receiving the sun energy for you live better.
