Hernan Last Name Wrinting 4 July 8 2010. Reading Analyzing Arguments and Writing Crucial Kinds of Competence of a Philosopher. From ancient Greece to our days philosophers have been discussing the meaning of the concept of philosophy. One can say that all philosophical schools and philosophers have proposed a novel and complex comprehension of philosophy. One can categorize the most outstanding or relevant definitions about philosophy in two vast groups. Some ancient and recent philosophers regard philosophy as an art of living. Other contemporary philosophers affirm that philosophy is not related to the daily life of those who figure out the concepts. Both philosophical traditions have important members however recently there has been an increasing interest in the mainstream that regards philosophy as an art of living. This return to the ancient perspective about philosophy involves some significant factors such as the methods used to analyze the books and this is the most relevant aspect the attitude of the philosophers. This new perspective has implications for the skills that the students have to develop. In this essay I'll describe some abilities that help you to find a successful way in this amazing career of philosophy. Three skills are essential to become a genial creative and distinguished philosopher. The first crucial skill is loving reading. The second skill is analyzing the arguments carefully. The third skill is writing about problems that are constant in the history of philsophy but in different ways. Let me explain how you could adquire these kinds of academic competence. In order to demonstrate the extraordinary benefits for your philosophical career when you read you can affirm that reading is the number one alternative to indicate a solid achievement. If you read then you acquire a complex structure of thought that lets you interpret and assess distinct phenomena in many ways. Reading is the most special skill to target in the area of philosophy. Reading is a challenge which implies deciphering the resources used by the one who composed the text. You can acquire this ability to read everyday. Select the reading of your interest. Choose relevant topics that are connected with the area of philosophy that you evidently want to study. Reading philosophical resources is an important alternative to incorporate new vocabulary . Also you learn to modify the meaning of some crucial categories that philosophers use to explain philosophical phenomena. Analyzing arguments is another ability in which you should train. As you know the most essential tool with which philosophers work is texts. You should utilize the methods and strategies to study the concepts and valid reasons carefully. The way in which you achieve this skill will be to deconstruct texts that is to say exploring the parts of the text as a complex structure that excludes and incorporates the most outstanding ideas perspectives and concepts of an epoch. This ability lets you find the main target that the philosophers proposed in their works. Analyzing arguments has a positive impact on your profession. The last skill is writing. The training of philosophy corresponds with the composition of texts. An authentic philosopher is someone who creates interesting texts in which the most relevant problems in the history of philosophy are illustrated. A hard hitting philosophical text is one that implies rethinking the philosophical tradition and establishing novel perspectives. A way to achieve becoming a good writer is summarizing the philosophical books that you read. This exercise will be the safe route to building a successful philosophical career. Writing is an adventure in which you select distinct concepts that are potential tools to draw a beautiful landscape of words. This intellectual abilities will be the most important tool to get a sucessful philosophical carrer. Don't forget that constantly work on these skills will be the key to achieve your goal. These skills have a unexpecting potential value. Try to read everyday try to examined texts and try to write about philosophical issue. The way of philosophy is will awating to you.
