Seoul and Pittsburgh dynamism vs. Relaxation I. Introduction The Economist placed Pittsburgh on the list of the most livable cities in the world. According to the magazine the city was in 29th place in the world and the top in the U. S. In terms of livability 2009 . As a resident of Pittsburgh do you agree regardless of your pride inspired by the result of the survey Most of all the survey itself is very interesting because livability is the concept based on the residents' opinion about the city which they experience. However it could trigger a debate on objectivity by nature Kotkin raises a question whether the London based researchers used appropriate criteria in the survey. Forbes 2009 . They carried out the research by using five categories of criteria which include stability health care culture and environment education and infrastructure and declared that cities that aren't too big too crowded or too crime ridden could be classified as the most livable cities Carpenter 2009 . On the other hand Kotkin suggests that the concept of livability be changed and livable cities for ordinary people not for elite have dynamic movement and blueprint of its urban future arguing that the cities picked by the London based magazine are livable only for the upper class Forbes 2009 . Then as an ordinary person if I choose a city where I want to live how do I choose between Pittsburgh and Seoul which is a mega city and the capital of Korea Seoul and Pittsburgh seem to be on opposite sides in other words Pittsburgh comes up to standards of The Economist while its counterpart does to those of Kotkin. The following three criteria which would be used to compare the two cities include public service system cost of living and environment which could be said to be key elements to decide if a city is livable. . Three criteria to decide livability 1. Public service system Seoul has over ten million residents whose number accounts for about one fifth of the population of Korea. The population density in Seoul is the highest among OECD members and 16 700 people struggle to use each 1km stems to handle many problems resulting from the over crowded situation. On the contrary Pittsburgh has over 300 000 residents and its population density is 2 176 km Pittsburgh n. D. . When it comes to efficiency and cost Seoul's public service system seems to be one step ahead. Given its overwhelming population it's no wonder that the city government concentrates its effort on developing effective ways to administrate the enormously complicated mega city. Moreover Seoul has a reputation of being one of the most wired cities in the world so its public service system which includes transportation health cator must wait for about a month except in case of emergency while people in Seoul can go to local hospitals whenever they need to see doctor without any reservation. 2. Cost of living Seoul is notorious for its high cost of living. According to the Mercer cost of living survey the cost of living index of Seoul surged into 111. 7 Points compared to New York which is the base city scoring 100 points and the only U. S city to rank in the top 50 2008 . For instance to purchase a house in Seoul an ordinary salaried worker must save their money without any spending for over 10 years. More and more young people tend to give up or delay their marriage due to their tough economic situation because stable financial condition including housing is the premise of marriage in Korea. On the other hand Pittsburghers don't seem to suffer from severe financial headache compared with their counterparts the cost of commercial products such as clothes medicine and household articles is low while cost of labor is high which means they aren't pressed for money to live a stable life in spite of high health care expenses. 3. Environment A. Natural environment 'Miracle on the Han River' is a phrase representing the dramatic economic growth of Korea. Seoul is a symbol of Korea's successful industrialization despite devastating condition after the Korean War 1950 1953 . Skyscrapers and traffic congestion are said to be inherent parts of the city whose economy is excessively export based. As a result Seoul citizens couldn't enjoy fresh air and peaceful circumstances and they are likely to have diseases such as allergic rhinitis an atopic dermatitis and asthma resulting from environmental pollution. In contrast Pittsburgh is known for its beautiful green spaces the city had plagued by serious smog due to its steel industry for a long time just like the capital city of Korea. But collective effort of every member including the city government businesses and citizens has made the city clean and livable. B. Cultural environment Most Koreans want to be residents of Seoul the center of business education and culture of Korea. They try to live there at all costs competition to enter a good university to get a job and to have a house is very severe in the city so people can't have time to be with their family to relax and even to sleep although they have the benefit of higher salary better education and more convenient housing conditions than those of other local areas. Unlike Seoul the pace of life in Pittsburgh doesn't seem to be fast paced partly because its major economic sectors are high technology and educational service. Furthermore there are relatively more cultural facilities such as theaters museums parks and sports stadiums which means people tend to spend more time on personal activities other than work. . Conclusion Livability is in the eye of the beholder but people are likely to feel comfortable when the city presents the least challenges to their lifestyle Carpenter 2009 . Therefore which city is more livable depends on residents' preference for lifestyle and values those who want to live dynamic and busy life might prefer Seoul to Pittsburgh while those who value personal and slow pace of life tend to dislike Seoul. Reference List Kim S. Powell B. 2009 August 24 . Seoul World's most wired megacity gets more so. Time from ANON URLPAGE. Carpenter M. 2009 June 10 . Pittsburgh ranked tops in U. S. By The Economist. Pittsburgh Post gazette from ANON URLSITE. Kotkin J. 2009 August 11 . Why the 'livable cities' rankings are wrong. Forbes from ANON URLSITE. US Worldwide cost of living survey 2008 2008 July 24 from ANON URLSITE. Liveable Vancouver 2009 June 8 The Economist from ANON_URLSPAGE_n. D. From ANON URLSITE
