I traveled far away from my country to United State. Pittsburgh was my point. There are a lot of things has been changed in Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh considered to be a polluted city because of many factories which they had been eliminated. Since I came I noticed many differences and similarities in some aspects between Pittsburgh and my country Riyadh. The first aspect is the weather. The weather in my hometown and Pittsburgh is different. In Riyadh we have only two seasons which are summer and winter. In the summertime the climate is very hot and dry. The temperature is between 40 60 calicle degrees whereas in wintertime is considered to be cold but not like Pittsburgh which is much colder and they have a snow which we do not have. The summertime's in Pittsburgh is moderate humid and rainy. According to Powell The summer months of June July and August bring warm weather to Pittsburgh. The temperatures rarely reach the scorching range however with average highs are in the low to mid 80s. Humidity levels can sometimes leave you sweating though! 2010 . Also in Pittsburgh there is a fall and spring seasons unlike Riyadh. The second different aspect is the education system. In Riyadh the schools are divided in two parts one is girls schools and the other is boys schools while in Pittsburgh it is mixed. Also the school begin at 7 00 to 12 30 or 1 00 p. M. Which is early compared to Pittsburgh where they start at 10 00 to 4 00 p. M. In addition in Riyadh the students have to stand up when they want to answer but in Pittsburgh the students can answer in their seats they do not stand. The communication between the students and the teachers is very formal and the students call them teacher dissimilar to Pittsburgh where it is less formal and the students call their teachers by their first names. In girls public and private schools have an uniform dress unlike public schools in Pittsburgh that they wear anything. The third aspect is food. Both Riyadh and Pittsburgh have many international restaurant. The families in Riyadh gather to eat the meals on the contrary the families do not gather to eat the meals in Pittsburgh and most of them rely on convience food because both of the parents work The trusty hamburger augmentation product from Betty Crocker figured prominently in the meals of these working families as did packaged convenience foods from big box discount store Sullivan August 07 2007 . And in Riyadh if the parents work they have a servant cook for the families. Also the ingredients are different in my country we use a lot of species compared with people in Pittsburgh and the preparations take an hour to be ready in Riyadh while it takes just 30 minutes to be ready in Pittsburgh. Clothes are also one of the aspects. People in my hometown wear differ clothes from people who live in Pittsburgh. In Riyadh people wear the traditional clothes called thoub and ekal which they wear on their heads and women wear hijab when they go out of their homes while Pittsburgh women do not. In contrast both women and men in Pittsburgh wear pants and t shirt and suits in the formal situations. The forth aspect is transportation. In Riyadh there is no a public transportation as in Pittsburgh there are buses metro and bicycles Powell 2010 said The Port Authority of Allegheny County has more than 875 buses 83 light rail vehicles and the Monongahela and Duquesne Inclines to help you get around Pittsburgh . Most of people rely on their cars for transportation in my country while people in Pittsburgh have many choices when they want to go to places. However women do not drive in my country while women in Pittsburgh drive. The governance control is different. In Riyadh we have a monarchy. The king controls the country. In comparison Pittsburgh has a president and they change him or her for four years. However people in my country do not pay taxes while people in Pittsburgh. In conclusion both Pittsburgh and Riyadh are a good places for living even though there are some differences. The differences in these aspect did not make me feel confused because every country in the world has its own lifestyle. ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON URLPAGE
