Argumentative Essay By ANON_NAME_0 7 11 2010 Physical Education Schools are the places where the students learn a lot of knowledge sciences and other things. The real purpose of schools is to train young people's minds and prepare them for work as adults. On other hand sport is very important to maintain students' physical health. It helps build and maintain healthy bones muscles and joints. In addition it helps control weight reduce fat and maintain the blood pressure. Some people think schools should IMPLEMENT some courses in physical education or sporting activities to let students MAXIMIZE these benefits of sport. While others say that people can practice sports in their free time if they want but they shouldn't be required to do so in school. Opponents of physical education claim that school is for study not play. They say students should go to school to study and to learn something like math or sciences not to play sport or to waste their time to do some activities that not give them knowledge. However a few hours of physical education courses never hurt anybody but it will REINFORCE their minds to learn more and more knowledge. Taking physical education courses students refresh their minds from time to time and keep their abilities of learning well as much as they can to get the maximum of staying at schools. Also opponents believe that students should exercise on their own time not for credit. They say that school should be just for lectures and exams. However students need an occasional break from lectures textbook and exams. For example student cannot have lecture after lecture or exam follows exam without taking any break or fun time. They need something to refresh them and to keep them concentrating. Therefore taking some courses in physical education will help to provide some solutions for students to maintain their abilities to study in the best way. Other opponents say that physical education unfairly lower the GPAs of some good students. They believe that Grades in physical education courses may have a harmful effect on the GPAs of students who are academically strong but physically not. Nevertheless physical fitness is a critical part of education A sound mind in a sound body. So students need to keep their physical fitness to maintain their minds and to improve the skills of studying. The final argument advanced by opponents of physical education is physical education courses can be dangerous. They ensure that students may have a bad effect from some sport activities. However most students enjoy taking physical education courses and like to spend some time on sport activities or physical education courses. They may have some riskiness but still they need to take these courses to get many benefits of sport. Whether you were athletically inclined or not your overall health benefited from the physical exercise you got in gym class. Mackie Shilstone 2004 Indeed even if there are some people think school just for lectures and students not need to take some physical education courses doing a sport activity or taking a physical education course may have good impact and helps to maintain students abilities in the maximum level and to encourage students to attend schools.
