Euthanasia or assisted suicide refers to the process of ending a life in order to relieve pain and suffering. For a better understanding of all sides of the euthanasia issue we must first identify the different types of euthanasia. Euthanasia basically classified to passive euthanasia which means stop or withdraws the medical treatment intentionally in order to cause patient's death. However active euthanasia is giving something to cause death such as injecting the patient with an overdose of painkiller medications or sleeping pills. There are a lot of arguments in the world about euthanasia and whether it is ethically and legally permissible or not. And the decisions in Euthanasia become more complicated when the situation involve people in such decisions. For example of this complicated issue in Voluntary euthanasia when the person who is killed has requested to be killed. This could be considered suicide. However in non voluntary euthanasia when the person who is killed made no request and gave no consent and that could be considered murder. Over the years philosophers doctors lawyers and religious leaders have been debating the Euthanasia issues and the history have many examples from doctor Jack Kevorkian who defines the new term called right to die to case of Terry Schiavo which show a lot of attention even from President of the United States. Nowadays some countries around the world have legalized voluntary euthanasia . For instance to these courtiers Belgium Luxembourg and the Netherlands . Although All 50 states and the District of Columbia prohibit euthanasia under general homicide laws Physician assisted suicide is legal in three US states Oregon Washington and Montana. Proponents believe in provision of community interest to the individual. They say that whatever is going to benefit their community interest the most is the right thing to do. Also by get rid of the weak and clinically dying people this would help the society to create room in our hospitals for people who need treatment and will eventually recover. Also their looking for benefit of the health care and reserve the money those spend for treatment of such cases. In contrast such an argument completely ignores the fact that everyone has the right to life whatever his or her condition and when it comes to euthanasia they could obstruct the promising researches in the field of stem cells and other researches that work in regenerate the human cells. And that eventually will lead to waste more money instead of saving the money. Besides there isn't just one person involved in doing an act there are two the one who chooses that he or she wants to die and the one who chooses to help carry out this person's wishes. People who believe euthanasia have point of view that patients who haven't show any improvement or recoveries in their medical condition and they are considered terminally ill patients have right to die. They believe that those patients are suffering every day and the best way to end their miseries is let them die safely. However researches reveal that those patients respond to the surrounded atmospheres and they could respond to emotional around them and some cases which show slight improvement in pain tolerant. Although those patients are considered terminally ill their families still show a lot of respect to them and treat them will. Having euthanasia as first choose in some hospitals that deal with a lot of terminally ill patients one of reasons for the stunted growth of health care improvements. Good palliative care is a strong way agonist the temptation to provide euthanasia. Some People who are support assisted suicide state that the main purpose from this action is that human have inherent dignity which may be compromised when life is extended beyond the will or ability of a person to sustain that dignity. And believing that it is every person's inviolable right to determine in advance the course of action to be taken in the event that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery from extreme physical or mental disability . However I believe that the dignity in this definition is fit wrong. There is no relationship between dignity and being terminally ill patient. We don't have the right to determine our fate. Because of life is the most basic gift of a loving God we need to take care about it . In addition and we have the supervision in our life and whatever goes to the benefit our life we go for it. We have moral obligation to care for our own life and health and use all available medical procedures that are considered responsible for steward of life and not dangerous. Although there are a variety of religious views on euthanasia most of them are considered the euthanasia as suicide. Moreover they claim that suicide as one of the greatest sins. Proponents believe that legalized physician assisted suicide would benefit the society. In contest by legalized this issue they will be misunderstandings and abuses. Besides this law will be practiced through social inequality and prejudice that characterizes the delivery of society. They will be difrenet treatments base on race ages and gender and the physicians will play the role of god by determining whose request for suicide is valid. The miserable and depressed people who have some congenital harmful deformations will attempts to get permissions to die. For example of misuses in case of Chantal Sebire A woman who suffered from a painful facial tumor had requested from franc law to let her die safely and ultimately was found at her home in the eastern French died Death is something we all have to deal with. People should take advantage of every moment and make the best of it even if it is a time of intense suffering. Everybody have the right to live. Nowadays a lot of promising researches in field of stem cells reveal that some organs can be repaired. For those people who believe on euthanasia they should know that those researches contact with their thought about recovery. Considering all patients should be treated well whatever his or her condition all individuals will have same rights and they will not be discriminations. Despite the fact that patients may die eventually hospitals and governments have responsibilities toward their patents such as providing support of their family as well as detriment a lot of medical care for example medications. Although some people believe that it is another case of freedom of choice I believe that Euthanasia devalues human life. References 1 Statement on Euthanasia on ANON URLPAGE. 12 1991 2 Euthanasia debate. Pro euthanasia lobby represents the minority view in Britain. In BMJ. 1995 July 1 311 volume 310 on page 1466 3 Top 10 Pros and Cons on ANON URLPAGE. From Wikipedia the free encyclopedia
