The Benefits of Physical Education When I was in elementary and middle school we had to take physical education classes regularly. Since I was in a girls' middle school most students didn't like physical education classes. Most of us didn't like any sports at all and were reluctant to stay outside especially in the summer or winter. However we had to take physical education classes twice a week and we could learn various kinds of sports. Although most of us didn't enjoy the physical education classes we felt that it had its own worth regardless of our preference. It is not only problem happening to girls in my country. Nowadays most of the states in the U. S. Require physical education to their students though the detailed requirements are various by states and grades. Also all requirements acknowledge the worth and benefits of physical education. Although some people might oppose to the required physical education I think that every students should take physical education classes. Opponents of physical education insist that physical education distract from school's real purpose which is to train young people's minds and prepare them for work as adults. However I think that we should think again what the purpose of school is. Of course those are also one of important purposes. However helping students to improve themselves physically morally and scholarly is also crucial purpose of school. Physical education can develop students in terms of body and health. Furthermore I think that mind and body is not separable. As we can see through the proverb 'A sound mind in a sound body' the developments of those two could be MAXIMIZED when they interact with each other. Therefore school should be responsible for the development of body and mind by offering regular physical education classes. Second opponents also say that physical education classes might disturb students' studying. There is possibility because outside activities usually need extra time and energy. However there are lots of research results which show the association between physical activity and enhanced academic achievement. According to the Shephard's studying when a substantial amount of school time is dedicated to physical activity academic performance meets and may even exceed that of students not receiving additional physical activity. Shephard 1997 p. 113 It is considered that regular exercise may improve students' concentration and cognitive functioning. Also brain function may indirectly benefit from physical activity due to increased energy generation as well as from time outside of the classroom. Linder 1999 p. 129 A number of researches including those two have proved that physical education can affect academic performance positively. Third people who oppose to physical education might insist that physical education classes do not help improving children's health. The basis of Burgeson's theory is that more than one third of children and teens approximately 25 million kids are overweight or obese although physical education has been conducted so far. ANON_NAME_0 Burgeson Fulton Spain 2007. P. 435 Even though the fact that obesity has been increased continuously is true it does not mean physical education in school is useless. Actually what we need to do is not abolishing physical education classes but reforming it. Physical education classes contain various kinds of exercise and academic teaching about nutrition and health. If it has not worked well so far the curriculum or contents should be modified to accomplish the original purpose of physical education. Furthermore people who think physical education classes are useless also say that people can practice sports in their free time individually. They insist that it shouldn't be required by law to do in school because anyone who wants to exercise can do it by oneself. However there might be some students who cannot do extra exercise out of school due to the lack of money or time. Also there are several activities which need more people than a certain number. Sometimes the sporting goods or equipment of exercise are difficult to get individually. In these cases it would be much easier and more convenient if school can offer those for their students. School should encourage students to experience various kinds of sports and enjoy those. Finally physical education can help students grow mentally. According to Shephard youth who received additional physical activity tend to show improved attributes such as higher energy concentration levels increase self esteem and better behavior which may all support cognitive learning. Shephard 1997 p. 117 Also it is expected that class size exercise using body can develop the cooperative spirit among classmates and increase the intimacy. Through the teamwork sports students can feel camaraderie or friendship. Additionally it also helps refreshing or revitalizing one's body and mind. It will contribute to mental physical and academic growth of students ultimately. Offering what students need in their effective growing is one of obligations of school. At this point of view school should provide physical education classes because it is indispensable to growing age students. Physical education has not only its own worth and benefits but also positive influence to other activities and achievements in school. In addition to achieve its essential purpose careful approaching and reasonable modification are INEVITABLE. School physical education should try to reflect students' demand and to find effective teaching method. Reference Shephard. R. J. 1997 Curricular physical activity and academic performance Pediatric Exercise Science 113 126 Linder K. J. 1999 Sports participation and perceived academic performance of school children and youth Pediatric Exercise Science 129 143 ANON_NAME_0. S. Burgeson. C. Fulton. J. And Spain. C. 2007 Physical Education and Physical Activity Results from the School Health Policies and Programs Study 2006 Journal of School Health 435 463
