I like to think that I have two hometowns one is the place of my birth Krabi Thailand and the other is Pittsburgh where I have lived for the past year. I often have thought about the similarities and differences of my two hometowns. The similarities between Krabi and Pittsburgh are both are small but well known cities in their country. Both are known for people who are hard working but kind and helpful. Both also have a fascinating history Krabi probably is the country's oldest settlement. It is thought that Krabi has been a home for Homo sapiens since the period 25 000 35 000 B. C. Wikipedia June 26 2010 . The geologists found stone tools ancient Viking colored pictures beads pottery and skeletal in many cliffs and caves. I have learned that Pittsburgh was strategic city in the fight between the French and British to control trade in North America just prior to the Revolutionary War and was also at the heart of the Industrial Revolution. However these places have big differences and can be contrasted by describing climate business environments and recreation activities. First about the climate Krabi is located on Latitude 8 degrees N Latitude 8 c t fall and spring. Due to the location these two cities have an extremely different climates. There is no snow in Krabi and the temperature in summer in Pittsburgh is like winter in Krabi. Secondly business environment Krabi is a city on Thailand's Andaman seaboard. Therefore the major business is tourism. Phi Phi island is a top destiny for travelers from all around the world. Blue sky green water and beautiful coral reef are the attractions of Phi Phi island. Moreover Maya bay in Phi Phi island is a location for Hollywood movie The Beach that's reveal its beauty to the world. Because Krabi is a paradise for beach and island lovers many investors build hotels near the beaches. It makes a piece of land around the beach very expensive approximately 1 million per rai a measurement equal to 1 600 square meters Manager online June 25 2010 . Moreover Krabi exports palm trees rubber trees seafood coffee and lignite. There are only two cities in Thailand that have lignite mine and one is in Krabi. Meanwhile Pittsburgh's economy was formerly rooted in the steel industry but has gone through the transformation and now is based upon health care business and financial services and high technology such as software medical devices and robotics. Pittsburgh is a town of education. There are many universities and research facilities in Pittsburgh the most well known are University of Pittsburgh Carnegie Mellon University and Dequesne University. Finally due to the geography of Krabi people in Krabi love to play water sports such as snorkeling scuba diving and kayaking. In addition there are many national parks in Krabi bird watching is popular among people in Krabi and they also play soccer basketball and tennis. On the other hand Pittsburghers's recreations are different for people in Krabi people here love camping hiking and hunting. Whereas no one does it in Krabi. Hunting is illegal in Thailand and just only a few people camping or hiking in national park. On the other hand Pittsburghers love to go to a park such as Schenley park and Frick park for running and walking on a trail. Even though there are many parks in Krabi no one run nor goes for a walk in the park. Moreover Pittsburghers have their passion for playing and watching football ice hockey and baseball but in Krabi no professional sports team exists. In conclusion because there are similarities in my two home towns of Krabi Thailand and Pittsburgh Pennsylvania I have felt comfortable living in Pittsburgh and get along well with the people here. However the differences namely those in the climate industries and recreation have given me the opportunity for adventure and education. I feel fortunate to feel connected to two places with common values and yet have the privilege of doing things like experiencing a huge snow storm learning about robots and going to watch the Pittsburgh Penguins play ice hockey. Bibliography 30 the price of a land in Krabi rise up Retrieved June 25 2010 from ANON_URLSITE_Krabi wikipedia Retrieved June 25 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_climate geography interesting information Krabi Retrieved June 25 2010 from ANON URLPAGE
