Physical Education Whether or not to integrate physical education into school programs in the US is a controversial issue. Some people argue that schools should not incorporate any courses in physical education or sporting activities in their educational plans. They say that physical education courses are waste of time and that schools should MAXIMIZE students' time in school with instruction and similar useful activities. They add that physical education and training should be kept away from school and school time because it is not related to the main purpose of schools. In addition they assert that physical education courses distract students from their main duties of studying. Although this point of view might sound logical and cogent I believe that it is completely unreasonable. There are many adequate and strong reasons why one might argue that physical education should be an integral part of every school's educational policy. Those who oppose making physical education part of school state that sports activities are waste of time and yield no real benefit to students. Obviously this viewpoint goes against the main aim of schools which is building healthy and strong future generations. Perhaps the best reason to make sports activities a daily practice in every student's schedule is obesity the world's number one scourge. Students spend most of their day at school sitting in class or eating food. So without any physical exercising they would be easy target to obesity. As stated by Brown P n. D. Children who are not engaged in a PE program gain much more weight than those who are. Since students spend most of their day at school we cannot assume that they would do sports activities out of school. Moreover cars buses and other means and technologies are making everyone lazier than ever. Add to this fast foods are becoming indispensible part of our busy life. With such lazy life with a lot of junk food our students need regular daily exercising to maintain their health and protect themselves against obesity. The problem of overweight and obesity is that they lead to other health risks and complications. Obesity is known as a main reason behind many chronological diseases as heart and joints diseases. Consequently for this reason alone all schools should IMPLEMENT sufficient physical activity because this is not only important but in fact crucial for the educational process to continue. Those who argue against the inclusion of physical education in schools' courses maintain that physical education should be kept away from school and school time because it is not related to the main purpose of schools. This argument however is invalid and many studies prove that the opposite is true. Backed up with research many people confirm that sports activities and exercising help relieve or eliminate stress and refresh the students. A study carried out by Grissom J. 2005 Proves that physical fitness has significant positive effects on students' academic achievement especially for female students. Accordingly physical education would not only make students healthier but also make them perform better in their learning tasks. Moreover many students hate school because of busy schedules and studying for many hours non stop. To maintain the motivation to study students need to take rests and enjoy themselves in cheerful group activities outside the classroom. Students need to stretch their bodies and release some energy out in the open between classes in order to be able to concentrate in class. Keeping students in class for hours without letting them do some physical activity out of class would have undesirable effects on their health. Students need to exercise to digest the food they eat burn fat improve blood circulation reduce stress and improve their mood. Exercising on a regular basis is the best way to reduce school stress contends Admin 2008 . In brief sports activities make anyone feel mentally ready and physically energetic to work and be creative and nobody can deny that. Opponents of making physical education part of school claim that physical education courses and sports activities distract students from their main duties of studying and learning. However this point of view has no logical basis and actually studies proved that the opposite is true. Sports activities have been said to have positive effects on students' performance in school. Many studies prove that physical exercise REINFORCE students' academic skills and improve their scores in achievement tests. Increased time in PE classes can help children's attention and concentration and achievement test scores Hellmich N. 2010 Says. It looks like physical education courses do not only reduce boredom and stress but also help students be more active and receptive in class. Active students who do considerable physical activity in school have significantly better grades that other students who are not inclined toward participation in sports activities. According to Mason M. 2003 The benefits of physical activity include prevention of disease and improvement of academic learning. Because physical education courses promote academic performance and help students improve they should be given the same importance as other courses. In conclusion physical activity is a very important part of everyone's life especially in our present time. Lazy modern life that does not encourage any physical activity fast food which is gradually substituting real and proper sit down meals and the spread of obesity and other related health problems make it obvious to all of us that exercising is a prerequisite for everyone to maintain his her health. Since it is that important we have to instill the love of physical exercising in our students. We need to be smart enough not to fool ourselves that physical activity is not important for our students or it is irrelevant to the main purpose of schools. Preventing obesity and its unpleasant consequences energizing the body and refreshing the mind and enhancing academic achievement are undoubtedly good reasons to make physical education one of the priorities in schools. References Admin 2008 . 10 Ways to Reduce School Stress. In Everest. Retrieved July 10 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_school stress Brown P. N. D. . Combating Childhood Obesity With Physical Play Opportunities. In PTO Today. Retrieved July 10 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_childhood obesity with physical play opportunities Hellmich N. 2010 . Study Physical activity can boost student performance. In USA TODAY. Retrieved July 10 2010 from ANON_URLSITE_news education 2010 04 14 letsmoveinschool15 ST N. Htm Grissom J. 2005 . Physical Fitness and Academic Achievement. In Journal of Exercise Physiology vol. 8. Retrieved July 11 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_Mason M. 2003 . Physical Education. In Maryland State Department of Education. Retrieved July 10 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_physical education. Htm
