Should Government Control the Internet Access These days the Internet has become the most important information source for many people. We read news sites on the Internet and communicate with others on Facebook. We also search for information by Googling a topic. It is difficult to imagine life without the Internet. As the Internet becomes more popular it will have a stronger effect on people. As a result the dark side of the Internet is now considered a social problem. For example it is possible to get pornography easily by using the Internet. It is clear that many parents don't want their children to access such adult sites. Numerous websites containing misleading information or vicious expressions are other problem. One possible solution for the unwilling sites on the Internet is government control. Censorship for adult sites may helps parents who want to keep these sites away from their children. However should governments control the Internet Do we really need censorship and does censorship have no side effects Although some people think that governments should control the Internet contents I believe that we do not allow governments to control the Internet because of several reasons. The supporters of the Internet control by governments insist several reasons. First of all they say that some information on the Internet such as pornography and violence expressions is unsuitable for children. It is undesirable thing to expose children such information. In addition to children adults are also annoyed by unwilling information when they use the Internet. The Internet would be more convenience if we did not be bothered by unpleasant expressions when we search for information. Finally sometimes the Internet spreads wrong information. Since most books and articles are written by specialists we can believe accuracy of information in those media some degree. On the other hand because anyone can write articles on the Internet we can't prevent the spread of wrong explanation or biased opinion. However there are several refutations against these insistences. First even if governments don't control the Internet we can use some tools to block unwilling. As a familiar example Google provides the function that filters the search results and eliminates adult sites. Moreover both Mac and Windows provide free parental control programs to keep children from harmful sites. In addition many companies also use filtering software to prevent employees accessing to irrelevant sites during work time. These tools help us adjust the limitation level on accessing the undesired sites. For example when parents use computer without children they can remove an access limitation depends on their needs. For this reason we do not need any additional control by governments. As another reason teaching children how to deal with harmful information is more important than keeping such information away from children. Even if governments control the Internet access it would be impossible to block all sites that contain pornography or malicious information. There is a numerous number of abuses prejudices or misunderstanding websites on the Internet and it is INEVITABLE that children encounter such information someday. Therefore it is more important that children learn how to use the Internet and how to save themselves from harmful information lather than totally depends on government control. Children should learn the possible risk of accessing the Internet and how to avoid the harmful sites and evaluating the value of information on the Internet is an important skill these days. It is likes our physical health. Living in a sterilized room is usually impossible and having good immunity is necessary to keep our health. Our immunity system becomes more efficient by exposed to germs little by little. Like immunity system we should REINFORCE the ability to use the Internet safely and morally by encountering wrong sites occasionally instead of depending on governments. Finally while the Internet has a considerable effect for spreading misinformation it also has a strong ability to correct inaccurate information by itself. For example anonymous volunteers write Wikipedia and it is INEVITABLE that some people add inaccurate information. However it is also possible that other people correct wrong information. Jim Giles reported the investigation that compares the accuracy of Wikipedia and Encyclopedia Britannica. The result indicates that Wikipedia has competing accuracy to Encyclopedia Britannica in science field 2005 . In my opinion it isn't a bad way to rely on people's will to accumulate good knowledge instead of government watching. In conclusion problems of harmful sites don't need government control for solution. We can use tools and our own knowledge to deal with the unwilling information on the Internet. On the other hand if governments control the Internet we would face other serious problems unclear evaluation results declining of expression and infringement on freedom of speech. The first problem is an unclear standard. Because right or wrong is a highly subjective matter it is difficult to make a clear standard for evaluation used to determine harmful sites . Because interpretations of rules can be different for each people it is possible that each judge makes different evaluation on the same websites. We can imagine several cases that we can't easily consider harmful sites. For example one judge thinks a picture as pornography and other judge thinks it as a work of art. Scientists think the theory of evolution as true but some religious people believe it is wrong. Can we say witness stories of U. F. O. Are wrong information because of no scientific evidence These examples indicate difficulty of making fair judgments. In addition to ambiguousness there would be more trouble in the case that governments control access automatically by using special software programs. Because evaluating complex information is a difficult matter to computers it is possible that sites containing no wrong information are evaluated as wrong sites by program mistakes. Imagine the situation that your blog is blocked by a program miss judgment and other people misunderstand that your sites contain doubtful information because they couldn't access your blogs. I don't want to experience such situation. Ambiguousness of assessment has possibility to cause unfair judgment and misjudgment could also cause social damage for victims. As another problem access control will result in the declining of expression on the Internet. Freedom of expression on the Internet is one of the driving forces of its development. However if governments control the Internet contents people may stop to create contents more than governments intend to do. For example think a case that a government tries to filter pornography contents that are about 0. 1 Percent of total contents. In such case some writers whose sites containing slightly adult expression but not evaluated as pornography may react sensitively because they don't want their web page to be blocked by the government. As a result even though the government intends to control only 0. 1 Percent of contents the Internet could lose total 5 percent of contents. Moreover works of art sometimes contains sexual or antiestablishment expressions. The loss of expressional possibilities on the Internet may result in the loss of artistic possibilities in future. The final problem is infringement on freedom of speech. We have a right to express our thoughts but access control by governments limit our speech. Governments should not limit our activity to show ideas on the Internet. In the U. S. For example Communications Decency Act CDA a law whose main purpose is to restrict pornography on the Internet was made in 1996. However this law was turned down by Supreme Court as a violation of freedom of speech O'Keefe Palfrey Seltzer 2008 . In addition censorship for speech on the Internet could be result in a more wrong situation. If a government controls the Internet access it could be easy for the government to hide information which is inconvenient for the government and MANIPULATE people's opinion. From an aspect of saving democracy governments should not control the Internet contents. Reporters Without Borders RSF a non government organization working for freedom of press reported the 13 Internet enemy countries in which the Internet is censored strictly. This list contains countries governed by military regime such as North Korea and Turkmenistan 2006 . The openness of the Internet deeply related with democracy. In summary the Internet access control could cause serious problems for our society. We have a right to speech and know truth. However government control could disturb both activities. Today we get many benefits from the Internet. To keep the Internet as a valuable information resource we should not forget the importance of freedom on the Internet even though the Internet also has a dark side. Giles J. 2005 . Internet encyclopedias go head to head. . Nature 438 900 901. O'Keefe K Palfrey J Seltzer W. 2008 . Internet filtering in the United States and Canada. In R. Deibert Ed. Access denied the practice and policy of global Internet filtering pp. 228 229 . Cambridge MA The MIT Press. RSF 2006 November 7 . List of the 13 Internet enemies. Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
