Euthanasia comes from Greek word which means good death . Also we can define euthanasia as a way to end some people life who suffer from severe pain and there is no hope for his or her cure . There are three types of euthanasia. The first one is voluntary euthanasia in which the person requested to be killed but non voluntary euthanasia the person who is killed made no request and gave no consent. The last type is Involuntary euthanasia When the person who is killed made an expressed wish to the contrary. There are arguments for and against euthanasia which is controversial issue because some people think that euthanasia is similar to murder or suicide that's why it should be illegal. The other people believe in that the patient has the right to choose if he want to continue his life or not. However doctors and nurses should not be allowed to help people die. Euthanasia is a complex legal moral and social issue. Some government all over the world have legalized euthanasia like Australia Belgium Canada Germany and Japan. In most of these countries there is no official law on the status of euthanasia and it is recommended in some countries to allow terminally ill to end their lives. Some countries like Mexico United Kingdom and United States have arguments about euthanasia because they consider it suicide and this is breaking the law. Most religions like Islam Christian and Jewish Unanimously regard human life as sacred and say that it is wrong for anyone to shorten a human life . When their time comes they cannot delay it for a single hour nor can they bring it forward by a single hour . Qur'an 16 61 Opponents also said it is cheaper if a patient with an incurable illness dies quickly so that they don't need expensive care and drugs any longer. This would mean that the money saved could be spent on patients who could return to good health. Furthermore more patients can be offered medical services. For example a patient who has terminal cancer or who is in a coma occupies a bed in a hospital for a long time. Nobody knows when they can be relieved from the tragedy. Thus chances that other patients can get medical care can be restricted. In other words even if a lot of patients can be healed they should wait until beds are available. There is no disagreement that the financial cost of maintaining the incurably ill and the senile is a growing concern so much so that some groups have gone beyond the concept of the right to die to that other duty to die . They claim that when the human machine has outlived its productive span its maintenance is an unacceptable burden on the productive stratum of society and it should be disposed of and rather abruptly than allowing it to deteriorate gradually Jacques Atalli La medicine en accusation in Michel Solomon 'L' avenir de la vie' Coll. Les visages de L'avenir. Ed. Seghers Paris 1981 p. 273 275 . However there are some cases which recovered from an incurable disease. For example I know someone who was in a coma for five years at the hospital. I do not deny that it had been given up hope of his recovery but nothing is impossible. He suddenly woke up from his coma he told his doctor and his family that he was aware of what is going on around him but could not respond. So imagine if the doctor or his family decided to give him a bill to end his life they would be a criminal. Euthanasia has many advantages and disadvantages points. It can eliminate pain in the fatally ill but also it can be classified to be no better than murder. We have to make up our own minds on whether we agree or disagree with euthanasia. In my opinion euthanasia is not acceptable . I also think that if euthanasia was to be legalized it might start to be used in the wrong way. People might start to kill off elderly people because they cost the Government too much and people may be fed up of caring for them. We also have to believe that death is coming inevitably either with euthanasia or not.
