In today's world euthanasia is the biggest controversial fact. Many people believe that euthanasia is not good and doesn't need. However I strong believe that euthanasia needs to alleviate pain ease a burden of medical fees and treat other patients. First of all legalizing euthanasia would help alleviate suffering from terminally ill patients. The motive of euthanasia is to ease terminally ill patients and their families. According to the reference book euthanasia comes from the Greek language and means good death . Also euthanasia is thought to be mercy killing and a choice for someone who wants to end their suffering ones. Therefore terminally ill patients and their families have the right to not suffer from terrible pain. For example one of TV programs in South Korea introduced a vegetative state because of a car accident and his family. He remained this state for 3 years. His family was painful with him for a long time. So his family and the hospital decided euthanasia. After that a patient no longer suffered from pain and his family didn't need to take care of him. Thus euthanasia is a way to relieve extreme pain. Second health care cost is and will always be a concern for the family of terminally ill patients. Because they usually lied in the bed in the hospital for a long time their families have to pay much for medical bills and doctor's fees. It will be such a burden for patients and their families. One of my friends has a vegetative state mother. His mother is lying in the bed for three years. My friend and his family have still a big burden because of medical bills. All of his family members should work for paying medical bills and take care of his mother by turn. They have not been enjoying the family trip and having fun with family together. Since his mom became a vegetative state they lost their sense of smile. In this respect the families such as my friend's family must need euthanasia for the happiness of my friend and his family. Third euthanasia reaches the organ donation. Many terminally ill patients usually donate their organs after the euthanasia. If they donate organs after the euthanasia other patients can be cured by their noble sacrifices. Many patients can get new life. By virtue of a person's donation many other patients can save their life. My friend's sister had the problem of corneas and she could hardly see so she needed to perform a corneal as soon as possible. My friend's sister and her family were waiting a cornea for almost two years with the hope of a cornea donation. One day they got the phone that a cornea was donated by someone's sacrifice. They felt very happy and shed tears of joy after this call. Eventually her transplant operation was successful and she now is studying hard in the college and living as an ordinary person. Like this the euthanasia makes new life for many other patients. In conclusion according to the above reasons euthanasia certainly needs for human happiness. And euthanasia can help alleviate suffering from terminally ill patients ease a big burden of health care cost and save new life for patients. As you can know from the meaning of euthanasia euthanasia is a good death for vegetative states themselves their families and patients who need the organ donation.
