EUTHANASIA The definition of euthanasia is a painless killing especially to end a painful and incurable disease or in an irreversible coma mercy killing World Book p. 733 . This intentional termination of life by another is at the request of the person who dies but like so many other religious social and political terms euthanasia has many meanings. Some people and governments are against euthanasia are called Pro life this is also the view of many religious leaders who regard euthanasia as a sin. However some people do not have religion and therefore sin is not important for these people. If the person does not believe anything he or she should choose euthanasia for ending his or her life. Another argument against of euthanasia is about pain. Some people think nearly all pain can be eliminated or be reduced. If a patient who is under a doctor's care is in excruciating pain there is definitely a need to find a different doctor. When the patient finds a different doctor sometimes also different doctor cannot change this patient's pain. However these arguments against to euthanasia in my opinion and euthanasia are an acceptable condition. If a person who has a painful and incurable disease does not want to continue living then the person should be allowed to die in a pain free dignified way. The patient should decide about his or her life not society. The most important argument against the practice of euthanasia commonly starts with religion. The Islamic European Council for Fatwa and Research ECFR enlightened that active and passive euthanasia or mercy killing and suicide are all forbidden in Islam. Wrapping up its 11th session held in the Swedish capital Stockholm from July 1 6 the council said It is prohibited for a patient to kill him herself or for others to kill him her even if the patient himself allowed them to do so. The first case is nothing but suicide while the second one is taking a life. The council ruled that the removal of life support machines for the clinically dead is permissible. These machines help patients breathe and activate their blood cycle but if they are already clinically dead and have lost all their senses due to brain damage it makes no sense to keep these machines running because they cost the hospital a lot of money and might be direly needed by other patients the council said 2 . The decision of euthanasia should not be given ARBITRARILY. In my opinion if the patient is consciousness and clinically dead then the patient can be use for organ donors. Thus many people who are waiting for organ donors can be treated easily. Unfortunately there are not enough solid organs available to meet the needs of patients with organ failure. Thousands of patients every year die on the waiting lists for transplantation. Some people argue that one alternative organ donation euthanasia would be a rational improvement over current practice regarding withdrawal of life support. It would give individuals the greatest chance of being able to help the others with their organs after death. Euthanasia may be a good alternative of MAXIMIZING the number and quality of organs for transplantation 3 . Euthanasia has been a raging controversy all over the world. Although most of the countries have laws against Euthanasia it has been legalized in the countries like Netherlands Switzerland Thailand and the states of Oregon and Washington in the United States of America 4 7 . Except for these countries all of the other countries in the world are against to euthanasia. But in my opinion euthanasia should be legal all around the world. For example let's say that a patient suffers from painful cancer that cannot be treated and there is no known cure for this patient. Thus she wants to end her life but her plan has been rejected by the government laws. I believe that if a patient wants to end her life then the government should allow her to end her life. Furthermore death is a sensitive subject that society and government should not be able to decide how it should come about. Governments should respect the individual needs of every civilian and the patient's decisions should be IMPLEMENTED by governments. The last argument against euthanasia is the question of who can decide how advanced a terminal illness is supposed to be in order for euthanasia to be acceptable. For example let s suppose that a patient was diagnosed with cancer and given 5 months to live. He asked for euthanasia to be administered. He was suffering agonizing pain but was refused to euthanasia because it was illegal at his country. Nine months later he was still living. Of course in our religion the death is INEVITABLE and only the God knows the patient's death time. Also the doctors must always be right about their diagnoses. Although the patient would live little longer without euthanasia but the patient would be suffering in a lot of pain while he still lived. An argument for this patient for example is another patient who was diagnosed with cancer but he was sleeping under sedation to relieve pain. He and his family asked for euthanasia and were accepted for euthanasia because it was legal at his country. He died without feeling any pain. In my opinion second patient is the luckier one because he was living in a country where euthanasia is legal. Therefore while he was dying he wasn't feeling any pain. In conclusion I believe that euthanasia should be the decision and belief of individual rather than the government and religion. Of course some people might believe that euthanasia can be a suicide and a sin. Some people might think that the medical technology is improving and before the patient dies a cure may be invented. Although modern painkiller drugs may help patients to kill their pain but if the patient doesn't want to have a pain during his or her illness then euthanasia should be an option for this patient. In other hand not only pain but also waste of money may be acceptable reasons for not doing euthanasia. Of course the money is not equal with human life but if the patient stays a long time in the intensive care unit and the patient s family cannot afford monetary expenses then the patient and the patient s family should consider whether to do euthanasia or not according to their economic conditions. Finally in my opinion everybody should have the first and final decision for their own life. REFERENCES 1. World Book Dictionary. Chicago Childcraft International 1982. 2. Catholic World News Brief 16 July 2003 ANON_URLSPAGE_3. Wilkinson D. And Savulesco J. Should we allow organ donation euthanasia . Alternatives for maximizing the number and quality of organs for transplantation. University of Oxford UK. Bioethics. 2010 4. Oluyemisi Bamgbose 2004 . Euthanasia Another Face of Murder . International Journal of Offender Therapy and Comparative Criminology 48 1 111 121. 5. Concluding observations of the Human Rights Committee Netherlands. 27 08 2001 6. Carmen Tom e Belgian euthanasia law a critical analysis . J. Med. Ethics 35 7 436 439.
