In each country need person who has ability to control or organize the governments teams and country but some leaders who have ability and knowledge cannot be good leaders because in each country requires different the good leader. However we have person who had been esteeming by people is the good leader. For example Mao Zedong is the communist leader in China and ANON_NAME_0 Kuan Yew is the first prime minister of Singapore. Though they are both good leaders they have similar and dissimilar in life political ideas and legacies. Mao was born on December 26 1893 in Shaoshan Hunan Province China. He lived with his father who was a poor peasant different from ANON_NAME_0 who was born on September 16 1923 at 92 Kampong Java Road in Singapore. He lived with his grandfather who was strongly influenced by British culture . Both Mao and ANON_NAME_0 got education from university. Mao began study at the village primary school when he was 8 years old and then he finished a secondary school in Changsha. In 1918 he graduated from the first Provincial Normal school of human and Beijing University in 1920 the same as ANON_NAME_0 began study at Tolok Kurau Primary school and Raffles College National University of Singapore . After that he went to London and studied at London School of Economics before moved to Fitzwilliam Collage Cambridge University where he studied law graduating with Double Starred First Class Honours. After ANON_NAME_0 graduated at Cambridge University he came back his country and joined in Pre People's Action Party PAP because he claimed the Malayan Communist Party was illegal . Then the PAP won 43 of the 51 seats in the legislative assembly so ANON_NAME_0 became the first Prime Minister of Singapore on 5 June 1959 while Mao had strong idea about communist. He attended the first session of the National Congress of Communist Party of China in Shangshai on July 23 1921 and he was elected as one of the five commissars of the central committee of the party during the third Congress session. In 1927 He could get the decisive step towards the successful application of Mao's revolutionary theories. Both the good leaders have good knowledge that helps them organize and control their parliament and countries. Mao and ANON_NAME_0 have different frameworks. Mao wants to change china from agricultural country to economic country so he began do his some idea about the second Five year Plan know as the Great Leap Forward in January 1958 and this plan focuses on the heavy industry then many of the peasants were ordered to work on massive infrastructure projects and the small scale production of iron and steel. Each layer in the party exaggerated the amount of grain produced under them and based on the fabricated success party cadres were ordered to requisition a disproportionately high amount of true harvest for state use primarily in the cities and urban areas but also for export. However millions of deaths in China were murdered by the Great Leap Forward. But ANON_NAME_0 wants to protect country from the communists and who wanted to force Singapore back into Malaysia. ANON_NAME_0 believed that ministers should be well paid in order to maintain a clean and honest government. In 1994 he proposed to link the salaries of ministers judges and top civil servants to the salaries of top professionals in the private sector arguing that this would help recruit and retain talent to serve in the public sector and he develop economy in Singapore and change Singapore to tax free countries and establish education plan in Singapore. China and Singapore receive a legacy from Mao and ANON_NAME_0. After Mao's death the Gang of four wanted to continue the policy of revolutionary mass mobilization and the Chinese government celebrates Mao who is a national hero in 2008 the same as ANON_NAME_0 created the way of Singapore about the government law education and economy . Conclusion Mao and ANON_NAME_0 are good leaders. They have different idea about government system. But they can organize the governments teams and people and create their frameworks that effect to people economy and education and make their countries have power and change countries to economy country. Note. ANON_URLSPAGE_2009 Note. ANON_URLSPAGE_n. D.
