How life could be enjoying if one inspired to do the things he loves as a lifetime career. Being an educator is a spiritual passion rather than materialistic teaching of facts as pieces of knowledge. In that perception of truth not every teacher is an educator but the opposed could not be mistaken. Being a teacher is the first footstep toward education on its optimal vision. In fact involving in the education process is a difficult challenge which requires knowledge skills of communication and special personal abilities. First and foremost being an educator needs a desperate spirit longing to know and learn. Maybe in modern terms this can be expressed as having strong qualifications and exposure to experience which can enhance the mind ability to think create and make the one capable of answering the learners' questions. However the educator should know how to create the link between theories and practice as this is a critical matter of understanding different concepts. Not only having a strong background and experience but also being a continuous learner is crucial as the education progression is dynamic in its nature. Another important aspect of being a successful educator is to have fine communication skills to be a messenger striving to pass on his message despite the difficulties that could be appear in his road. In fact having such communication skills will enable the educator to convey the learning messages in clear channels with no distraction. Obviously this is the very essential part of education if it is not the core of the whole learning process. However this is not easy because of presence of some individual differences among learners but a successful teacher knows how to overcome these obstacles and transform the truth with its finest details. Now the most important aspect of all of these is to have special personal abilities to understand others' needs and simplify the truth to fit with their mental abilities. Many people have knowledge and skills but hardly they can understand learners who are less knowledgeable and educated than they are. In contrast some educators have humble knowledge but the best ability to shape the facts in very flexible ways. Between the two extremities is a challenge to maintain the original facts without simplifying or complicating them too much. Indeed it is a unique quality of educators. Knowledge and comprehension skills of communication and gifted abilities are the key elements to develop a creative learning process. After developing such a process a challenge to maintain it to its maximum potentials is inevitable. Moreover attempting to improve the learning dynamics is another issue that will face humanity in the near future.
