A. S. Pushkin and M. Y. Lermontov are the greatest Russian poets who wrote in the beginning of the 19th century . They both made valuable contributions to Russian literature. There are some similarities in their views and poetry they were both romantics and they had the same goals in their poetry. Born in Moscow in 1799 Pushkin was a Russian author of the Romantic era who is considered to be the greatest Russian poet and the founder of modern Russian literature Wikipedia . In his poems he didn't only write about the period but also described the people of that time. Positive characters in his poems are kind well mannered and concentrated on a bright future. His poetry is a reflection of human values friendship love honor and justice. A good example of his romantic poems is the poem A Magic Moment I Remember A magic moment I remember I raised my eyes and you were there A fleeting vision the quintessence Of all that's beautiful and rare. About. Com Classic literature 2010 Pushkin had a different understanding of romanticism. He didn't think that all young people who were disappointed in life were romantics. Romantic characters of Pushkin's poems were above the masses They had higher values and lived in their own small worlds avoiding other people. If I walk the noisy streets Or enter a many thronged church Or sit among the wild young generation I give way to my thoughts. ANON_URLSITE_2009 Pushkin gradually became committed to social reform and became a representative for radicals. In the early 1820s he came into conflict with the government and was sent into exile in southern Russia. Even while being under the strict surveillance of the government he didn't stop publishing his works Wikipedia . Living in South Russia he socialized with radicals and became friends with them. In 1821 he published Prisoner and Caucasus Prisoner samples of romantic and civic poetry. Then he started working on Boris Godunov but knowing that this poem could implicate his radical friends he destroyed it. Lermontov a romantic Russian poet and writer was born in Moscow in 1814. He was considered to be the best poet after Pushkin's death. His influence on Russian literature is still felt not only through his poetry but also by his prose Wikipedia . As a child Lermontov read a lot of Pushkin's poems which influenced his future work. Just like Pushkin in his poems Lemontov talked about his generation. His characters highly valued human morals such as love honor and justice If I am sad it is because I am in love with you And well I know the blight of rumor most untrue Will not forbear to mark your blooming youth with sorrow. For every hour of joy Fate will exact tomorrow A toll of tears and pain that you alone must pay. So I am sad my dearest love because you are so gay. Friends and Partners 1996 Lermontov's characters were also above the masses and tried to stay away from them which is why they always were alone. No one listens to me I am alone. Day goes out the red strips of clouds Come to the west and the fireplace Is crackling before me. I am filled by dreams Dmitri N. Smirnov Wikilivres 2008 Lermontov was rich independent and talented. Although he associated with high society he criticized it and the authorities. In 1837 he wrote the poem Death of Poet dedicated to Pushkin's death. The poem all but accused the powerful pillars of Russian high society of complicity in Pushkin's death. Without mincing words it portrayed that society as a cabal of self interested venomous wretches huddling about the throne in a greedy throng the hangmen who kill liberty genius and glory about to suffer the apocalyptic judgment of God Wikipedia . Having written the poem Lermontov was sent to exile in Caucasus. Here he became intimate with radicals. He believed in the correctness of radicals who were fighting against autocracy. In conclusion Pushkin and Lermontov had similar goals of their poetry . Both of them believed that a poet had to tell only the truth to people and he was only dependent on God. They both thought that a poet is different from other people but this difference made a poet's life hard and lonely. They both knew that going against this crowd meant to stay alone however they still called on their characters not to pay attention to what people thought about them. These two greatest Russian poets had a big role in forming a new progressive thinking society. Even though they weren't understood by the majority there were young educated people who learned a lot from them.
