Talk Show According to Wikipedia talk show Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_on Jun. 27 A talk show is a television or radio program where one person or group of people will discuss various topics put forth by a talk show host . Talk show is a very popular kind of TV program not only in the US but also in Taiwan. We can always see talk shows on the hottest time on TVs. Talk shows have also make a big influence on our daily life. Though talk show has become a big trend in Taiwan and the US the topic of the talk shows in Taiwan and the US are different. In the US talk shows tend to focus on talking about entertainment while Taiwan prefers to talk about politics. Differences in the topic of talk shows create the different audience's age. Compare with the US which have teenager as their major viewer Taiwan's talk show audiences are much older. For example Opera's talk show which is the most popular talk show in the US seems to talk about everything. But actually it talk about entertainment more and makes a big influence on the way teenager think about entertainers and movie stars. Opera is not only a billionaire but also become one of the most influential people in the world by her show. About Taiwan there are lots of talk shows only focus on talking about politics those Taiwan talk shows are also popular in other Asian countries such as Japan and China. People in Taiwan pay a lot of attention on politics talk show and very active to call in especially the communities group. Nevertheless the topics are different all the talk shows have two same purposes to make audience know more and feel interested. The host of talk show not only exhibits his or her idea about the topic but also makes audiences feel the sense of participation by calling in. In this way audiences can speak out their ideas not just host's idea can be seen on screens. The expression way of talk shows are very different too. In the US talk shows often have a host and a guest. They seat on chair and talk without standing up or perform. But Taiwan's talk shows are famous for their mimicries. Talk shows in Taiwan always have a host and lots of entertainers that pretend to famous politicians in Taiwan. They talk about recent news and discuss other parties on talk show with funny and exaggerate expressions. So the talk show style of Taiwan and the US are totally different. Watching talk shows is a good way to know more news and listen to different opinions so that we can look thing from the other side. Next time if you see a host of talk show is talking about something you know or you are interested don't forget to keep your eyes on it and ready to know more. It is a very delight thing to get rid of your own bias and listen to something new.
