My home city and Pittsburgh Living in different cities is a very exciting experience. Buraydah is my home city in my country Saudi Arabia. After I had moved to Pittsburgh US I thought about what these cities have in common. After spending two months in Pittsburgh I have figured out many things about the two cities that have similarities and differences between them. As history is one of the most important elements to talk about cities I found many historical related issues for both of the cities. On one hand Pittsburgh was named in 1758 by General John Forbes. It is known as the steel city for its former steel manufacturing base ANON_URLSITE_2010 . Also Pittsburgh's downtown which is between the rivers is known as the golden triangle. The downtown is very busy and there many unique buildings like the ironic building. On the other hand Buradydh was founded in 1577 by a tribe moved from the south of the Arabian Peninsula to the northern center because of wars and conflicts ANON_URLSPAGE_. In the recent days it was the most important city in uniting the kingdom by King ANON_NAME_0 because it is between Riyadh the capital and the opponent at that time in Hail north to Buraydah. Therefore its people affected in the uniting era a century ago when they supported the king against the enemy who mistreated them. Also many wars happened there and many important events emerged from Buraydah. Also it is known as the palms city . It has the biggest palm farm in the whole world which contains 200 000 palms and it is for charity purposes. The geographical and climate features obviously differ between Pittsburgh and Buraydah. Pittsburgh which is between the Ohio river and Monongahela river is mountainous and there are many hills compared to Buraydah where is desert. Moreover Pittsburgh has many plants forests and green lands whereas none of these are in Burydah. Also the weather makes a gap between Pittsburgh and my home city. It's much colder in winter and much less hotter in summer in Pittsburgh than in Buraydah. In summer it is about 37 48 degrees Celsius in Buraydah while it is about 25 30 degree Celsius in Pittsburgh ANON_URLSITE_27th Jan 2010 . ANON_URLSPAGE_the following Pittsburgh falls in the transition between the humid continental and humid subtropical climate zones K riversities. There are Carnegie Mellon University Duquesne University and the University of Pittsburgh. Also located in the city are Carlow University Chatham University Point Park University The Art Institute of Pittsburgh and a branch campus of the ANON_NAME_1 Morris University as well as the Community College of Allegheny County. Buraydah just as Pittsburgh has many colleges. There are Qassim University which has the largest number of colleges in K. S. A Buraydah College Private Qassim College Girls College Education College Industrial Institute Buraydah Technical College and Community College and other private institutes specialized in teaching computer and language. The biggest university there is Qassim that is completely supported financially and administratively by the Saudi Government. Regarding the public schools Buraydah has 300 elementary schools 100 intermediate schools and 60 secondary schools. This clear advancement attributed to the population increasing of the two cities especially in Buraydah where it raised from 500 00 in 2008 to 800 000 in 2010. Wages for teachers are almost the same whether in Buraydah or Pittsburgh. Wikipedia says that Pittsburgh Public School teachers are paid well relative to their peers ranking 17th in 2000 among the 100 largest cities by population for the highest minimum salary offered to teachers with a BA 34 300 ANON_URLSITE_27th Jan 2010 . Counting on this number it is the same in Burdayah where teachers with a BA are paid starting from 26 000 to 40 000 ranges depending on years of experience. Health care is much better in Pittsburgh than Buraydah. It is not about how many hospitals this city has or the other but also it is about the quality of the doctors and equipment. In Pittsburgh UPMC is well known and. In Buraydah there are 3 major hospitals which are King ANON_NAME_2 Hospital Buraydah Center Hospital and Women Hospital but none of them are as good as Pittsburgh ones. Many of Buraydhians in very serious cases have to go to the capital Riyadh where there are more than five very good hospitals. However there is a promising future in the health care institutes in Buraydah in the last two years when two private hospitals launched branches where people can stay in their city instead of going to the capital in many cases. Both Buraydah and Pittsburgh have good economies and jobs. Pittsburgh is still one of the few cities that keep their income and jobs almost on the average during the financial crisis and because of that President Obama addressed a speech in Pittsburgh and decided to make the Internation Financial Conference in Pittsburgh in 2009. Nevertheless Buraydah was hit by the financial inflation and the government tried to raise wages as a solution to that international inflation but the problem resisted in 2008. After two years there is a trend toward better situation and mass products prices which had arisen during the inflation started coming back to the average prices. To conclude Buraydah and Pittsburgh are really unique cities among their own countries and even they are in very different countries they share many things in common and a few differences especially in the climate and the nature. Also Buraydhahians buy Hershey chocolates which come from Pittsburgh not only that describes the whole thing about these two cities except that they maybe knew each other 30 years ago and they helped each other since though to go over many things together. Finally I can feel that I am my home when I am in Pittsburgh more than feel that I am in a completely new place. References 1 Buraydah n. D retrieved from ANON_URLSITE_2 ANON_URLSITE_27th Jan 2010. 3 Wikipedia pittsburgh n. D retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_4 Wikipedia Buraydah n. D retrieved from ANON URLPAGE
