President Barrack Obama and President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni are among the few rare leaders in the history of mankind. From all aspects of life the president of Uganda Yoweri Museveni and that of the United States of America Barrack Obama are similar heroes. Even though there are not any two persons who are completely the same or totally different these two great leaders are similar to a great extent. The president of the United States was voted into office when the US economy was experiencing a recession. This economic hardship was experienced nearly everywhere in the US economy. There was widespread unemployment and a failure of the market system of demand and supply. The banking system of the great United States of America also generally failed. Peoples' standard of living fell drastically and the general welfare turned out to be miserable and poor. This state of affair in the economy was a surprise to many American people who had been hitherto in a better economic state and with a generally better standard of living than Ugandans for example and with a rich economy. President Obama however was not discouraged by these difficult tendencies of the US economy. He ably appointed officials to redirect the economic policies and presided over sessions which resulted in economically friendly regulations and laws that helped steer the economy out of the meltdown. Even though not fully recovered the US economy to most people has now started operating on a better economic stand! Like President Barrack Obama President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda came to power only to find an economy without functional banking and insurance systems. The government treasury had been depleted of foreign currency by the fleeing dictators such as Idi Amin Dada. The Ugandan Shilling the legal tender had lost value and there was a heavy foreign aid debt. Inflation was at one of its highest points and there was a general decline in most economic sectors like agriculture industry and service delivery. The roads the railway network and air transport were in a bad economic state. Most of the sectors of the Ugandan economy were in apparent limbo! President Yoweri Museveni like President Obama came up with policies to help recover the economy. He encouraged the growing of non traditional cash crops like rice beans cassava potatoes groundnuts among others which fetched more money and enabled people to regain their former economic status which other leaders should have found it harder. He like President Obama negotiated with neighboring countries of Kenya Tanzania Rwanda and Burundi to sign the Preferential Trade Agreement PTA which urged all member states to suspend trade barriers among the member countries. He further steered the country of Uganda the sign the COMMESA Common Market for East and Central African Countries which permitted member countries within not only East Africa but also Central Africa to trade freely within the region. These bold economic strategies like those of President Barrack Obama makes people regard these leaders as two of the most successful ones in recent history. Similarly both President Barrack Obama and President Yoweri Museveni faced political difficulties. For example President Barrack Obama inherited two wars one against the Iraqis and the other with the Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan. These two wars were not of his own making but according to the New York Times the war in Afghanistan is today called Obama's war May 25 2010. In the connection President Yoweri Museveni inherited many rebellions internally. There was the rebellion by the Lord's Resistance Army LRA . Another by the FOBA Force Obote Back and many people today regard him as a war monger. For example they see his efforts in Somalia under the auspices of the African Union as an attempt to extend his war spirit into Somaliland. Much as these two leaders are alike in many aspects President Yoweri Museveni is a general in the Uganda Peoples Defence Forces but President Obama on the other hand has not yet served in the military. Nevertheless these differences are minor. The two are commanders in chief of their respective armies. References Elizabeth New York Times article May 25 2010
