Are you looking for a job with a shiny future One of the most popular major nowadays is systems analysis. Our lives have been invaded by information technology in both the public and private sector so we now depend on it in most of our daily work. If you desire to become a systems analyst you need these three skills experience in information technology and business procedures good communication skills and the ability to analyze information and requirements. First a system analyst must have knowledge about information technology as well as business work flow. Systems analyst continue to enhance his or her knowledge in this field by reading technology books and magazines and learning about latest hardware and software such as new different types of networks servers databases applications and security systems. In addition a systems analyst must have knowledge of different structural systems and how the different departments are related to each organization such as how human resources and financial affairs are related. This will enhance his or her ability to gain a full perspective on how to replace a manual system or an old application by new computerize system. Most organizations prefer to employ one who has an academic degree because they believe he or she already has background and basics skills in this knowledge from a university. Second it is important that a systems analyst has good communication skills because he or she will need to understand the client's specific requirements. The biggest problem that a systems analyst faces is resistance to change. Many employees in different organizations are afraid of using information technology in their work. For example most of top management thinks it will reduce their control and also some employee thinks it will limit their privilege. Therefore systems analyst must be able to deal with this type of client and make them trust his or her solution. In addition he or she should be able to explain how the technologies solutions has benefits they will gain by using computerize system as well as answer their questions and enquirers. Moreover he or she must be able to work as a team with his or her manager and coworker to satisfy their needs. Third a systems analyst should be able to understand as well as analyze information and requirements that he or she collects from the clients. In addition he or she must pay attention to details which may affect the computerize system work. For instance security level and what type of information each user can see. After gaining information and assessing the needs of the client a systems analyst must be able to write an analytical information in specific documents by using standard methods or specific models common between information technology specialists. To review many organizations in both public and private sector rely on information technology in their daily work. Having good knowledge in information technology strong communication skills and ability to analyze information and client's requirements allow the systems analyst to perform their job efficiently.
