Today the world depends on electronics. Since it has penetrated into our lives we can't live without the electronics. It has become essential units to people. On the other hand there are many people who are trying to improve these units. They the researcher are developing technologies which can be useful and convenient to users. To be successful researcher we need three aspects which are analysis ability knowledge and creative thoughts. The researcher in electronics are kind of engineers whose common ability is that of analysis. They need to recognize the problems that people have and enhance the system. People who don't have the analysis ability can recognize the problems but can't fix them. Considering it with a different point of view they need to analyze the previous devices to make advanced devices. The other aspect the researcher need is knowledge. This knowledge is not the knowledge about the circuit what researchers naturally have. The second aspect of knowledge is knowledge of other things like knowledge of materials physics chemicals and so on. If they have those kinds of knowledge they can get inspiration from them and combine them into one. Not just for researchers most of today's careers require diverse knowledge. However the most ability that researchers need is creativity. Within design customers and users are sick of old designs. It is same in electronics. Especially in circuit which is most main part in electronics even normal people who have little knowledge of circuit can recognize how advanced technology has used. Researchers need to be creative to develop new technologies which can make devices efficient. Electronics are used by most people it has to be improved. The researcher need to study and make more advanced ones with the abilities mentioned above. Although they have those abilities those are not the only things they need to have. They need abilities in other aspects too. However the abilities mentioned above are the most crucial abilities for the successful researchers.
