For students writing is an overwhelming and pain which they face when working . Heni Nouwen wrote about this in his book Seeds of Hope. It explains how writing is difficult for students. I agree with his ideas that writing is often the source of great pain That true writing requires writing more than just ideas but rather releasing what is in your heart and it is hard to write what goes on my mind or heart in simply worlds. Writing is the source of pain and stress. Students have a hard time believing in our own creative mind. It is not true to stay without strain However you have to trust on yourself. There are many things yous could talk about it and that makes it difficult to try to rewrite what is already written down. Students think when we write about something that was written about before we will not make it perfect. For instance when we read a book that made in a perfect writing then we write about it we will not shows something amazing or different It could be bad. For me as student I think if we try more and more we will overcome the pain and stress. Writing necessitates writing more than just ideas it's about what are you feeling in your heart. Sometimes we write what we feel about something and that improves us. It is not just putting the idea down it is also discovering our experience about life. Writing is like an encyclopedia there are a lot of kind of styles and organization. Many teachers advise students to write what we want but students do not know the meaning from why the teachers asked us to do that. This could help us to improve our skills in writing and feel comfortable when we start writing. For example our teachers in ELI ask us to write an essay or a paragraphs in all classes even if it is not writing class. They know the benefits for all that. Writing is a form of expressing how one feels but there has to be a limit to the amount that one can express through writing. As English is my second language I find it harder to express precisely what goes on in my mind and what I feel in my heart. When I write in my first language of Arabic although it is easier for me to display how I feel in writing I still feel that there are limitations. These limitations occur because what goes on in my mind is much more complicated and very detailed that there are not many words to fit the way I feel and think. Although a person should write what they feel and think the reader must be aware that writing is a limited form of expression. In summary writing usually kind of great pain true writing needs more then ideas write what is your feeling and student face hard to write their feeling when we do not find the right worlds. Also practicing writing will improve your skills. When you write your ideas think what about you are feeling and write it. That could help you to discover yourself. In my opinion writing needs to be a daily exercise to develop your skills and also read more to learn about a lot of different styles of writing .
