Differences and Similarities between Pittsburgh and Jeddah Every place has a specific culture and history featuring its qualities among nations. In order to have a complete idea about any place you have to read about it and go over the historical documents which show how it was explored and developed. Both Pittsburgh and Jeddah have deep histories and traditions. They have differences points and similarities points as well. These differences originate from the obvious difference between these two cultures. However they have some similarity in some shared ideas. Pittsburgh and Jeddah are different in history. Pittsburgh which was discovered by European explorers has a long history since hundreds of years. This long history generates a variety of ethnic groups and special customs. According to Wikipedia by 1911 Pittsburgh was the nation's eighth largest city 6 21 2010 . Also Pittsburgh had a great chance to be one of the best cities in US due to its history whereas Jeddah was founded one hundred year ago by King Abdul Aziz when he made an agreement with the townspeople. Thus it doesn't have history as long as Pittsburgh. Another side of difference is the population and community. According to Wikipedia Pittsburgh population was 334 563 at the 2000 census by 2009 it was estimated to have fallen to 311 647 6 26 2010 . Despite Pittsburgh population it has many religious groups and many cultural customs from Asia and Europe. On the other hand according to Wikipedia the population of Jeddah currently stands at over 3. 4 Million 6 26 2010 which is a big number. There is clear difference between these two cities in the term of water resources. Pittsburgh city has three rivers which are the Allegheny River Monongahela River and the Ohio River. These three rivers provide the city of water while Jeddah which is the commercial capital has poor water resources. This shortage in water resources reflects on the economic development. Another area of difference is the type of sports which are played in each city. Both Pittsburgh and Jeddah have a variety of monthly or annual sports. Pittsburgh has many types of sport such as basketball football hockey and basketball. Moreover it has several public playgrounds and swimming pools. However Jeddah has few types of sports such as football and volleyball. Also it has some sports such as basketball but it is not as spread as in Pittsburgh. The style of housing is completely different in the two cities. Houses in Pittsburgh are small and contain maximum of 5 rooms with basement. Also many houses have a small yard in the front side and a garage in the rear. The houses are built from wood and brick. But houses in Jeddah are built from concrete and steel. Houses contain of 7 rooms at least with a big yard surrounding the home. The weather in Pittsburgh differs from the weather in Jeddah. In Pittsburgh it is rainy in summer and very cold in winter. Also in winter there are strong snow storms and hot air. On the other hand Jeddah has nice and mild weather in winter and very hot weather in summer. In addition the percentage of humidity is very high in summer season. Even if these two cities are opposite they share some similar point in social life and cultural meaning. Both cities have the same transportation methods. Pittsburgh has a big network of subways and several busses around the city. Likewise Jeddah which has the same e transportation methods but the train network is not as big as in Pittsburgh. The two cities are similar in presence of landmarks and monuments. Jeddah has many landmarks. For example there are King ANON_NAME_0's Fountain NCB National Commercial Bank tower Jeddah Municipality Tower and old Jeddah public area. Like Jeddah Pittsburgh gas many landmarks such as Cathedral of Learning Schenley Farms Historic District Oakland Civic Center Historic District and Mexican War Streets Historic District. Pittsburgh and Jeddah are different from each other due the obvious variety in culture and history. But they have some shared points which make these two cities attract people to know more about them. Pittsburgh. Wikipedia the free encyclopedia 6 26 2010 .
