Reaction Essay After I read these two paragraphes written by Henri Nouwen I was deeply impressed by the author's firm belief in writing. The title of his book Seeds of Hope implies that you can not control what will happen in your mind while writing. Perhaps most of us will encounter troubles to write a essay when we face the empty page. Even if the essay does not really reveal your inner feelings you can acquire joy from it. A flawless writing should consist of a proper topic definite logical thought and a broad range of social experience in an essay Obviously there is a suffering before we choose a proper topic for an essay. In my view a proper topic could make our essay different from others'. On the other hand if we put a common topic into a unique perspective or if we have a unique concept of a common topic it implies that we have achieved part of success to our target. For instance environment pollution is a universal topic for every country . We often complaint about air pollution water pollution noise pollution. However fewer people realize light could be a pollution if the city lights are used all day and night. Therefore light pollution could be a special point of view to interpret pollution. Secondly we need to familiarize ourselves with the topic we choose. Even a common interest subject can attract attention since great minds think alike. In addition we should organize our thought in a definite logical order prior to writing. Because the purpose of writing is to convey information or opinions meanwhile the readers are our friends classmates teachers or bosses. So how can readers understand what the writer said due to a disorder thought. Because I want to make sure what is main point and what is support detail. So preparing for a pre existence thought always occupy my most part of time. I fully agree with Nouwen that sometimes it seems that every sentence fails to express what I really want to say how does it come Because we do not completely prepare for our words. On the contrary free writing without any direction will deviate from our topic. The last point is that writing is founded on life experience. Nouwen says The writing itself reveals to us what is alive in us the soul of an essay comes from our interpretation of life. Only those sophisticated persons possess treasures that come from inner life. Writing not only presents our feelings but it also needs to reveal the darkness of society or the amoral cases in society. Moreover writing means the a positive signal should be sent to civil in order to improve the individual quality. Generally speaking true writing includes an appropriate topic logical presentation and rich life experience. True writing is based on perceiving the realistic material world communication skills and the soul of life.
