Have you ever felt that you were born to do something That you are destined to do it Well that's exactly how I feel. I was born to write. In fact I always remember myself with a pen in my hand and having hundreds of thoughts in my head. I find that writing is a way of healing. When you get a cut eventually your skin will fuse together again. For me writing is the way my body heals emotionally. But although I enjoy writing it's not always an easy process. In fact recently I read an excerpt from a book called Seeds of Hope about the writing process. The author who is Henri Nouwen explains the feelings that writers have when they write. It was as if he was in my head because he describes exactly how I feel. He also describes his own experience of writing by addressing different aspects of the writing process the fears that writers deal with the definition of writing and what is required in the writing process. In fact I find this book is a great example of the writing process and the emotions that writers go through every time they sit with a paper in front of them. Henri Nouwen describes through his own experience the fears that writers deal with including the fear of discussing a topic put forth by many writers before and whether or not they're going to write something valuable. Personally when I write I constantly ask myself if I can do it or will readers like what I wrote However at the same time I believe that we can all write about the same idea but every person will look at it from a different angle precisely from his own perspective. So even if many people discuss the same topic every opinion can be valuable and unique by itself. In contrast I'm a little confused about Nouwen's definition of writing. He says that most people feel they first must have something to say before they can put it on paper. In addition he says in a different place that with this approach true writing is impossible. In my opinion I agree that sometimes the ideas just come to you without planning but that doesn't always work because at other times you have to sit down and think at least of the first sentence. Indeed as a writer I realize the importance and the power of thinking of the first sentence. When you write the first sentence before you know it you will have another sentence and another one and the ideas will flow smoothly. Sometimes thinking of the first sentence is all you really need to start writing and to get the reader's attention. Nevertheless I can't agree more when Nouwen says Writing requires a real act of trust. I think that's exactly what it takes to be a successful writer. I guess what he was trying to say is writing can be a frustrating process especially when you face a block and you just can't find the right words or even when you can't put your ideas together. However all you need is to have faith courage and patience. You should trust your abilities and your instincts. When you have all these components you will take your writing to a whole new level. In conclusion I really find this excerpt that I read from Seeds of Hope interesting and it makes me want to read more and more from this book. In this excerpt Nouwen describes the feelings that writers experience. He defines true writing from his perspective. Finally he explains the requirements of the writing process. Although I don't agree with him on some points I still find him to be a great writer. He describes writing as a journey in which you discover yourself. It is not an easy journey but with passion commitment and trust you can make it a wonderful one.
