Don't you want to forget your feelings Using words to write down your feelings those would be filled with empty page. You also might not be fear of saying because the words represent the feelings. The article is from a book Seeds of Hope A Henri Nouwen Reader written by Henri Nouwen. If you want to understand about writing the author brings up his ideas. The article reveals three points writing represents your emotion writing connects with your life and writing develops your imagination. First from the author's opinion many people think that writing is little more than recording a pre existent thought. You don't say anything if the words can say them. Writing can describe your feelings that you can't say a loud. Sometimes the words imply your real meaning because the words show everything that you want to say. I see it is quite obvious to show the construction of writing For instance Ernest Hemingway who is a popular writer used brief words to describe his experience that he wants to say. In addition we can see the author said writing is a process in which we discover what lives in us. He indicates that an ordinary event is also a subject matter. They are plenty in your life. Writing down your experience records in your life. In general it is evident that writing exists in everywhere. For example Mark Twain whose articles are humorous described his stories when he was child. It describes about his childhood in his life and mocks the social manners. Finally for Nouwen writing opens up new places within us of which we were not aware before we started to write. When you create something the thing exists only in your imagination. You can imagine a story a human even if a movie. Those are your own inventions. For instance when you see everything you can create your imagination J. K Rowling invents a story to show her imagination. The story said a young boy whose life is full of frustrations owns mystical magic and then changes his life. In conclusion Nouwen writes about showing your real feelings making your life richer and increasing your imagination through writing. In my opinion writing can more plentiful your life when you create or put new idea in your mind. Then it indicates that you can put any your ideas from any information. I also believe that good writing has insight into your emotions and create your enchantment in your life.
