Henri Nouwen's Writing How do you feel about writing What are those feelings that come alive while you write These are interesting questions that Henri Nouwen the internationally renowned author and priest wrote in one of his famous books called Seeds of Hope. I agree with the author about some experiences that we sometimes have through writing the pain and anxiety that come with writing the trouble to express what we really want to say and the satisfaction that finally comes at the end of writing. Nowen wrote an amazing phrase in his book Writing is often the source of great pain and anxiety and this caught my attention because I can identify with it. Personally I find a strong connection with those words. The anxiety that comes for some people when they write can be indescribable. Nouwen says that even after many years of writing he is still experiencing a real fear when he faces an empty page. For me it is the same feeling and I just recently started writing. After many hours of thinking when I finally have to write down my thoughts I always experience anxiety. As a non professional writer it is difficult to express in one paper all the ideas that we have in our minds and our hearts. In addition for Nouwen it sometimes seems impossible to express what he really wants to say. Most of the time we cannot find the exact words to communicate our ideas. They are always only in our heads. As a writer I think it is a big challenge to express to the readers all the things that we want to say. For me I share the feelings of the author. Sometimes I feel frustration when all my ideas just stay inside my mind or when writing turns impossible for me. Trying to hook the readers in to something that I write is the biggest challenge for me. Also Nouwen mentioned something encouraging in his book writing can also be a big satisfaction. Moreover writing can also awaken other kinds of feelings. The feelings that he has experienced can turn into something positive. The deepest satisfaction that he has met through writing is what helps him overcome all the fears that he faces when he sees an empty page. I share the same opinion with the author because I always experience a deep satisfaction when I can see all my thoughts on a piece of paper. In conclusion all the feelings that we can experience while writing something are the feelings that help us to be better writers. Nouwen talked about how writing can be painful but also how at the very end of this big process it can turn into something satisfying. I completely agree with Nouwen. I like the duality of writing it can be so hard but at the same time it can be very pleasant.
