Reaction Essay The most difficult thing is talk about what you feel and think writing sometimes is complicated. Henri Nouwen in Seeds of Hope A Henri Nouwen Reader which mentioned writing process from his opinions. He mentioned writing is often the source of great pain and anxiety I agree with him. Writing always confused me. I agree with the author about the following I must have great idea that is better than other people I have to express myself clearly and I have to learn how to writing. If I have anything to say that hasn't already been said better by someone else I will feel upset too. I afraid that I have the same opinion with other people and I can't said better than someone else. For example students always talk about the education must have to change. However most student can't provide a great idea to support their opinion. Sometimes I will worry about it too. I just can't give a great idea to support my opinion that will let me feel sad. I am afraid that my opinions not good enough than others. Everyone don't want their article is common to see just like other people me either. Sometimes it seems that every sentence fails to express what I really want to say and that written words simply cannot hold what goes on in my mind and heart. Having problems to express my own idea then this writing is lost it meaning. When I was writing I fear that I can't express myself precisely. Although the writing maybe is not good enough we have to keep writing without too much uncertainty. He mentioned writing requires a real act of trust. We have to say to ourselves I do not yet know what I carry in my heart but I trust that it will emerge as I write. I understand that I don't have to worry too much about my writing finally looking. The one thing that I must have to do is try my best to express my ideas no matter the result is good enough or not. He mentioned writing is often the source of great pain and anxiety I agree with him. I'm worried about made mistake in my English. I can't to write very fluency I'm afraid to use wrong word or wrong grammar in my writing. Because English is my second language. Even use my native language I will confuse too. If you feel fear when you was doing your writing I don't think this writing will have interesting to attract any body. Sometimes think too much will become an obstacle to writing a essay. Therefore writing is the true way to express your opinion don't give up the chance you can use it directly express yourself without any decoration. That is the true writing meaning. Having great idea using the correct word and express myself precisely always reduce my interest in writing. Write down the writing idea quickly and creatively is really difficult especially for a foreign student like me. Sometimes I really fear that I can't create amazing idea in my writing and can't express my opinion fluently. I'm afraid my writing is not outstanding than other people.
