Interesting Citys in KSA. My country has many interesting citys to visit like Al Riyadh Al Hasa and Mecca. Al Riyadh in middle Saudi Arabia is a capital city. First it has attractive bulilding. For example national museum his name is The Museum of History and Archaeology in Riyadh. Is a colossal and comprises eight sections. These sections are based on different themes. There are several films and some maps and generally it's very interesting. There section is about clothes accessories and some old instruments. There are some painting ancient coins portraits weapons musical instruments and collection of stones and minerals. Another section includes the prophet and his mission Hajj unification Islam and the Arabian Peninsula and The two Holy Mosques. Second it has important place. For example The Premier University his name is King ANON_NAME_0 University. It is the oldest University and has educated many members. There are undergraduate courses in the natural sciences the social sciences the humanities and professional studies. The medium of instruction in undergraduate programs is English for medicine and engineering and Arabic for other subject. Al Hasa in the eastern region of Saudi Arabia has natural resources. First it has considerably attracted foreign investment. Such as it has oil and petroleum. Second it is an gricultaral area and economical. For example it has produces type of dates rice corn citrus and other fruits. It has traditional small scale industries and some industries producing cement and plastics. Mecca in the west Saudi Arabia is central to Islam. First it is Islam's holiest city and aspiritual hub of Islamic religious beliefs and faith. For example it has Grand Mosque Masjid alHaram and sacred Zamzam well insid it AL Kaaba which all Muslims face when then they pray and the house of ANON_NAME_1 Bin Abdul Muttalib where prophet ANON_NAME_2 was born in the 6th century AD. Second it immediate vicinity to make are off limits to non Muslims. For example All musliums are supposed to make the pilgrimage or hajj once in their life.
