What kinds TV programs worth watching TV programs are a popular method to get new information. Although they can't give us very detail information they can offer us different ways choose to get information. Some of the information is factual and is for entertainment. There are three kinds TV programs that I think worth watching travel food and police show. First TV program is travel. Travel programs can provide us touch different place building culture etc. Maybe I can't travel many countries but I can get some travel information from TV program. Travel program introduce beautiful place for me. For example I never had been Niagara Falls but I can understand that how big is it and some history about it by TV program. It also talks about special building that how and why to build it. For example Tokyo Tower used to Radio transition on 1960's but now it became a famous and special building for travel. I also can understand different the culture come from different countries. For example old Egypt culture let the King become a mummy and put in the Pyramids. Only old Egypt culture had this tradition. Second TV program is food. Foods programs can offer us get much delicious food information. There are many kinds food in the world. I can't taste and cook everyone but I can choose that which food I like and get information from TV programs. Some programs introduce special restaurants in Pittsburgh. For example there is a Germany tradition food restaurant in Southside. They not only offer meal but also offer beer that make by themselves. Some meal I like eat but I can't cook it well. I can learn cook skill form master. For instance I watch cook program that teach me how to cook pasta well. I can get idea and cook skill. It also tells us different foreign food. For example there is a TV program in Taiwan. It introduces many kinds foreign food in the Asian. We can know a lot of information about food from TV program. Third are police shows. Police shows let us understand police how to investigate a legal case. For example CSI show us police get information from a work field. We can understand use some equipment can get detail evidence. For instance use GC MASS can analyze toxic. It let us know how to find out the killer and understand police work statue. We can get much different information from TV programs. Which one is good for your choose. In my opinion travel food and police shows is the worth watching TV programs. Because they are good for you to learn different proffers.
