I like the picture that come from any place that has war not because I like the war but I think the pictures which come from the places of war have more honest feeling . The cameraman took the picture from somewhere in Afghanistan and the picture has three children and one soldier. Also the cameraman took the picture in the morning. I like the picture because it shows me that many people around the world like the peace the emotions children and the place for the picture. First when I watch the news on the TV I sometime think that people do not like each other and usually I would my feel not correct. However when I looked at the picture I changed my idea about peoples and I believe that most of people around the world like peace they want complete their live without any war. My feel had changed because the picture has soldier give food to the enemies' children. Before I explain why I changed my thinking I want you think about when you see the soldier gave his enemies food or help you will feel the solider likes peace. I think most of people hate kill as the solider in the picture and I am sure he came to Afghanistan because his government wants he fight with them. Second the difficult feeling is when you see someone needs help food or he she has a sense of fear. However the most difficult emotion is when you see the children scared as the children in the picture. I know the soldier who is in the picture wants help them but they are children. They do not know if the soldier came to help them or to kill them because his look very scary with his arm. As soon as I saw the children in the picture I remembered that many children have died in many places around the world and I have been thinking that why they died. Finally anyone knows when armies come to any country they destroy everything in the enemies country . The picture show us how the armies did in Afghanistan. There are no buildings no farms just primitive life. The place in the picture made me sad because many countries spend time and money to build their countries and the armies come and demolish everything in one month. In conclusion the picture which I saw is one of the beautiful expressive images I looked in my life. The picture changed my idea that people like war more than peace made me sad when I look at the children because they were very scared and show me
