During his evolutionary journey from Neanderthals to Homo erectus and then to Homo sapiens man has come a long way. Because of his continuous quest for more and more amenities and facilities the nineties have seen a major progress with the invention of computers. Ten years ago the term Internet was practically anonymous to most people ANON_URLSITE_2000 2009 2009 . Today the Internet is the main source of information and education. Along with useful information the Internet provides different services such as job seeking watching your favorite movie and even purchasing a ticket for your trip. However the Internet can be offensive discriminative and pornographic. One of the main debates that is being discussed over and over is whether the Internet should be censored. Although some think that the Internet shouldn't be controlled by a government those who think that it must be have irrefutable arguments. Today everyone has an access to the Internet. The Internet influences our daily life and makes it easier. In previous years job seeking required visits to companies to apply for a job today all you have to do is send your resume to that company ANON_URLSITE_1998 2008 . Another example of Internet advantages is on line shopping. On line shopping allows customers to shop at a convenient time from any part of the world. Moreover customers can read recommendations and comments about products and make purchases according to them. However people seem to forget about their safety. Every day thousands of people are being deceived by scams. According to the Internet Crime Complaint Center statistics Internet crime complaints have increased 667. 8 Between 2001 and 2009 reports. The UK's National Fraud Reporting Center has announced about 15 000 people contacted the center in the first six months of 2010 saying that they had been victims of fraud Wikipedia . The reason why people give way to scams is that so many of them are based on real events. For example the number of scams increased after the earthquake in Haiti. People received mails in which they were asked to help victims and make donations W. ANON_URLSPAGE_well known Internet fraud is about a Nigerian family. Most of us have received emails from a young African prince asking you for your credit card number so he can put his money in your account. Internet scams can be varied but in any case scams offer unbelievable amounts of money to people. Yet people still give way to scams every day. The biggest advantage of the Internet is probably the information that it offers. Mostly students and children use the Internet for searching for information. Today almost everywhere students are required to use the Internet for research. Teachers give tests that require Internet research. The positive side of using the Internet by students is that it saves time and money. If 20 years ago students had to spend hours in libraries trying to find indispensable books today they can do it without even leaving the house. The other reason why students and children use the Internet is entertainment. Nowadays nearly everyone has unlimited access to the Internet. We can download any game or movie we like and what's more it is often for free. Millions of people all over the world communicate with each other via the Internet. An interesting fact about communication is that we can contact people from anywhere in the world even not knowing them. In fact the Internet has been successfully used by people to find life long partners. The fact that everyone can use the Internet for any purpose has negative sides. Pornography is the biggest threat to children's mental health. According to scientific researches there are four basic steps that occur after children watch pornography for the first time First step is addiction. After children discover pornography they continue watching pornographic images again and again. The second step is escalation. An individual will need more materials to fulfill his need. The third step is desensitization. Individuals being addicted to pornography will watch it as if it is normal. The last one is acting out. Once an individual becomes used to all this he will try to do it in real life ANON_URLSPAGE_. Knowing how harmful pornography is for children and that almost every kid has access to the Internet I strongly believe that we need government intervention. Government should ban all the sites that contain pornography. For some this may sound too restrictive however we do need to protect children and bring them up in a save society. Freedom of speech is one of the most crucial rights that individuals have. Without Freedom of thought there can be no such Thing as Wisdom and no such thing as public Liberty without Freedom of speech Benjamin Franklin . It is very important for any society. Through freedom of speech people talk about problems and solutions about the reality and the aspects of life they are concerned about. Freedom of speech is not only important for citizens but also for a government. Through the Internet a government learns what people like and dislike about it. Moreover democratic governments quickly respond to the desires and dissatisfaction of people. Although through the Internet people cant talk freely this opportunity has a dark side. Much attention has been focused on pornography and fraud on the Internet but less has been done and said about bigotry and prejudice on the Internet ANON_URLSITE_2000 . The number of hate groups movements that focus on hostility and prejudice toward members of a race ethnicity religion or gender have increased. According to Christopher Wolf Hate groups have emerged from the back alleys of the past to post their hateful ideas online in full view of everyone where they can hide behind their anonymity while spewing their hatred for a potential audience of thousands if not millions ANON_URLSITE_. The Internet lets them spread hate without being punished. That is where we need Internet control to prevent the function of these numerous hate groups. In conclusion the Internet plays an important role in our lives. It is the main source of information education and communication. But the fact that the Internet is used with bad intentions is unfortunately true. Millions of people suffer from Internet fraud pornography and bigotry and in order to stop this information needs to be filtered.
