1204 Words Internet controls. A decade after the WWII the whole world was in the tension of Cold War. In order to gain predominant influence over the world the two leading rival countries the US and USSR started a long and bitter competition on the advancement of technology. Though the result of competition is an economic devastation however many modern technologies had been developed during the competition and Internet is one of them. After the invention of Radar and telephone the nations tried to use the theory on the radar to develop a network that spreads all around the world. However as USSR launched the first satellite Sputnik 1 space race started between the US and USSR. With the satellite been launched into space the nations finally found a way to distribute the network hence the internet was invented. With its repeat development the internet now becomes a main aspect in most people's life. With diverse information posted on it the internet is welcomed by everyone around the world. From personal anecdotes to international news from sport outlook to games and chats internet included the functions such as entertainment informational searching inter communication and self representation. Though internet could be a useful tool for relieving and working yet its mighty function also caused many to addict on it due to many of the addictive websites such as game sites and porno sites. Due to this reason I believe the government should monitor the websites that should be put onto the internet. There are several reasons for my claim. Although some people think that individual freedom will be inevitably lost if governments monitor and control what is put on the internet governments should protect people from internet crimes. Many people had such experiences a stranger asked them a donation by e mail or an e mail telling that they were a raffle winner and asked their personal information or when they responded to an e mail advertisement they received a computerized worm completely destroying their computer or when they filled in their personal information on some website identified thieves stole the information and their bank account was empty and money disappeared. Meanwhile drug dealers terrorists or child molesters utilize the internet to communicate between each other and located their victims. The internet is accessible to everyone. Also the internet allows people to use unreal names and invented addresses. The internet does not require anything from the user except an account name. However its accessibilities have become comfortable for all illegal activities. For example some sites teach how to make bombs concoct poisons and conduct terrorist operations hatemongering sites target minority religious and ethnic groups Depictions of extreme violence and bloody gore are prevalent in online games. Who doesn't fear violence and terrorist and set up her his personal freedom on the dangerous internet Would the people like to retain their personal freedom while they are disrupted by scams every day and suffer hackers often There is no reason for the internet to be a wild and lawless place. The internet should be a safe haven for the public and governments should monitor it and minimize millions of people getting risk. Despite the fact that some people believe governments have no rights to monitor and control the internet because the rich resources from the internet entertain them and they pay the money for the entertainment governments should be able to monitor and sensor the information put on the internet and prevent people from spreading misinformation games including pornography and violence as well as hateful writings that incite violence. What parents worry about the most is that their children have unrestricted access to the internet and become an addict or a victim of pornography. Nowadays millions of youths who are online whether at home at school or at a friend's home might encounter the different kinds of game pornography and violence on the internet. For example in the U. S 90 percent of youths surveyed between the ages of 8 and 16 said that they had unintentionally encountered pornography online in most cases while doing homework. The web also provides easy access to sites that promote teen gambling and many youths become addictive in the games and stay with the internet every day instead of going to school. Furthermore some young people imitate the violence that they watched on the internet and commit crimes. The website monitor can help to reduce addictive websites such as game sites or limit the time period for the opening of such website. For example the government can block certain addictive websites by blocking the website the government could control the time period that allows people to access the websites and for how the websites are accessible. Through the reduction of those addictive websites the government could prevent people especially teens from addicting on the internet and unable to give the self control hence prevent them from distracted from school or work and lend them to a higher possibility for a successful future. Also government can monitor the websites to reduce the immoral and unacceptable websites. Those intolerable websites include the porno sites fraud sites and agitating sites. Those sites through the certain imaginative demands from people can lead people a wrong way and cause them to fall down morally. For example the porno sites used the most people's desire for a sex love to attract them and increase their sexual demand. As the sexual demand of people increased it will lead them to a trend of searching for the sexual experience no matter whether it is legal or whether it is profitable and suitable. As a result the porno site will finally cause people who watch it into enforce an illegal or inadequate site which would lead them into great troubles. So if government monitors the internet they can seek out such kind of pervert sites and rid them which then will prevent the sites on misleading people into committing the crimes and create a better social environment. I believe that people don't want to pay their money for the entertainment which might generate addicts violence and crimes. I think no parents like to pay for the entertainment which might bring negative effects on their kids. Governments should negate all the unacceptable information and games putting on the internet by monitoring and controlling it. Governments should manipulate internet service providers and software programs by requiring them to offer controls that act as railings to block inappropriate pop ups and access to harmful sites. Governments should let everyone know that they will monitor and control the internet. This is not an invasion of privacy. The fact that governments monitor and control the internet is to protect youths also adults from online dangers. Thus the internet can be a tool that will not threaten the safety of everybody. Otherwise people who don't want to violate laws via the internet should feel safe about governments' monitoring because governments will garde you personal safety by monitoring and controlling the internet. Reference 1. 2008 October . Your child and the internet. Awake! 2. Daskeo F. N. D. . Should the internet be mmonitored and taxed by the government Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE. 3. Lannak E. N. D. . Should the internet be mmonitored and taxed by the government Retrieved from ANON URLPAGE.
