Word count 1113 The internet today is the most important communication in the world. It was established in 1969 when the world was still not advanced. Not only was the world not advanced but also the people were using principle things instead of the advanced. Now the websites are fill the internet but they don't reach the MAXIMUM limit. There are many different websites in the internet and some of which are good and some of which are bad. Despite the fact that many websites are bad I believe that the internet should not control by the government or by the authority. Of course there are some reasons that I believe the internet should be controlled by parents not by the government. Some reasons are freedom of seen freedom of thought and freedom of worship. First of all people have different hobby and different tendencies. For example I waste my free time by watching movies and reading some books but my friend waste his free time by playing soccer or by watching it. Also many think that every thing should display in the TV OR internet without censorship. However I believe that some shows should be monitored by someone to protect the spectators. For example according to ANON_NAME_0 ANON_NAME_1 2010 the increasing of the pornographic industry on the Internet forces the Saudi government to block and forbid the access of pornographic websites. Most parents today are worried about their children when they have unrestricted access to the Internet. There are 4. 2 Million pornography websites 12 of total websites and any computer literate child with unrestricted access can view these sites. Due to the increasing number of these websites and the new ways that are being used to publish their contents the Communications and Information Technology Commission CITC uses new technologies to block these websites. Unfortunately this won't block all of these websites and the problem is still hard to control. Internet pornography has negative effects on people's life. Furthermore many studies proved that pornographic websites makes people a physically interactive society. According to experts the effects of pornography are progressive and addictive for not only kids but also many people. The Saudi government has established a new set of laws to criminalize the sexual exploitation through any kind of technology including the Internet. The content of these global websites not only involves adult pornography but also child pornography. According to a National Children's Homes report the number of Internet child pornography images has increased 1500 since 1988. Furthermore 20 of all Internet pornography involves children and more than 20 000 images of child pornography are posted on the Internet every week. Therefore controlling the Internet is not a practical solution to protect children from these websites but it can only restrict and limits the risks of these websites . 1 Also people have different perspective and different thought and sometimes they want to share their thought. They do that by write their own books share their ideas in the TV or they put their ideas in the internet by written or hearsay. Everyone have the right to put his or her thought in the internet. However they should notice that people will see their thought even the kids. It is crucial that parents monitoring their children if the children use the internet daily because many people put misleading ideas and that will affect the children behavior. In my perspective putting some misleading ideas in the internet may affect other people ideas or behavior. So it is important that everyone watching carefully the thought he wants to put it for the public. Unfortunately some countries are blocked the websites which are contain these ideas or thought instead of fighting this misleading ideas or thought. Secretary Clinton spoke on the importance of freedom of expression and the free flow of information on the Internet and she said that On their own new technologies do not take sides in the struggle for freedom and progress but the United States does. We stand for a single Internet where all of humanity has equal access to knowledge and ideas. And we recognize that the world's information infrastructure will become what we and others make of it. Now this challenge may be new but our responsibility to help ensure the free exchange of ideas goes back to the birth of our republic. Also she said that the freedom to connect the idea that governments should not prevent people from connecting to the Internet to websites or to each other. The freedom to connect is like the freedom of assembly in cyber space. It allows individuals to get online come together and hopefully cooperate in the name of progress. Once you're on the Internet you don't need to be a tycoon or a rock star to have a huge impact on society. Secretary Clinton January 21 2010 . 2 Some countries have more than one religion. Every religion wants to preach and try to pursue other people about his or her religion. I believe that every religion has the right to preach in the internet. However some countries restricted access to the internet if the websites talk about the other religion that different from the main religion in the country. For example the CITC in Saudi Arabia is blocked pornographic websites and that's great because these websites unanimously restricted and not allowed to exhibit by all kind of religions. Also the CITC in Saudi Arabia is blocked some websites of Shia which is kind of religion and it is an official religion. The freedom of expression may be the most obvious freedom to face challenges with the spread of new technologies but it is not alone. Secretary Clinton also spoke about the freedom of worship. She said Prayers will always travel on higher networks. But connection technologies like the internet and social networking sites should enhance individuals' ability to worship as they see fit come together with people of their own faith and learn more about the beliefs of others. We must work to advance the freedom of worship online just as we do in other areas of life. Secretary Clinton January 21 2010 . 3 In conclusion I believe that some websites in the internet should control by the parents not the government and they should put some sensor programs to protect their children from the freedom of seen the freedom of thought or the freedom of religion that are spread in the internet without restrict in these years. Having the right to put everything in the internet you should make sure you don't put something bother other people . Also if the parents want their children become good or successful they should trust on their children and give him the self confidence. References. 1 ANON_URLSPAGE_2 ANON_URLSPAGE_3 ANON URLPAGE
