The Travel Is A benefit And Responsiblity The travel is became easier these days because of the available transportation. Some people travel just for a month or less. Other people live for along time in different country because of thier studying or thier work. However there is saying that travel has seven benefits. At the same time those people have responsiblities in many ways. When you travel to new country you should pay attention to many things to be open mind to learn the advantages of the new culture and to represent your country in a good way. To be open mind is important to communicate with the new things in new culture. First of all the international cultures are various in thier values customs and even thier food and clothes and you should accept the differences and try to be ceriuos about that. For example you may try new food that you don't have in your culture. So you didn't try before. Second the behaviour is also various. The polit behaviour in your culture sometimes is taboo in different culture. When you with the native people you should attention for this. So you can improve your relationships with your niebhoures and make new friends. In breif to be open mind is very helpful for you to communicate and benefit more from your travel. There are many good things to learn when you are in new culture. The language is the first thing you should learn. New language will be advantage for you. Also the design of life can be modern or special. A different environment could be rich by a lot of new and good things you would like to acquire. When you are in new country you represent your culture. First you should respect all the different cultures which make them respect you. For example your behaviour play a big role in making a positive impression about people in your country. Second you should accentuate the qualities of your culture. For example you can show your friends pictures from your country. Also you may bring some gifts to your teacher or colleage. . . Etc. To sum up the travel is your apportunity to represent your country and to give a good example for your culture. In conclusion as the travel has benefits as it requires you to be open mind and acquire the qualities of the new culture and make the other people know the positive qualities about your country.
