Government should control internet Every day in our competitive world we find out a new technology. Not only we should involve this technological tool in our live but also we must read about it enough. Fifteen years ago people used to correspond to each other by mail and contact each other hardly. In that time the information which was sent or receives was save and the sources of this information were known so there was nothing to worry about. However we really face an important issue in our live which needs to be studied carefully. Internet is used in everywhere by millions of people which makes watching the internet is crucial. It has both positive side and negative side. Thus we have to be able to decide what the negative is and to avoid it. Even though some people believe that the internet must be control free internet must be controlled by a strong authority such as the government to ensure our safety as users. Many people think that internet must be free and should be used as a right for everyone. Those users believe that the control of internet restricts them from creativity and makes them feel they are observed. They want their opinions take place everywhere even if it is wrong and has bad principles. Some of them see the control of internet is control of freedom and had dangerous impact on the spread of education and information. Also those who claim the freedom of internet don't welcome this idea because it slows down the access of new information and facts which need to be analyzed before being access able for any user. However they don't see the negative consequences of their outlook which may occur in the future especially for young users. Therefore all users of internet must be safe while using this useful communication method. Using internet should be secure and safe to protect users. Because every day there are new information from different and unknown sources we need assistance that make sure the information that we receive is useful and applicable in our life. Also some internet users are not able to evaluate this information if it is good or not. Another factor which promotes the control of internet is the spread of hackers who try to damage documents and disclose the private users' information. Some users may use this benefit tool to spread bad ideas and misguide people. Therefore government has the ability to prevent these problems and make using of internet safe. Many educators and writers provide this valuable network by huge information which serves good purposes. Those providers want to make sure their materials are safe and will not be interpolated. They have this right to have their articles secure. As consequence government can help them with this by watching users. Also government can ensure their rights by establishing some servers for these purposes such as bibliography. Controlling internet by government has obvious impact to prevent illegal materials. Illegal materials and information which effect on the public opinion are getting more these days. It leads to change the behavior of some users and makes them think in the wrong side. Also controlling internet prevent forming of gangs which support terrorism. Terroristic people establish many unsecure networks to share the information and plans. These unsecure networks must be prevented and controlled only by the government because the bad impact of these bad works predominates in all people in the world. There is another benefit of internet controlling. Government wishes to teach its citizens that not everything is open. Thus citizens are more educated and able to decide what improves their knowledge. This control will protect citizens and allow government to create safe environment which is clear from any dangerous sources. Also students should given accurate information from internet which can be provided by specialist in education. Every technology has positive and negative sides. At the same time many children like to enjoy using internet such as games and other entertainments. Thus government must protect them and allow only the positive side of internet to them. To sum up it is true some people think internet should be free. However internet must be protected and controlled by government. Also users must help government by using internet correctly.
