Words 1220 A global child pornography social networking site was shut down by the authorities. According to the Department of Justice members of the site more than 1000 people traded child pornography discussed their interests of child pornography and shared security information of keeping the site. They have exploited vulnerable children by trading and producing images of the child sexual abuse. Simon 2010 The government intervention of the Internet was definitely necessary to protect our children from brutal adults. These days many Internet related incidents including misinformation pornography and hateful writings happen frequently all over the country. Although many think that government's control over the Internet can infringe the freedom of speech and the right to privacy I believe that Internet controls by government should be REINFORCED for several reasons. Even though high speed is a crucial advantage of using Internet the speed of information spread on the Internet is too fast to stop spreading misinformation. Also reporters want to release their articles as soon as possible since the latest articles can draw public attention. As a result people do not care about whether the news is true or not just focus on the content of the news. The problem is that real information can be MANIPULATED and distorted by reporters or Internet users. For example one Korean female college student appeared on a TV talk show said that every men under 180 centimeters tall are losers. The news spread through the Internet quickly even before she explained about her utterance. It was an INEVITABLE consequence that she was criticized and attacked by many people mentally and physically. In South Korea Netizens power is so strong that they can either cause sensations or destroy one's careers overnight. Eventually it was revealed that she just said as the script written. Runnels 2009 This example shows that anyone can be a victim like her because of a false report carried by myriad of unknown people. If there is no controlling system over the Internet misinformation will spread rapidly and victims will increase continuously. Governments are supposed to protect people from damage resulting from false information. Therefore IMPLEMENTING policies of checking or censoring material on the Internet by government should be allowed. Hateful writings criticizing someone or something harshly on the Internet can not only hurt but also threaten many people. The Internet is a medium on which anonymity is guaranteed. This means no one knows the writer's information if the writer prefer to remain anonymous. Some cruel people misuse the privilege of anonymity on the Internet to hurt or harass others. In result many people especially celebrities suffer from hateful writings and even commit suicide. Jin sil ANON_NAME_0 iconic actress in South Korea killed herself at her home due to vicious rumors about her on the Internet. Rumors have spread on the Web that ANON_NAME_0 had lent a considerable sum of money to Ahn who committed suicide due to his financial troubles. A lot of Netizens blamed ANON_NAME_0 for Ahn's death because Ahn's suicide could be related to ANON_NAME_0's private money lending. Even though people did not know the fact they posted malicious comments toward her on the Internet. In addition to those rumors ANON_NAME_0's severe depression drove her to extremely unpleasant death. 2008 If the rumors or hateful comments were restricted before it got worse ANON_NAME_0 would not go too far. It is really pathetic and sad story occurred in my country. No matter what the situation may be government has to control inappropriate writings and false rumors on the Internet. We are able to convince people who do not want government's Internet control by giving those examples. Plagiarism is another severe problem arising from the Internet . It is easy to copy other's opinions or works on the Internet because there is tons of information. A lot of people plagiarize another person's writing on the Web to MAXIMIZE efficiency of their works. In particular students who are given too much homework in a short time share and trade their reports. According to the UK news some smart students in Britain earn thousands of pounds by providing their study materials and essays to other students on the internet site. These ridiculous situations make school authorities begin to take action in students' plagiarism. Sadly cheats not only cheat the system but they cheat themselves out of the full university experience said a spokesman from the Department for Innovation Universities and Skills. Khan and Stokes 2009 Students should be educated on the danger of cheating before they grow up. Prevalent cheating behavior of students will decline the quality of studies and ability of creating their own thoughts. Schools as well as governments need to restrict the websites to prevent students from frequent plagiarism and punish students who involved in plagiarism before it gets out of control. When it comes to children the situation is much more serious. Nowadays children usually have an access to Internet without limitation which means they can easily contact news related to crimes murder burglary and rape. Since it is difficult to discriminate between right and wrong for children they may commit same actions without feeling guilty. Also children who belong to a period of building healthy sexual knowledge are sometimes exposed to online pornography. They will assume that extreme behaviors such as violence and rape in sexual relations are not inappropriate. These violent news and pornography not only damage children's mental health but also make children act in the same way. They should be protected from unhealthy materials until they grow up. Therefore strong strategies should be adopted to restrict online pornography to protect vulnerable children. As I wrote above child pornography is also one of the serious problems. Governments have to eradicate online child pornography because children are physically and emotionally abused. Moreover some teenage girls under the age of 20 meet with men who have ability to earn money by online chat and have sexual relations to make money. They sometimes get pregnant because they have less information about the method of birth control. They even do not know who the father is. It is hard to live as a single mother because many people still have a prejudice against them. Anyway governments should crack down on the sexual exploitation of minors. Screening online chatting and prohibit online prostitution should be enforced immediately. If men were angels no government would be necessary said James Madison the fourth President of the United States. Everybody knows men are not angels so we actually need governments and its appropriate control. Government should sometimes put people under restraint for their ARBITRARY and rude behaviors. Until now the internet has provided us with immense information and effective means of communication for people throughout the world. It is time to look back upon the past and judge the current situation with a cool head. If the governments give proper direction using Internet for people the Internet will be used for wholesome purpose rather than violent purpose. Simon Mallory. Feds shut child porn social networking site. CNN 27 May 2010 ANON_URLSPAGE_. Runnels Judith. The 'Loser' Story An Etymologist's Dream. The Korea Times 3 Dec 2009 ANON_URLSPAGE_Top Actress ANON_NAME_0 Found Dead at Home The Korea Times 2 Oct 2008 ANON_URLSPAGE_Khan Urmee and Stokes Paul. Students earn hundreds of pounds through internet note sharing. ANON URLSITE. 21 Feb 2009 ANON URLPAGE
