A right to die with dignity I. Introduction Terri Schiavo fell down in her house on February 25 1990 and nobody knew that she couldn't eat walk even smile at the loved ones again for 15 years. For seven years Terri's husband and her parents continued fighting a legal battle whether to have her feeding tube removed and allow her to die and the court stood for her husband Michael Schiavo. Not knowing whether she wanted mercy killing her parents believed that their daughter became better if she had appropriate treatment while her husband argued that she had a right to choose death with dignity Sosa Lin Barrette Johns ANON_NAME_0 Yuille 2005 . Becasue of this dramatic confrontation between her family members the misfortunate woman sparked a debate on euthanasia or mercy killing in the U. S. Euthanasia comes from Greek words good death . It could be divided into two parts one is active euthanasia in which a doctor or a medical expert performs an crucial role in patient's death. On the other hand in passive euthanasia professionals just withdraw vital equipment from a terminally ill patient. Some people say that no one has a right to take one's life even when he or she wants to do it to be free from unbearable pain. They argue that people's lives must be protected because human being is given sanctity by the Creator. Proponents insist that euthanasia be accepted for the reason of quality of life which is related to human dignity. They believe that they can choose to end their own lives if they suffer so terrible pain that they can't be happy to be with their loved ones and can't control even their own bodies. To live one's life doesn't mean only to breathe they say. Euthanasia or mercy killing is banned in most countries and only a few including Netherlands permit it under strict rules. Although there are a lot of controversies on euthanasia it absolutely deserves to be considered as one of humane measures to help patients who hopelessly wait for their deaths suffering unbearable pain. Euthanasia should be legalized for the following reasons we can take a look at it for three parts patients family and society. In other words it is to protect human dignity to maintain quality of life until the moment of death to stop family members' considerable distress and to ease financial burden of patients' family and to make more humane and reasonable society. . Arguments against Euthanasia Cons' argument is based on religion euthanasia is believed to trespass God's realm in which he controls every life. In church's position abortion death penalty and euthanasia undermine inviolable value of life. Moreover it says that suffering has religious value that draws a person interiorly close to Christ a special grace pope John Paul Salvifici Doloris 1984 . Some hold that legalizing Euthanasia means the start of a slippery slope that leads to involuntary euthanasia and the killing of people who are thought undesirable BBC ethics guide n. D. . They think if mercy killing is permitted more and more people will use this to evade responsibility to take care of one of their family or to kill someone for their own interests. Therefore they insist that palliative care which includes counseling patients and their family members and terminal sedation be a desirable alternative of euthanasia. . Three reasons for Euthanasia 1. Patients Human dignity is a main point both of pros and cons on euthanasia. Cons stress the importance of retaining value of life while pros put emphasis on quality of life. I strongly believe that human dignity is a concept how to live which means it could be retained by the way how an individual leads an autonomous life. If a person experiences so much suffering that even breathing is hard for him or her how can we say that the person lives one's own life Human dignity could be maintained only when one has sensation of one's own dignity not others' opinion. Moreover opponents view active euthanasia as more brutal and vicious way than passive one because in active mercy killing a doctor or a medical expert takes action to end a patient's life by using lethal injection or poison. However it isn't absolutely true. Take a look at Terri Schiavo's case. She died from dehydration and starvation due to doctor's withdrawal of feeding tube CNN 2005 . Nobody can assert it was more humane than non passive way. Some think palliative care is more humane and reasonable treatment for terminally ill patients. However many medical experts throw doubt on it and call it slow euthanasia without hesitation because of the possibility that drugs used to sedate patients' pain might speed death. For instance Mr. Calixte with late stages of colon cancer was hospitalized by his wife. Mr. Calixte and his wife had never thought a kind of euthanasia to end great agony. A doctor injected him with morphine to relieve his discomfort but right after this performance he suddenly died. He breathed his last without any family presence. His wife was convinced by the fact that morphine might cause his sudden death and was sorrowful not to say goodbye to her husband Hartocollis 2009 . Finally it may be true that suffering has religious and special meaning but its true just in case a patient isn't reluctant to accept the suffering not everyone believes in God or wants to figure out the meaning of discomfort. 2 Family Family members' distress and financial burden are an inherent part of the debate on euthanasia. Many criticize people who support euthanasia for the reason that they seem to choose an easy way to evade their responsibility to take care of their loved ones or to save their money. However the time to bear the responsibility is very likely to be over 10 years especially when their loved ones are in persistent vegetative state. The cost of treatment runs into astronomical figures. Furthermore family members' grief and sadness is beyond imagination they might have to look after the sick for such a long time in the vain hope that a bedridden husband wife or child would smile at them again. Or their heart might be broken by seeing their loved ones writhe around in the bed in agony. 3 Society Some worry that if euthanasia is permitted it may weaken the respect for value of life in the society BBC ethics guide n. D. . However it is unreasonable concern. Actually there are only a few of people want to finish their lives unnaturally if they are terminally ill. The issue of legitimacy on euthanasia is for them not every patient it is a problem about a right that one can choose to die with dignity. So if an individual think euthanasia is the best way to retain their human dignity the person should be able to choose it. The following sentencing is about terminal sedation in the U. S. A patient who is suffering from a terminal illness and who is experiencing great pain has no legal barriers to obtaining medication from qualified physicians to alleviate that suffering even to the point of causing unconsciousness and hastening death Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote in a 1997 case Washington v. Glucksberg Hartocollis 2009 . Even though the U. S. Court didn't give permission to euthanasia its point could be said to be close to one of proponents. . Conclusion When Mr. Hink who had been terminally ill due to multiple sclerosis and his family were ready for it his doctor administrated the poison and he just faded away . Mr. Hink and his family had enough time to think about which is the best way to have a good death of him and to be together confirming their love. This story is about a man who decided to be put to death before natural death in Netherlands Branegan 1997 . They make many people view euthanasia in a new way even though it is still a controversial subject in around the world. If it is under strict regulations and on the premise of a patient's will good death could be true to its name. Reference List Branegan J. 1997 March 17 . I want to draw the line myself. TIME. Retrieved from ANON_URLSPAGE_Hartocollis A. 2009 December 27 . Hard choice for a comfortable death Sedation. The New York Times. Retrieved from ANON_URLSITE_Sosa N. Lin C. Barrette T. Johns J. ANON_NAME_0 R. Yuille J. 2005 March 18 . Shiavo's feeding tube removed. CNN. Retrieved from ANON_URLSITE_BBC ethics guide. N. D. . Euthanasia. Reterieved from ANON URLSITE
