The internet is one of the world necessary tools in this time. The range of using the Internet used to be restricted in some aspects in our life such as the military sector but the Internet has become more and more CRUCIAL thing in other aspects such as education communication among people. It enables people to talk with anyone regardless the distance is. However it is an INEVETIBLE fact that everything has its positive and negative effects. Therefore the internet can wrongly educate some people bad things especially teenagers who do not have the responsibility about the potential risk. Moreover the security of information is very important issue that we are suffering in today. Even though the government should control on Internet some people feel that the government should not do that and let them have completed freedom to access the Internet. Opponents think that the internet is one of their human rights as most people in the world have. They think that Internet can exploit their free time by talking or chatting with friends or others. Once they come back from school they open the internet to talk with unknown friends. In my perspective Internet strongly and negatively affect youngest notably teenager who are not aware about the risk of communicating with people who have never talked to them before. It is obvious that they COMPENSATE their wasted time in doing untargeted purposes such as in communicating with friend instead of using it for educational purposes such as reading and researching in beneficial sites that offer many educational sources for students or professionals. Teenagers need to be restricted in using the internet in terms of proven and obvious risk. For instance many sites EXHIBIT sexual videos and pictures which do not correspond with some people age. Therefore internet will have a strong impact on this group of people in their behavior and future education. On the other hand these people feel that this is unavoidable thing even and can educate them sex methods before getting married. In addition to the previous reason opponents feel that the internet should not be monitored by the government or any authoritical organizations such as the intelligence agent. To begin with as far as I see there are many websites that can reveal peoples' information let's take the Face book as a realistic example. In this site people are able to read your profile and specific information such as the name age address and also your phone number. Furthermore this websites is designed to EXHIBIT your pictures for public. Obviously some Facebook members are professional photographers. They usually put their beautiful and awesome pictures' on this website. It can be true that people think it is quite helpful for readers for knowing where they are . As a result their friends will start asking about the area they live in. On the other hand I think it might be potential dangerous in their life because of some compelling reasons. Showing any pictures in the Face book can have some negative consequences. For example friends are capable to steal a picture of you and post it in their computers or putting the picture in their project without asking for a valid permission. Actually it is very easy to copy the picture and put it in somewhere you prefer. In my personal view the only one who can stop this thing is the government by controlling on this website so it can save peoples' rights. In January 2010 a lawsuit was filed against an online forum ANON_URLSITE_by a Maldives diving charter company see scubaboard lawsuit . The owner of the company claimed 10 million in damages caused by users of scubaboard ANON_URLSITE_and the owner of ANON URLSITE. Individual forum members were named in the lawsuit as employees of the forum despite their identity being anonymous except for their IP address to the moderators and owners of ANON URLSITE. This lawsuit demonstrates the vulnerability of internet websites internet forums and even ANON_URLSPAGE_local and regional lawsuits for libel and damages 1 The Department of Defense filters certain IP addresses. The US military's filtering policy is laid out in a report to congress entitled Department of Defense Personnel Access to the Internet . 1 Another issue is that the Internet can be another tool or made product to publicize the hate among people by distorting the fact of something. To be more specific the media has been a strong method for a long time to mobilize peoples' feelings against a group of people. As I can see Media has been doing works against Islamic religion by making some jokes about them and sometimes makes them feel that they are MANIPULATIVE by some so that Muslims do not become comfortable when visiting some countries. According to my experience in particularly using the internet to communicate with foreigners once I write in any forums that I am a Muslim they immediately feel afraid and prefer to leave. What the issue is that people generalize that all Muslims are the same which means that they all have the same quality BAD PEOPLE . In my perspective I do not think it is fair to say that the other religions are bad it can be true that there are some bad people however we should get the relationship close. That thing can only be made by government contribution by controlling on people comments. In this way the world can live safely! However when I ask the family that I live with them they have another opinion about controlling people's comments in the internet by the government. They basically feel that it is one of their human rights to express their opinions about others via the internet. Thinking that the hate is unavoidable thing in life and you cannot dispose of it. In conclusion all these rational reasons of misusing of the internet lead me to agree with the concept that the government must control on the internet in all its aspects because of the negative consequences that I mention above such as publicizing the hate among people disclosing the personal information and eventually it waste people time. References n. D. Encyclopedia of Wikipedia. Retrieved form. ANON_URLSPAGE_Word counts 1022
