Internet Control Internet is one of the most controversial issues in recent days. Having played an important role in most aspects or human needs internet took its importance. It gives people a way to be in a virtual world which they can do everything they want to. However the booming and the freedom of internet is a concern for many people. Some people say it should be controlled and organized to make internet saver and more appropriate for all people regardless the aspect of age and ideas. Other consider controlling internet is restricting the freedom and make internet away of its purpose that it gives people all what they want. From my perspective I support the idea of organizing internet and control it in a way that makes internet useful and safe. Many people argue that the power of Internet that it is the place you have to feel free in your ideas your needs be founded. They say that counting on the open society leads to open Internet. Also having been open for all Internet took its power. In spite of fact it is really something that affects everything in our life. It controls business news media education and health. They say if governments control Internet that it will not just against the freedom that we believe in but it controls the knowledge related to all these important fields. Moreover if governments should oversee anything Internet will stop its improvements by restricting publishing online. Narrowing the Internet means to them excluding creativity easy accessibility validity and reliability. First Creativity wouldn't be supported if governments control Internet. They explain that by examples of countries control Internet have much less in new things on that are available for their citizens. Therefore they are backward or there will be a technological and educational gap. So creativity in Internet would be restricted and slow down by governmental control in fields that aren't considered as good stuff for them. Second easy access to Internet is the key reason of making people love Internet. If all accesses are filtered by a supervisor it would make internet slower and anxious for users. Therefore they will not feel free in their ideas they write stuff they publish and services they provide. Moreover Having overseen by government Internet lost validity which is the most unique feature in Internet in countries which authorized the control. And for that reason many people say that we are against control the Internet because it will make validity channeled by governments' directs. So validity in addition to reliability will lose their functions in Internet which are two of the most important components since they give it the freedom in publishing opponents' thoughts about a country or news about things governments don't want people to know about. Even though Internet will lose some points as many people who disagree with Internet control say It will support it in many ways that enrich it to be more sophisticated and qualified. First Internet will not be the place to publish things that aim to destroy stability and unity in a country. For example Iranian opponent party against the governor's party which is conservative which decided to oversee Internet and restricted the opponent party from publishing videos and news during the rebellion move. They tried to misguide the UN and the world interest to the violence in Iran. However the example of Iranian case is bad for controlling the internet but we can imagine the situation in a positive method by looking at countries which are already satiable and their enemies try hard to enhance the rebellious moves where these things are not leading to better situations and peace. Countries like Egypt are good examples for this situation where Internet can be harmful for society and the unity if it will be free for opponents parties which goal to take positions regardless any priority for citizens' needs and rights. Nevertheless I don't mean that Internet had better to be guided or to be controlled. I support Clean Internet which means it will be free in responsibility and moderation. Internet is considered as a channel to everything so it can be bad and it can be good. It is as the same as the situation of gun a gun can be a way of defense and justice while it can be a method of killing and unfairness. Moreover Internet is part of daily life for majority of people nowadays. It is not exclusive for mature people but it is open for kids. Here we have to establish Internet where they are safe to use. For education Internet plays an important role which is searching and looking for information. Therefore information source should be valid and reliable for people who don't have the ability to distinguish between reliable sources and not trusted ones. Many pieces of information should not be disclosed for all for many reasons. For example it may be inappropriate for their age or it could be against the human rights. Third Internet control will support the copyrights since internet is the hugest library in recent days. Internet now is the first library that people look for resources books articles and journals. All theses materials have copyrights and Internet is the best place for plagiarism because nicknames that used to publish unauthorized to do so. Even though many websites and governments try to fight this be regulate many rules and punishments but Internet control will put a hand on all these things easily. The concept of privacy versus the ever valid and old human rights the universal freedom of publication and the total freedom of expression on the Internet versus the traditional means employed by the publishers would only be an example. FUNDESCO seminar November 10 11 1997 ANON URLPAGE. It also relates to reduce the amount of hacking and Internet crimes. We all read about electronic thieves who steal a lot of money by hacking bank users and transfer money from bank clients to their accounts. Financial institutes work alone in fighting these cases while it should be easier for them if Internet is controlled by governments which can make double filters to Internet users. Moreover TV channels are hacking by publish their exclusive programs by websites which want to attract more people for their own goals like advertisements and numbers of subscribed users. For example World Cup 2010 before less than two weeks was hacked by more than 5 websites to tube soccer matches online without taking permission from original TV channels. On the other hand ESPN channel provided broadcasting live matches by its website for some games in a very high quality picture here is the good example of responsibility in Internet . Something is worth to mention is the UK police' precession to make Facebook safe for kids from those who solicit them by launching an icon to report this attempt to the Scotland Yard and follow them to arrest and sue them. This phenomenon is obviously clear to publicity that includes using Internet for children solicitation. Control Internet by governments is something clear that it would reduce these cases which we can find our children suffer from because the irresponsible freedom of Internet. Finally Internet control is something controversial and I agree that both sides have some logic ideas. In such situation we have to compromise between advantages and disadvantages for either way. As I mentioned above it is clear that controlling Internet is better because of the new environment will be presented by making the virtual world has regulations to guarantee good usages of Internet by keeping countries' good and unity reliable educational sources saver place for children safe shopping and financial needs and copyrights and fighting plagiarism. All these aspects of control Internet by governments will defeat the disadvantages of governmental control on Internet like direct thoughts supervise news restrict publicity and overseen feelings. Internet nowadays is like boundaries of countries that they should be precisely supervised from enemies but we still need to discuss what should be controlled and what regulations that will be good for people in addition to who decides these regulations.
