In 1969 people began use internet and 72 of Americans use the internet in 2005 and now we can say the internet is very important in life because people use internet for entertainment education news shopping banking and telecommunications and almost business are supporting their business on the internet. For example Sony Company shows products on Sony's web site that people can compare or find spec about product that they want to know. People can buy movies on the internet and download movies to their computers. Students use internet to find some research or use it for send their homework. We can watch news or sport on the internet and can read e book or e magazines on the website. Some people go to ANON_URLSPAGE_ANON_URLSPAGE_shopping. We use MSN Skype Yahoo mail Hotmail Face book Twisty for community. However the internet not only have good thing but it has some web sites that were made by some people who want to crack your VISA Card or Credit Card when you shopping on line. Some porn web sites that are not good for children so the government think that the government should be control the internet because the government can check the horrible web sites and close them and make security network for the people but we don't know what kind of information that the government wants to record and what is rule or regulation that the government use for close the web sites so all of which make intimidation to people and business. Monitoring is the way that the government wants to use it to control data and web sites because when people use internet the government can record data or history and save them at the government's sever so the government can see what is people type or post on the web sites and the government can check what is the web site that people go and then when the government takes a look at the web sites are horrible for children the web sites are dangerous of people who use VISA Card or Credit Card to buy goods or the web sites destroy the stability of government so the government can close them and when the government finds some viruses a set of instructions secretly put into a computer that can destroy information stored in the computer or some spam email messages that a computer user has not asked for and does not want to read the government can destroy them. However I think not all of which are good for people since the government record data or history we don't know what kind of information of internet usage need to record. It is not fare for the people who use internet because the government can record VISA card or credit card number the people use it for buy goods on the internet or the government can record the text voice or e mail that people take with another people on the internet. I think all of which are private data and we don't know what the regulation is the government use it for close the web site for example News web site has the article or video clip that can make the government to has bad situation and it is the real news so the government can go to the web site and delete the article and video clip or the government can close the web site. The government can make themselves to a government spy because the government can create spam or viruses and sent them to computers and use them check data or documents in people's computers. It is not only control the internet. The government control of the network infrastructure because the internet use gateway a way of connecting two different computer networks that helps them to work together and proxy for link together so when the government control the internet the government will be control the gateway and proxy on the same time. The gateway and proxy help the government control and check data that pass the gateway then the government can protect the internet network from cyber crimes in country that want to destroy internet network or want to crack data from the network and can protect cyber crimes from other countries but when more people use internet on the same time the internet will be slow because people use the same proxy and cause to data overflow and it is very dangerous for use just one gateway and one proxy because when the hacker can the internet network system the hacker can steal data that flow on the internet network and east to destroy the internet network in the country because the all internet in the country use the same gateway and proxy. The government can control the market on the internet and can control the internet price. Because the government can check security on the web sites sell products and people must use VISA card or Credit card on them and can check tax that the people and owner web site should pay and then the government can check price or product spec for the people who want to buy products in the real price and the government can control the monthly price of internet service on the internet company in the same price and the same internet speed that can help the people can get the internet in the low price and get the good service. But all of which make the crazy business because now all most business companies use the internet network transfer data together so if the government can check or record data and then some person who works with the government steals the data and sells it to another business companies. It will be destroy that business company. If some business companies disagree with the government the government can use power close the business web site or block data that transfer between businesses. The internet company will go down because the internet companies cannot use new internet technology that make the people can use the faster internet because the internet companies must wait the government support the new internet technology before all internet companies will use the new internet technology. The government should be control internet. It does not make sense because the government want to create the security internet network or want to close porn web sites or horrible web sites but in fact it is very hard to do that and the people have more questions about private data and the government will be destroy the business on the internet so I think the government should give the best education for the people because if the people have more knowledge the people can decide what is good or bad. It is the real way that help the government can control the country goes to the good way.
