Euthanasia Euthanasia from the Greek meaning good death also called mercy killing means to give patients who can not be cured a painless and dignity way to died. According to the House of Lords Select Committee on Medical Ethics retrieved July 17 from ANON_URLSPAGE_the definition of euthanasia is a deliberate intervention undertaken with the express intention of ending a life to relieve intractable suffering. Euthanasia can be divided in two ways based on the will of patients. There are voluntary euthanasia and non voluntary euthanasia. Voluntary euthanasia is usually used on patients who suffer from great pain and have no chance to recover from their diseases for example terminally ill patients or cancer patients. Those kinds of patients often have very clear mind and their diseases make them feel extreme pain. Having no chance to recover these kinds of patients sometimes ask doctors to end their life so that they can relieve from this painful condition. The other situation is when the patient is awake he or she make a consent that show the intent of wanting to be given euthanasia when they have to. This agreement is made before they need it in case of they don't have the ability to make it when they need to. Voluntary euthanasia is now been legalized in some countries or states included Belgium Luxembourg the Netherlands Switzerland and the U. S. States of Oregon and Washington. Although some countries don't legalize euthanasia yet they do have made some laws that allow doctors to do euthanasia on patients in some particular circumstances for examples Canada Japan India Germany and New Zealand. Non voluntary euthanasia doesn't mean patients don't want to have euthanasia but doctors forced them to. It means that when patients are unconscious they need non voluntary euthanasia because they don't have clear enough mind to decide or express clearly about their feeling and thought about been given euthanasia. Some patients that are in coma for example vegetative state patients can't even express their thought. Those patients have no chance to recover but they didn't make any agreement about having euthanasia or not when they are awake so doctors and patient's families have to take care of them until they recover very little chance or natural dead. Although non voluntary euthanasia is illegal in all countries in the world Netherland is the pioneer country which conditional allow non voluntary euthanasia. Based on the method of euthanasia there are two ways of them passive way and active way. Passive way means to remove equipments that continue patient's life and make the patient die from natural death. Active way means to end patient's life actively the most common way is to inject patient with fatal but painless drugs. Euthanasia should be legalized or not has been a highly controversial issue for a long time. People oppose it for several reasons. First they think we never know what tomorrow will be. Patients who are though to be no chance to recover may recover with miracle someday. However take vegetative state patients for example lower than 6 of adult patients recover after being a vegetative state less than a year. That is a very low rate patients who are in a vegetative state more than one year is generally considered no chance to recover. But society spends lots of resources on those patients. The United States for example according to Garrow A. Weinhouse G. L. Sep. 15 1999. Anoxic brain injury Assessment and prognosis. Retrieved July 18 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_It is estimated that there are 10 000 to 25 000 adult patients in a persistent vegetative state in the United States generating an estimated annual cost of care of up to 7 billion dollars. So it is very sad to say that taking care of vegetative state patients has been transformed to a very heavy burden to the society. The other problem is vegetative state patients occupy too much hospital beds. Sometimes even affect other people's right of receiving appropriate medical care. Cancer patients suffer much greater pain cost more money and their recovery rates are much lower than vegetative state patients. In my opinion I believe that euthanasia is very rational way because it not only concern about the dignity of patient but also is a very humane way to help a critically ill patient to choose a better way to end his or her life. The second reason that some people oppose against euthanasia is that they think doctors shouldn't manipulate patients' life even they are in great pain. But I think it is more painful than die if one live in an eternal pain. According to a famous German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer 1788 1860 's saying as soon as the terrors of life reach the point at which they outweigh the terrors of death a man will put an end to his life. Terminally ill patients are suffering from tremendous pain and doctors keep them to live and experience this pain is crueler than give them euthanasia. Moreover as I mention before euthanasia must be done with the agreement from the patients. Normal people can chose to suicide just if they want. But patients don't have the ability to do that and they have the more reasonable grounds to end their life than the normal people who chose to suicide. So doctors have the right to help the patients to chose the way they want not to add their pain just because they don't have the ability to choose they want to endure the pain or not by themselves. The third reason that opponents don't agree with euthanasia is they think to give a patient euthanasia is same as to kill a patient. Doctors' jobs are to cure patients not to kill them. But if they understand what euthanasia truly is they won't think it is killing. Euthanasia has the agreement from both patients and patients' family. Passive euthanasia just means stop helping because they want to end the pain of patients. The purpose of euthanasia is to make patients feel better and make them die with dignity. It is totally different from killing. Everyone has the right to die in the way they want. They can choose whether they want to endure the pain or not especially the pain is unbearable for the most of human. The last reason of opponents' point is about religion. They think it is god who only has the right to decide a man should live or not. This reason can say to be the basic one of all the views that against euthanasia. But I don't think religion dose make any sense in this issue. If the god wants the patient to live that patient can live without any help from others. Passive way of euthanasia moves away all the artificial equipments and make a patient be what he or she naturally should. They don't need oxygen cylinders to breath they don't need Cardiac devices to make their hearts beat they don't get help from others to live and live in a very painful way. So euthanasia shouldn't be thought as a manner to obey god. To summarize all my points above euthanasia should be legalized for five reasons from different aspects. From the humane side euthanasia gives a patient what he or she really wants not others think he or she might want. We can never understand the feeling from others but we know that some patients really do suffer from incredible mental agony that we can't even imagine. Respecting patients' needs is a very important thing and we shouldn't deprive their right to choose want to die or continue to suffer from great pain. If we really care about the patient's feeling the fairest way is to let them decide by themselves. Euthanasia should be legalized in order to give patients more choices not only suffering until they died. As the side of law euthanasia is not killing because it did get the agreement from patients and their families. The purpose of giving euthanasia is to help not to make patients feel more pain which is totally different from killing. As the society sources and economics side there are limit medical equipments and medical sources. Taking of patients who never recover is truly a waste of society sources and even affect other's medical care. Vegetative state patients for more than one year and terminally ill patients' recovery rate is almost zero. According to this situation euthanasia should be considered as one of they personal choice not endless care. As the side of religion helping patients to continue and experience great pain couldn't be kindness. Patients suffer from great pain and don't have the ability to kill themselves. Giving patient euthanasia by just move away equipments that keep patient alive doesn't obey natural rule. We shouldn't consider euthanasia as a cruel and cold blood way to end a patient's life. Instead euthanasia considers many sides of the patient's situation and sometimes it is truly the best way of some kind of patients. Lot of countries in the world have patients who want to have or really need euthanasia but they can't because of the law in their countries. So euthanasia's legalization is necessary for all the countries in the world. I believe that making euthanasia be one of the choices for some patients is reasonable and considerable References According to the House of Lords Select Committee on Medical Ethics retrieved July 17 from ANON_URLSPAGE_the definition of euthanasia is a deliberate intervention undertaken with the express intention of ending a life to relieve intractable suffering. According to Garrow A. Weinhouse G. L. Sep. 15 1999. Anoxic brain injury Assessment and prognosis. Retrieved July 18 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_It is estimated that there are 10 000 to 25 000 adult patients in a persistent vegetative state in the United States generating an estimated annual cost of care of up to 7 billion dollars. According to a famous German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer 1788 1860 's saying as soon as the terrors of life reach the point at which they outweigh the terrors of death a man will put an end to his life.
