Euthanasia is a controversial subject in every society is ending one's life if one has a terminal disease is an incurable condition and is done by a lethal injection. The word euthanasia means good death refers to the practice of ending a life in a manner which relieves pain and suffering. Wikipedia July 14 2010 or the intentional killing by act or omission of a dependent human being for his or her alleged benefit. Euthanasia July 14 2010 . Many people think that euthanasia is the best way for the patient and the family. The reasons are they own their life and the debt that family has to take responsibilities. However from my perspective life is much more than. In the aspect of religion medical and legal euthanasia is a killing and wrongful death. For my family and I we lost my only sibling last September. I had time to take care of him just only one month before he dies. It is a tough time for us and we never know when we can accept that he is not with us anymore. However euthanasia never was in our mind that what I can recall from my memory nobody mentioned about it. The day that he died in the morning a nurse told me that there was a sing that show his natural time is coming. In the afternoon he died. But he still had a ventilator in his mouth and the nurse did not turn it off. Therefore it looks like he is still alive because the ventilator still pump the oxygen into his lung and his chest was moving. When my aunt saw that she said he is still alive but I have to tell her that he is not. His heart does not beat anymore. For me even he is unconscious but it is better than I do not have him with me anymore. The history of euthanasia can be tracked back as far as Greek and Roman when the historian descried how the Emperor Augustus dying quickly and without suffering in the arm of his wife Livia experienced the euthanasia he had wished for. Wikipedia July 14 2010 . It was sometime allowed in these civilization to help others die. Voluntary euthanasia was approved in these ancient societies. In 1939 Germany during the chaos of the war Hilter ordered the Nazi euthanasia program of the sick and disable which is called Aktion T 4 to eliminate Life unworthy of life at first focused on newborns and very young children. Then this program expanded to include older disabled and adults. Euthanasia July 14 2010 In 1995 Australia's Northern Territory approved a euthanasia bill. However it was overturned in 1997 by Australian Parliament. Euthanasia July 14 2010 In 1998 U. S. State of Oregon legalizes assisted suicide. Euthanasia July 14 2010 In 1999 Dr. Jack Kevorkian sentenced to a 10 25 years prison term for giving a lethal injection to THomasYouk whose death was shown on the 60 Minutes television program. Euthanasia July 14 2010 In 2000 Netherlands legalizes euthanasia. Euthanasia July 14 2010 In 2002 Belgium legalizes euthanasia. Euthanasia July 14 2010 In 2008 U. S. State of Washington legalizes assisted suicide. Euthanasia July 14 2010 Passive euthanasia is where a doctor or another person does nothing to prevent death. As for active euthanasia is when a doctor or another person takes direct action to cause death requested by patient or decider by a relatives or medical person in case where the patient can no longer give consent. Another types of euthanasia are voluntary non voluntary and involuntary. First voluntary euthanasia is the fact that the patient gave a consent or advance directive therefore the doctor put an end to the patient's life. Second non voluntary is where the consent of the patient is unavailable the doctor has to decides for this situation. Thirdly involuntary euthanasia conducted against the will of the patient. Wikipedia July 14 2010 First who is the giver and the taker of life People who support euthanasia said they own their life so they have a right of self determination. And when they are suffering. It is better to choose euthanasia and family should respect their decision. Self determination is the right that everyone has to determine their own economic cultural development and social. IWGIA July 18 2010 And when the patient is unconscious family or doctor has a right to make a decision whether they should let the patient goes or not. Secondly the debt that family has to take responsibilities because incurable ill need a long term treatment and expensive medicine. But they are wasting time and money for making a longer and painful life. Therefore when the patient has decided and there is no option euthanasia is the last chance to cease the sufferance. These are the reasons that partisans of decriminalization of euthanasia gave to the societies. However I can't agree with this ideas. As I am a Christian we believe that life is given by God therefore only God should take it away as same as Muslim and Jewish do. Also it is stated in the ten commandments Do not commit murder . An individual who commit suicide is committing sin. From the bible Genesis 1 27 said So God created man in his own image in the image of God he created him male and female he created them. How can we presume we have enough knowledge on the value of life and decide to end it for someone Suffering and pain are intrinsically a part of life. There are important transformations that occur within us and others when we face pain and deal with it. Ending a life because of suffering means one only sees the purpose of life is be comfortable and pleasurable. There is much more to it. And God does not send us any experience that we can't handle. In generally Thai people are Buddhist the main point is that the importance of meeting death mindfully because the last moment of one's life can have an influence in determining the quality of the next life. For Buddhist killing is prohibitive because it is a sin even though that life is one's own. There is another question if the patient is in irreversible coma and unconscious who will make a decision Family How do you know that family does not have covert intention They might want to choose euthanasia so they will get inheritances. Or in the case that the doctor chooses euthanasia for the patient how do you know that the doctor does not want the patient's organs for trafficking in human organs because there are many people who are waiting for organ transplantation to expand their life. By making euthanasia available some patient will be pressured to choose euthanasia by their family. It might be happen in a subtle form and the patient feels that it is a duty to die. Therefore they will not be family's burden. One study showed that people seeking euthanasia 75 said they fear of being a burden while only 35 gave an experiencing severe pain as a reason. Secondly in the aspect of medical ethic about 400 B. C. Hippocrates a father of medicine swore I will give no deadly medicine to any one if asked nor suggest any such counsel . The Hippocratic oath is an oath historically taken by doctors swearing to practice medicine ethically Wikipedia July 14 2010 . If the doctor can decide who lives and who dies the doctor is no more a moral professional but become loose in their moral and lose trust as a healer. For example in 1999 Dr. Jack Kevorkian sentenced to a 10 25 years prison term for giving a lethal injection to Thomas Youk whose death was shown on the 60 Minutes television program. Euthanasia July 14 2010 and over 52 patients were killed in his presence. How would happen if they could have found the help that they need Finally euthanasia is legally wrong. Thai criminal law does not concern about euthanasia at all. Therefore the punishment for someone who commit euthanasia will be mete out under preexist offenses. Active euthanasia is carried out with the intention to kill the punishment is aggravated in case of euthanasia committed by premeditation. As for passive euthanasia it is qualified as an offence of abandonment. For Thai civil law according to Section 420 of the Civil and Commercial Code if the doctor committed euthanasia whether active or passive without consent of the patient the doctor will be charged with a tort and is required to pay the reparation. In conclusion euthanasia is wrong and unacceptable because it contraries to religious medical and legally aspects. Bibliography Euthanasia Retrieved July 14 2010 from ANON URLPAGE Euthanasia Retrieved July 14 2010 from ANON URLSITE What is self determination Retrieved July 18 2010 from ANON URLPAGE
