Looking at elder people's life in different countries you can see the difference in how they spend their time. They may be happy or sad rich or poor or secured or suffered. Here are two photographs of two elder people. One is called Palestinian Elder and the other is called French Elder . In both photographs the two elders are doing something but the moods of the two are completely different In the Palestinian Elder you see an elder man holding a heavy sack on his shoulder in a store. The store is dark and the only light is shining is on these sacks which are arranged on the back to be carried to another place. Only the upper part of man's body appears in this photo. He wears an old piece of cloth. The photographer's point of view emphasizes the man's face giving a serious mood to the photo. The man is walking and his eyes focus on the place he wants to reach. He works alone and he seems to be exhausted. In fact you can see this view in those countries which suffer from wars and where people of different ages and genders work to live. The elder man in the French Elder sits on a beach. Only the upper part of his body appears in this photo. The photo does not show his face for that we cannot decide whether he is an elder or not but from his white hair and the external shape of his body we can say that he is an elder person. The sea's view is the biggest part that appears in the photo. This photo show some light on water in front of the man and some dark behind him. From his way of sitting we say that he enjoys watching the sea and hear the sound of waves. This photo gives carefree and secure moods. He spends his time by relaxing on the beach with no responsibilities. He is a well dress man which gives an impression of wealth. In Palestinian Elder the light is shining only on these heavy sacks. This suggests that there are a lot of things that this man should do on the other hand the French has nothing to do except relax and enjoining his time. We can see the tire on the Palestinian man's face in contrast the face of the French is not showed in the photo. In both photos we can emphasize in which way both of men spend their time. Two elder men are presented in these photos. In one we can observe the hard work this elder he does and the tough life he lives. One is exhausted and the other is relaxed. One is restricted and the other is free. The two photographs show a period of tough time versus a period of relaxing time.
