Are you a dog person Dog is a old friend of human being and many household in the world keep pet dog. This is why there are many dog movies. Marley and Me is a 2008 American dramedy film directed by David Frankel. Hachiko Story is a 1987 Japanese film directed by Sindo Kaneto. Hachiko Story was remade in Hollywood in 2009 as 'Hachiko A Dog's Story' by Lars Hallstrom. In both films we can find unconditional love between human and dog but the moods of the two films are considerably different. In Marley and Me John and ANON_NAME_0 move to Florida after marriage where there hired as reporters. And they decide to keep a dog to see if they are ready to have a family. Marley is the dog which they decide to raise. But Marly is a palyful trouble maker. Marley refuses to obey commands and always makes small and big accidents. This is why mood of this movie is active and light. They try to train Marley but it was not working. Even though they had these problems and there were many chance of separation they decided to keep their dog. With age they have child and Marly get old. Finally Marley died with their family. Marley even though Marley is a palyful troublemaker this family love Marley and they keep their love until Marly died. In Hachiko Story Hachiko received abundant love from his owner professor Ueno after he died Hachiko keeps his love. He always waiting for him at the station for ten years. And he died at station still waiting for him. This makes mood of this movie as gentle and noble. In both films we can feel unchangeable love between human being and dog. In Marley and Me as playful Marley causes many accidents the mood is active and light. But in Hachiko story as faithful Hachiko keep his love even after his owner died the mood is gentle and noble. In Hachiko Story after owner died be loved dog keeps his faithful love for the rest of his life. I was deeply impressed with these two story. Nowadays many people treat their relationship very lightly but in these stories I can find the worthy value it is unconditional love. In both films one is active and the other is gentle. One is light and the other is noble. Even though moods in both movies are different they shows unconditional love between haman and dog. Sometime people says Nothing can last forever but in both films show unconditional love can last forever.
