Movies are often having various messages to viewers. Sometimes its message shows an intense impact and appeals to us and sometimes it implies or gives us just an atmosphere or an idea which hard to perceive exactly but certainly exist. These are two of my favorite movies that gave me lasting impressions after I watched. One is What's Eating Gilbert Grape directed by Lasse Hallstorm in 1993 acted by Johnny Depp and Leonardo Dicaprio. The other is The Dark Knight directed by Christopher Nolan in 2008 acted by Christin Bale and Heath Ledger who played a role of monstrous Joker and passed away after this movie. I think both of these movies express what are human beings like but the moods and messages of the two are completely distinct. In the What's eating Gilbert Grape the leading character Gilbert shoulders some family burdens such as taking care of younger brother who has a brain handicap instead of a bulimia mother and supporting a family budget because his father killed himself. Although he loves his family his situation is closed and binds him as his responsibility. However his mind becomes free a little by little through the encounter with a girl whose situation is contrary to him. It seems like that solid air begins to move and the fresh wind flows into. This movie is full of peaceful and hearty atmosphere and shows warm hearted family relationship. Thus it can cheer me up and ease my mind by surrounding these moods when I'm depressed. On the other hand the mood in The Dark Knight is totally different. The movie is covered with awful and cruel atmosphere throughout the movie by Joker's blood curdling performance. His purpose is not only revenge but also money. He seems like he just enjoys murder without purpose. And this act which we can't understand creates bottomless fear and enormous darkness. Of course because this is a story about Batman's hero story the side of justice defeats the evil in the end. But in actuality terror and viciousness are much emphasized than a defeat to viewers by showing that the person who is a symbolic of right falls down to the dark side. In the both of two movies the main character have unpleasant issues which relate to the present situation or character building. In the first movie Gilbert is stuck in the fetters that he must look after his family. And in the second movie Joker was physically abused as a child by his parents. In addition to this similarity characters who are in both movies are forced to make a choice between the two family or free life which doesn't suffer from them a moral principles or not. As a consequence Gilbert finds his own way and steps forward in the future along with his family in spite of his objective situation is same as it was. I can really feel the flexible power of human mind in this movie. On the contrary Joker tries to involve usual people in crimes and he makes it. The weakness of human mind and a chaotic world are expressed in this movie. These two movies depict what human dignity is. Even though people are in sufferings one shows us the tenacious and precious strength of a human beings and one shows us the vulnerability of human beings. And I think both of them are true and that's why these movies are so impressed for me.
