Photography Every picture can tell distinct story and express different messages. It can incorporate many different messages into pictures. Everything in photography can have clues to express the mood behind those photographs. There are two of photographs one is called playing in street sparkler another is called children playing baseball . In both photographs children are playing but the situations of two are completely different. In the photograph called playing in street sparkler there are many of children play water on the street. This photograph express the mood of children are free happy enjoy playful. In this photograph children are moving running smiling yelling they are relax and carefree. In the photograph called children playing baseball they are palying baseball under the clothes shelf. There are a group of children playing baseball with simplest tools some of children are watching the game. This photograph express mood of children are concentrate contemplative and seriously watching the game. This photograph catch the moment when pitcher ready to throw the ball he stands by one foot move the body. The mood of children maybe nervous and wondered they maybe think about how is it going the batter will play the ball make home run or not. The background of two pictures are different. The first photograph children are playing water in street. In my perspective they maybe do not have a lot of chance to play water. They maybe do not have pool at home so they are pretty enjoying have chance playing in the street. Even thought they just playing in street they can also have a lot of fun. The second photograph children are playing baseball under the clothes shelf they do not have a lot of entertainment because they do not go outside. They also have to take care their little sister or brother. Both of them do not have very good entertainment places and tools but they also tried to have fun. In conclusion those two picture have same topic is children playing. But fist one is happened spontaneous and temporary the second one maybe happened all the time. But both of them do not have very good entertainment places and tools but they also tried to have fun.
