In commercials every one is trying to meet the trust of consumers because when companies obtain that they can ensure great benefits for their businesses. Here are commercials one from Mercedes Benz and it was called I'm sorry. This commercial was released in July 07 2010 at TV and the Internet. The Other one is from Barclays bank it was released in July 06 2009 and named Fake. In both commercials the messages are similar but the mood in each commercial is different. In I'm sorry you see a Mercedes car in the meddle of road and the weather is hard to drive on. The trees looks without papers there is snow everywhere. Suddenly a man appears and say sorry to the driver in order to take his soul in accident. The driver in this time became full of fear and hopeless. As the driver sees the truck working in the meddle of the road he press the break as he can and the car stops before involves in accident with the truck. It's the time to the driver to say sorry to the strange man trustfully. The music In the commercial gives an impression of trust and relaxing while seeing the commercial even if the idea looks fearful. In Fake you see a man exiting from a building and walking in the street where is a lot of people and noise suddenly you notice that all those people are fake and all made from plastic they look almost real. The man discovers that everything is fake the buildings the cars the newspapers in the street they all are from plastic and carton the get lost with desperate feelings. Even when he tries to scream or yelled no one answers him. Through this lost he reach a building which seems real with walls from stone at this moment he sees a man goes out from the building asking him Can I help you all the desperate and emptiness that he felt before are flowed away. He reached the place where he can but his trust. In I'm sorry the light is dim and no one is there except two people you can feel the fear of death from the driver and how can e express the trust of his car. In fake commercial every thing is shining and everything is there but unfortunately every thing is fake. You can see the fear of loneliness and emptiness. In both of two commercials there is looking for trust and both have a fear but with different kinds of fear. Two commercial in one we express the fear of death suddenly and in the second one we express the fear of emptiness. In both we see how people reach different kinds of trust. These two commercials had a strong impact on me and touched my feelings.
