Photograghers say A picture can convey a message much better than thousands of words and I tottaly agree especially if the picture is related to children. You can see the honesty in their expressions. Here are two photograghs of children. One is called the challenge which taken by Waseem Beek in Syria 2007. This picture was nominated as the best Arabic picture in 2007. The second photogragh was captured by David Peter who works for CNBC news in Los Angeles. In both photograghs they depict how children deal with their education although there are a huge differences between environment of the photograghs In The Challenge photogragh there are seven years old girl was forced by tough circumstances to set down under the sun to work as a vendor. She might wear clothes that her mother was wearing when she was a child. Although life has built big walls in front of this poor girl this girl never give up. She decided to encounter this powerful enemy by the hard work and her perseverance. Even though she is so busy in work trying barely to cover her simple living expeneses She is eager to learn. She believe in herself and she knows the knowledge is the a powerful weapon can lighten up her and family future. In Second picture you can see rows of children in high class school. They seem bored and lazy even everything that they need is available. They look clean and dressed very well and their dress might cost more than income of the first girl in frist picture in entire month. The keys that children carry represent a key that can open success door but they don't know their keys are not nessesery fit in the success door. The first picture seems serious and there are many responsbilites on the girl's shoulders whereas the children in the second picture are carefree and the absence of their goals make them seem bored and unwilling to learn and they believe why they need to work and their future are compeletly secured. In the first picture the girl has eagerly desire to learn even there are tramedous obstacles in front of her. On other hand the children in the class even any help that you can imagine is avalible for them but they seem careless and they don't appreicate their wealth In conclusion the messages that are delivered are so clear. In the first one you can overcome your difficult situation by hard work and pursuit of your dreams. On other hand providing all factor of success in this life doesn't guarantee that you will be successful you have to use this supportive factor to achieve your goals.
