Some people have said Those who do not know their opponent's arguments do not completely understand their own. Euthanasia refers to the practice of ending a life in a manner which relieves pain and suffering. Accoring to the House of Lords Select Committee on Medical Ethics the precise definition of euthanasia is a deliberate intervention undertaken with the express intention of ending a life to relieve intractable suffering. According to the Oxford American Dictionary of Current English euthanasia means the bringing about of a gentle and easy death in the case of incurable and painful disease. Even though many people think that those who are very sick and in pain and have no chance of recovery should be allowed to end their own lives. And that also doctors and nurses should be allowed to help these people die in a pain free dignified way I think this is wrong and should be not practiced anywhere under whatever circumstances. Some doctors and nurses argue that euthanasia should go on because it is part and parcel of their duty. In exercising their everyday duties to treat the sick and when the pain and suffering becomes unbearable they will go ahead with the consent of the patient to carry out euthanasia in line with their professional role. This is mostly practiced in the Netherlands among other countries where euthanasia is legal where Dutch doctors and nurses have shown willingness to assist in the deaths of patients who are not terminally ill but simply wish to end their lives just as a way of carrying on their daily rountine duties. In Holland if one did not do it then such a doctor or nurse would be going against their role in the profession. Such a doctor or a nurse should be a none performer and could risk loosing ta job. In support of this in April 2001 the parliament in the Netherlands passed legislation making euthanasia completely legal granting doctors the right to end the lives of any patients who are in excessive pain or who simply decide that life is nolonger worth living. So many people around the World think and reason that it is their obligation because of their profession. Such a legal obligation in Netherlands is contrary to those of other countries and should not go on unchecked. In fact be you a doctor or a nurse or anybody in the medical profession and practice I think it is not proper to practice euthnasia as it contravenes the hippocratic oath an oath taken by doctors affirming their obligations and proper conduct in the exercise of their duty to whichever nation and under all circumstances. Generally doctors and nurses should have as their duty to save life not to kill patients. The practice of euthanasia is indeed unacceptable in many other countries including and not limited to the United States of America. To discourage doctors and nurses from this act and show how it is illegal the right to die activist Jack Kervorkian is serving a lenthy prison term for assisting in the deaths of mostly terminally ill patients. To me it should not be carried out under whichever circumstances be it an an obligation by one's profession a doctor or a nurse should refrain from it. Similarly other people argue that they should be free to carry on euthanasia because it is a way of exercising their right of freedom of choice. That the doctors and nurses should be free to execute one's decision not to carry on with life from free will. Under the United nations human rights charter one has got a right to choose what he or she would like to do or not to do. So if one has decided on choosing do die then doctors and nurses should be allowed to carry on to exercise euthanasia because any one individual has asked for it. I think that even if one has the right to choose whether to live or not to live euthanasia should not be carried out by doctors and nurses becaus it directly goes against the norms of society which any individual is a member. Society is much bigger and more important than a mere individual and so societal norms and values should prevail other than those of an individual. This is in line with the view point of Margret Somerville a Gale Professor of Law and Professor in the Faculty of medicine in the McGill University Centre for Medicine Ethics and Law in Montreal Canada Who argues that individuals should not be allowed to choose euthanasia because it would be harmful to both society and the medical profession. Nakaya 2005 In the same connection other people think that euthunasia is a way of avoiding pain and suffering. They argue that when one is sick there is a time when pain becomes too much and the patient suffers a lot to the extent that one should just be allowed to accept the action of doctors like those in the Netherlands to execute euthanasia. That way the pain will be reduced and suffering will be no more and the patient will have to rest and rest be it by dying through the action of the doctors and nurses. Even if this is so I think it is wrong because it goes against the christian doctrines beliefs and practices of not killing any human being at any one time. Besides that pain and suffering can never be completely eradicated from human life. Being a Christian I believe that pain and suffering is part and parcel of christian life. That I should live in pain and suffer while on earth just as Jesus Christ suffered and so a mere reduction of pain and suffering just for the time one is sick is not a reason strong enough to call for the end of one's whole life through the act of any one person. I think the right to bring an end to life should be left in the hands of the almighty God who I believe if the creator of the universe and has the right to bring about and end life. Furthermore some advocates of euthanasia think that doctors and nurses should be allowed to do their duty because it is a way of exercising the will of others. Some organised people may write in their will that in case of a critical condition like in face of an accident where recovery is out of the question then doctors and nurses should be allowed to carry out euthanasia. That doctors and nurses should be allowed to switch off the life supporting machines in implementation of his or her will. So many doctors and nurses in countries that accept and legalise euthanasia have had to do it because they are not only legally obliged but also the sick person in his her will wanted it to be so. But I think this should not be an issue strong enough to warrnat euthanasia because a will is supreme but could be left to the decisions of court and not doctors and nurses and other lay relatives. Many times some people in their will may believe in the intrinsic value of life and so their part of reasoning in their will could also be upheld since it is about life which I believe is God given and should not be tampered with at whatever cost be it the implementation of a will. This is illustrated in 1990 in Minnessota where an 86 year old woman named Helga Wanglie believed in the intrinsic value of life and could not be simply exposed to euthanasia but doctors and nurses. Above all I think it would reduce the weight of killing and so it should be outlawed the world over. This is supported by Marthew Paris legalising assisted suicide would make killing too easy. In conclusion whatever political social and religeous arguments many might have for euthanasia like exercise of duty exercise of the right of choice avoiding pain and suffering and implementation of one's will among other arguments I think euthanasic should not be permitted for whatever reason and at no any one time. References Haley J. Ed. 2003 . Death and Dying. Greenhaven Press Nakaya C. A. Ed. . 2005 . Terminal Illness. Greenhaven Press Snyder L. C. Ed. . 2006 . Euthanasia. Greenhaven Press The Oxford American Dictionary of Current English. 1999. New York. Oxford University Press.
