The Bad Side of the World We hold these truths to be self evident that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights that among these are life liberty and the pursuit of happiness. This quotation indicates that all men are equal when they are created and they have inalienable rights. At first I agreed with this sentence but after deep thinking I have changed my mind. This point of view is right but it is not concordant with the reality. From my perspective though all men might be born equal as they grow up they change differently. In many cases some men are still living in world that is full of unfairness oppression and suffering. First as far as I know many people live in an unfair situation. Nowadays as the economy develops the overbalancing in global distribution of property is becoming increasingly severe. Some people become rich while others are afflicted by the worse poverty. For example in capitalism the ultimate goal of a capitalist is battening on most surplus value created by workers. In my opinion that means that employers do not care about employees' welfare and benefits. Employees must work more. Nevertheless they only get poor salaries. In a company the salary of a CEO is 100 times as that of an employee. I think it is really unfair but employees cannot change it. The reason is that they are poor and they need money to support their lives and families. In this unfair case the men who are rich and strong become more and more affluent meanwhile the people who are poor becoming more and more barren. Second from what I know oppression embodies the domination between strong one and weaker one. In some countries the government dominates the populace. In these countries people must be submissive to all the arrangements of their government although they are harmful for people. Corruptions abound in the countries and the functionaries of government have briberies. Even though the governments seek their benefits by harming their populace the people cannot say anything. Actually people do not have any right to parade and demonstration. Sensitive subjects are banned. To my point of view that means people do not have any ability to resist their government. They only live in silence and without human rights. Finally as I know war demands us enormous sacrifices of life and property and deprive our happiness. There were two most disastrous wars that broke out in history World War I and World War II. During these periods many people lost their homes their families and their lives. According to the information I have the worst thing is that nuclear which is the most lethality as a weapon in the world has been used. In 1945 Hiroshima was bombed. 24 000 People died in this nuclear explosion and survivor lived in fear and desperation. It also took Japan 20 years to recover. People who live there still suffer for the harm of nuclear currently. That was the only nuclear explosion in the world but its damages can be measured. After World War II people have been rebuilding their homelands. However wars still exist locally. For instance there are the Middle East War the Iran Iraq War the Gulf War and the United States Afghanistan War etc. From what I have told war has caused the greatest suffering and losses to local people and posed a serious threat to world peace. According to the quotation all men are created equal but due to many reason it has been changed. The relationships between men have been becoming unfair. Some men are living in oppressive counties and suffering the damage of wars. These bad things are all attributed to human's deep rooted selfish behaviors. It is difficult to change a lot except a revolution. However the only one thing that we should do is trying our bests to modify these kinds of situation.
