Reaction Essay The most difficult thing is to talk about how you feel and what you think. Writing sometimes is complicated. Writing has always confused me. Henri Nouwen in Seeds of Hope A Henri Nouwen Reader describes the writing process from his viewpoints. He mentions that writing is often the source of great pain and anxiety and I agree with him. I agree with the author about the following points I must have a great idea that is better than other people's I have to express myself clearly and I have to learn how to write. The author says if I have something to say that has already been said by someone else. I'm afraid that I have the same opinion as other people and I can't express better than someone else. For example students always talk about the fact that education must change. However most students can't provide a great idea to support their opinions. Sometimes I will worry about it too. I just can't give a great idea to support my opinions and that will make me sad. I am afraid that my opinions are not better than others'. No one like their articles is similar to someone else including me. Nouwen writes Sometimes it seems that every sentence fails to express what I really want to say and that written words simply cannot hold what goes on in my mind and heart. I have difficulties to express my own ideas with the result that writing has lost its meaning. When I write I fear that I cannot express myself precisely. Although the writing maybe is not good enough we have to keep writing without too much uncertainty. The author mentions that writing requires a real act of trust. We have to say to ourselves I do not yet know what I carry in my heart but I trust that it will emerge as I write. I understand that I don't have to worry too much about my writing how it goes. The one thing that I have to do is to try my best to express my ideas no matter the result is good enough or not. The author mentions that writing is often the source of great pain and anxiety and I agree with him. I'm worried about making mistake in my English. I cannot write very fluent. I'm afraid to use the wrong words or wrong grammar in my writing because English is my second language. Even in my native language I'm confused too. If you hesitate when you are writing I don't think this writing will attract anyone. Sometimes thinking too much will become an obstacle to overcome. Therefore writing is the true way to express your opinion. Don't give up the chance to express yourself directly without any spectacular words. That is the true meaning of writing. Having a great idea using the correct words and expressing myself precisely always reduce my interest in writing. Writing within a short time and creatively is really difficult especially for a foreign student like me. Sometimes I really fear that I cannot create amazing ideas in my writing and can't express my thought clearly. I strongly agree with the author's viewpoints sometimes writing has to directly write the opinions by your own. Truly writing is the best way to express yourself.
