This world has a lot of different jobs. There have some job that I think I'll be good at and I'm interesting in such as public relations teacher and party planner. Why I think these jobs I'll be good at because I have some personalities to fit in these jobs. Three job I want to do are public relations teacher and party planner. First job I want talk about is public relations. I 'm a good speaker because I'm good at speak. For example I just need sometime to prepare my speech than I can start to speak. The important thing is that when I was in university I majored in Business Management so I always need to make a presentation in the public place. I don't afraid to speak in the public area. Also my personalities make me fit in this job. I'm sociable out going and easy going person. For example I like talk to the people and make new friends all the time. All in all include these reasons I think I'll be good at public relations. Second job I want talk about is teacher. I like children very much. I want share my knowledge and experiences to them. For example I learn a lot of different things in different ways or palaces so I can share and teach everything I already know. My personalities also can make me fit in this job. I am thoughtful knowledgeable person. For example I am concerned and care about my students. In the short include these reasons I think I can be a good teacher. Third job I want talk about is party planner. I have a lot of different and fun ideas in my mind. For example I always plan my friend's birthday I make it funny and happiness. My personalities can make me fit in this job too. I am organization negotiate and creative person. For example I have a lot of different ideas in my head and I can think new ideas as soon as possible. I also can organize everything in short time and I can control everything. In the short include these reason I can be a good party planner. There are so many jobs in the world. I am interest in three jobs because I have some personalities to fit in. They are public relations teacher and party planner. I can be good at these jobs. I will chose one of them to be my job when I finish my education.
