Name Jinny Date 09 25 2010 Writing class 5S Cause and effect essay Topic longer life spans. Let's think about how long ancestors lived in the past. They just had lived for 30 or 40 years. However thanks to the advanced technology people now live to 70 or 80 years or more even. This is largely because there was an improvement in medical science and nutritious food. Longer life expectancy has had influence on both individuals and society. People have begun to more care about themselves for the future and society also has expanded social security program for seniors. As the contemporary medicine and medical technology have developed the average life expectancy also has increased. Advanced medical science has cured a lot of illness which was a serious illness once in the past and it would be closely related to one's life spans. In addition it became a possibility for people to enjoy healthier and balanced food due to the development of economy. In doing so people can gain stronger immunity system making people stay in shape in the long term. Many factors I mentioned above are changing all over the world. People make plans for their long life and need money to support their future and rainy days. Furthermore governments have had a responsibility for taking care of the elderly and guaranteeing their retirement life. In other words longer life results in the enormous change on individuals and society in these days. First of all people feel overwhelmed by pressures and responsibility for longer lives. The reason is that they must take some actions in order to support their expanding and unpredictable future such as opening installment saving account keeping work out and buying health insurances. According to the recent news article the more life spans increase the more insurance are produced because most people want to guarantee more stable lives. This article clearly indicates that expanding life expectancy makes people anxious about their future and this grows stronger than in the past. In this sense the uncertainty about increased future lives causes considerable individual demands. On the top of that society also has made a constant effort to their communities. Governments created and expanded social security system to give aid to seniors. This is due to the fact that there is too much part of one's life to handle it individually. So instead of individuals society has started to deal with social problems. For example most governments in developed countries implement national pension system in order to support retired people. After life expectancy went longer it became crucial for many people to prepare for their retirement disability and death. This finally found in expression in forms of the seniors' protection of government such as pension program and creating job opportunity for the older. Therefore life spans have had effect on our societies by making many new fields related to the elderly. To conclude even though people can enjoy longer lives compare to their ancestors people seem more worried about their lives due to the inherent instability of longer lives. Many people are under pressure for the better future and society burdened one's long life with responsibility. Therefore both individuals and societies have been definitely influenced in many ways by increased life expectancy.
