Cause of Attention related problems Many children and adults today have a mental problem known as Attention Deficit Disorder. They have trouble focusing on what a person is saying or they can't study for a long time. Is this a Psychological disorder or is this a genetic defect In my view the causes of these attention related problems are composed of less sleep neurasthenia disorder and lack of anti jamming ability One of the greatest causes of ADD however is more subtle and less sleep for senior white collars. Because of intensive working stress these white collars are imposed to overwork from day to day. They don't have enough rest to recovery from fatigue. The wellness of individual is seriously influenced by irregular life rhythm. Furthermore their physical clocks are thoroughly disrupted. Sometimes people feel that they are more vigorous at midnight than on the morning. Therefore they couldn't concentrate on the work and always make mistakes especially at the very beginning of a day work . In the second place neurasthenia disorder is thought to be a crucial element in ADD. A version is said that people become less conscious and excite than usual when never cells are reduced from never fibers. As a result the ability of reflection and attention turns to decline below people's average level. In addition another version is considered that neurasthenia disorder is caused by sensitive thought. For example some people could think too much beyond the actual meaning when they are surrounded in a unfamiliar atmosphere. Consequently people gradually loose the focus of object and distract their attention to something else. If less sleep and neurasthenia disorder are regarded as physical and psychological causes of ADD what is the realistic cause of this problem Keeping a good attention to the study which could help the brain to perceive information efficiently wherever we are. Being short of anti jamming ability is the main realistic cause of ADD. Some experiments can show the cause . For instance one group of people are reading books in a classroom while the other group of people are reading books in crowds. Apparently the people who are sitting in a classroom can read faster. It is said that there are two elements of jamming. The first one is the environment and the second one is the inner world . If we can overcome these two blocks attention related problem is able to be conquered. For these reasons I think ADD will be a prevail research in the near future because there are numerously potential causes for this disease. Is ADD a psychological disease in the most countries How many people are suffering from the trouble Do you dare to try a new medicine when someone tell you it can cure the disease
