Causes for Longer Lifespan in the Developed World People today worry about many things in life such as homework social relationships paying off a loan etc. Whereas in ancient times the main worry for our ancestors was death. Statistically people today live up to an average of 70 to 80 years nearly twice the time our ancestors lived. There are several factors that contribute to this phenomenon. Medical improvement has increased the life spans for humans. A slash from a sword a few hundred years ago could be fatal yet today it could only mean a couple hours in the emergency room. Also consider Darwin's theory on survival of the fittest humans in the developed world do not apply to it anymore. Abundance in food resource improvement in technology and increase in safety in human civilization has resulted in human's exclusion from Darwin's theory. The combination of these factors allows humans to live longer. The most important and obvious reason that humans are living longer is the incredible improvement in the medical field. The lack of research on medicine such as antibiotics a couple hundred years ago would mean simple cold or open wounds were fatal. In the developed world today we have the immense medical knowledge to cure epidemics perform surgeries on the brain and even suppress cancer. Simple colds and wounds which are very common are no longer life threatening. Another major improvement in the medical field is the knowledge and emphasis on pre natal health. Statistics have shown a strong positive correlation between babies that are born healthy and their longevity. It is not hard to see why pre natal health is so crucial for life expectancy. As a fetus a baby's internal organs receive nutrients to form internal organs. Hundreds of years ago our ancestors who were not as informed as we are did not provide as much nutrients for their babies therefore the life expectancy for their babies were lower. Also our ancestors may not know actions such as smoking and drinking cause a direct threat to the baby's health. Life expectancy in developed societies today is higher than ever. Most people expect to live well into their 80's and it is not uncommon to live past their 90's. There are multiple cases in countries such as Japan where people lived over a century and are still healthy enough to walk and do their hobby. If human civilization today had not provided safety against predators and natural disasters living over a century would be impossible. Consequently Darwin's theory on survival of the fittest no longer applies to humans. Survival of the fittest mainly relies on nature or predators to eliminate the young old weak or unfit yet humans today no longer fear animal attacks or blizzards. The more developed the society is the more conscious the public will be. In a developed society people have been informed of the dangers and have been taught many safety guidelines since they were children. As the society develops more safety guidelines are made. For example people some 50 years ago did not know what a seatbelt was as a result car accidents could be fatal. Now every car is equipped with seatbelts and people are required to put them on. Another example governments in developed countries regulate the quality of their water. Compared to a couple hundred years ago where people or even towns and cities got fatally sick from drinking unclean water today people can drink their water knowing that it will not kill them. As countries develop the awareness for safety and health increases and improvement in technology contributes to it as well. The leaps in knowledge of every technological field have made it easier for people to live longer lives. Nanotechnology is one of the new and emphasized fields of technology in recent years. By being able to perform actions on any material in the nanometer scale scientists and researchers can improve in many fields. In the medical field nanotechnology enables scientists and doctors to perform medical procedures in such detail that they can isolate viruses and bacteria to heal patients more effectively. Other sophisticated medical procedures such as organ transplant have greatly contributed to human longevity. Another aspect of Darwin's survival of the fittest is food sources. In nature a population for any species fluctuates mainly due to the amount of food resources. Mortality rates increase when food resources decrease and individuals within the population must compete for food. In the developed society though food resource don't seem to be an everyday concern for most people. Commerce networks and transportation are so efficient nowadays such that even if there is a famine in a distant land there can be immediate provisions from other countries whereas a couple hundred years ago the famine would have killed a majority of the population. Improvements in all sorts contribute to the increased life expectancy of humans. Medicine and technology will only improve in the future and it is most certain human life expectancy will continue to rise. It is intriguing to be able to think that in a couple more hundred years people will think that living up to 80 years old is normal and nothing surprising.
