Why are people living longer Do you know how some people live longer A few hundred years ago the average of human ages were between 30 to 40 but today they live longer than before especially in the developed world. However living longer does not happen to everyone live in this great world inasmuch as many people have different style in their lives. There are many causes that lead to longevity such as having a good healthy food doing exercises using the latest technology and looking on the bright side of life. How can a person live longer by having a healthy food In the past people had a lack of food and they had no more choices to select their food whether healthy or not So they tended to eat any kind of food to survive and stay alive on the other hand in this developed world people have plenty of food and all kinds of healthy food are affordable. In addition to that people read more about the food and what is the food that is compose of stuffs that body needs daily. In fact healthy food has an effect on the person's health. So if one tries to avoid unhealthy food and plans to eat the suitable one that the body needs he will be a way from any symptoms of harmful diseases such as cancer. Healthy food resulted in healthy body without diseases thus the person will live longer. Doing exercise has a beneficial effect on your health. In the previous decades people had not enough time to do exercises and maintain their health. Due to the life was hard people involved in working hard to get enough food. For this reason they did not do their exercises and then they would have some disease that happens to the body from the lack of exercise. Not doing the regular exercise will lead to weak body that is ready to acquire any type of disease and then death. There are some recent studies that have proven that people who do their exercises will live longer than those who do not do that. Also it is said that person will live ten years over the years that he expected to live especially if he does his exercises regularly such as swimming walking some miles a day running and playing any kind of sports. Technology is going across and spread fast. However it is considered as one of the cause that helps people to live longer. So how can that happen If we meditate for a while to the past we will notice that people are very busy and they were doing their work hardly and if they want something no matter what it is they need to go to get it themselves but now in the technical era no need to go you can get what you want while you are at home by using calls internet watching TV and get the information that you need. As a result of the fast spread of the technology people will have enough time to relax to read some useful things relating to their health or food and will have the perception of everything. Due to looking for the important things that may help you by following the technology and apply the perfect things that you learn from it. Also it can help you to have enough time that is no need to spend more time going to distant places to do or bring things. All these will exhaust you and then will affect on your health. In fact saving your time and using the technology in a appropriate way just by clicking buttons on the keyboard will assist people to get benefits from and will understand how to save their lives how to keep on having good health. Having a positive attitude towards life being optimistic is beneficial for your health. To live longer you should be healthy to be healthy you should also look on the bright side of life. So being worry all the time can affect on your health hence diseases are prepared to your body. Therefore worry and being pessimistic and death are inherent. Moreover person who has a good view to the life can live longer and happily. To enhance your life try to intensify the optimism and not to worry about everything. Since people were so worried about their lives they died early. On the contrary during the current time the life's facilities become more easily and no need to worry the life is simple and always takes things easily. Eventually life in the past is totally different from the current life. People died early in the past since they were suffering from many things such as hanger pure water and lack of important information relating to health that leads to longevity. In fact people nowadays live longer since they have all facilities which help them to be lived long years.
