Name ANON_NAME_0 Last Name Date Sep. 24 Cause and effect essay Writing 5S Today people acknowledge that with the development of the world human being can live much longer than their ancestors. More and more evidences prove that today people's life is about forty or even longer than the people who lived a few hundred years ago. As far as I am concerned there are many reasons to extend people's life. First of all the great improvement of medical environment is the most important reason. With the development of medical science many effective medicaments have been invented. Uncountable deadly diseases which were epidemic have been extinct. For instance Black Death and smallpox they were all the deadliest and pandemics in human's history. The invitation of penicillin saves millions of life and kills thousands kinds of bacteria. On the other hand the development of electronic technology improves the medical equipments. Many multifunctional and precise instruments appear within about 50 years. Nowadays scientists can understand people's brain wave decode the meaning of DNA and even clone sheep rabbit and pig! All of these are unbelievable 50 years ago. It is obvious that this latest technology help people not only understand themselves but also clarify their enemy disease's instruction therefore people can be protected from different diseases and most illnesses can be treated as soon as they are founded. Furthermore another crucial element which leads to the fact that people can live much longer than before is that people have ample healthy food today and they focus on the correct way to practice themselves. Hundreds of years ago most people in the world did not have enough food. They could not incept sufficient protein vitamin and other alimentation which resulted in the serious problem that the death rate was very high. Every year large numbers of people were dead because of innutrition and starvation. At the same time the innutrition also brought low birth rate and lots of newborns were dead within 1 year after they were born and some others were inborn oafish. Thereby the quality of people is low and most of them lived only thirty to forty years. Also today people have found the right way to practice instead the heavy laboring hundreds years ago. Because of the penury people had to work for money to last their life. Most of them were lack of education and had to do heavy and dirty work. The terrible work environment and overload work load destroyed their healthy. Their bones rupture muscle became distortional and corporeity changed into weaker and weaker. People's life a few hundred years ago was hard and miserable. They had to burn their life to earn money and this induces short life. Currently people can live much more comfortable than before. Heavy labor can be done by machines the work environment is clean and healthy. Quiet offices and salubrious air replace the noisy and dirty smoke. Of course people do not need to burn their life for food. The quality of life is raised greatly and people have time to do healthy sport practice. For example football soccer tennis and swimming they can ameliorate people's constitution while they perspiring. All of them are totally different from the heavy labor hundreds years ago. They do not hurt people's body by contrariety they help blood circle make human's body eliminate trash and improve the health of body. The people who practice more can live much longer obviously. Last but not least the stable international environment and development social system are also key reasons for extending human's life. As we known the large scale wars did not stop until about fifty years ago. Millions of people died in wars during last hundreds of years and the wars brought disaster to economic politics and environment. Uncountable people lost their home and even life. They have to bear penury starvation illness and worry about the death which maybe befell at any moment. Heavy spirit pressure blended with terrible life condition shorted their life. On the other hand once they caught disease it was hard to heal since the medical treatment level was low. But in the twenty one century people live in a peaceful world. People could relax and enjoy the clean water and bright sunshine. Also the perfect social system makes us do not worry about take illness. Everyone has medical insurance and which help people afford the medical fee. Most people can get wonderful service without any discrimination even the poor men. So with carefree mood people can live much longer than before. In conclusion there are many aspects make people's life much longer than their ancestors. The development of technology is the most crucial one which makes people can win the war with illness. At the same time abundant food and enough healthy practice is another reason. Finally avoiding the hurt of war and building successful health insurance system help people can extend their life too.
