ANON_NAME_0 Last Name 9 24 10 Cause and Effect Essay writing 5s Longer Lifespans By comparing to the past years many things have been changed around the world in term of knowledge and science. In addition to that a number of inventions have helped people in many disciplines of their life. Healthcare is considered one of the most crucial aspects that has developed and changed the world. An obvious example would be comparing the people who lived now with their ancestors on how long they live. A few hundred years ago humans typically died at age 30 or 40 whereas people in developed world today live considerably longer than this. Thus there are many reasons that can be attributed to this fact such as the evolution of medical science and researches people awareness health insurance and government support. One of the most vital reasons that profoundly influence people life is medical science and researches. Medical sciences are focused on three parts which are diagnoses treatment and prevent disease. The progress was in theses three aspects very advanced for the last thirty years whereas a few hundred years ago there was lack of knowledge on these three parts. Furthermore people in the past were relaying on basic treatments such as using plants and . Therefore when a disease or a virus had occurred it will spread around. So as a result of this many people will suffer or they may be died since there is no treatment. A clear example of this is Plague and Smallpox. When these two diseases had occurred in the past people were struggling with them and a large number of people were died because of the lack of treatment. However nowadays there are doses for these viruses. Moreover scientist did not stop on this they also provide vaccines to prevent people from these diseases which can spread vastly. Therefore since the evolution of medicine disease and viruses have lesser affect than in hundred years ago among human. In addition many diseases have been diagnosed treated or prevented correctly nowadays because of the scientific researches and an evident example is the swine flu. The question that might rise to mind is what would happen if the swine flu occurred hundred years ago. The answer is clear that many people would suffer or die because of the lack of the treatment or vaccines and a very large number of people will die. While when this virus accrued three years ago scientists found the doses and the vaccine to it before it spread around the world and cause a disaster. The second reason that let today's people live longer than people who lived hundred years ago is awareness. The term awareness in this context means to be aware of all the consequences of the bad habits that people usually do it in order to either prevent or avoid these consequences. Simple examples of these habits are smoking being obese eating a lot of food that contain surge and so forth. In the past people were not aware of all the consequences of the awful behavior that they practiced it. As a result they were suffering and distressed on their life. Moreover they may be died because of the lack of consciousness. On the other hand people in the developed world today are much conscious and aware of all the consequences of the bad habits. This consciousness should alert them and let them change their way of life by staying away from these behaviors. Thus they will be healthier and may live for longer time. Additionally scientists have proved all these consequences by a number of scientific researches that do not leave any one to cast doubt on it. The last but not least of causing longer lifespan for today's people compared with people who lived hundred years ago is government support and health insurance. As discussed before medicine sciences have evolved for the last thirty years in terms of treatment which are doses and surgeries. However the cost of this treatment could be substantially high which means not affordable for many people. Thus they will continue suffering even thought there is a thereby of their disease because simply they cannot pay for it. So they will be as the people who lived hundred years ago who did not find treatment of their illnesses. Nevertheless with the government support and the health insurance this issue has been solved. Since anyone who has health insurance from his employer or school he can take the treatment without paying more money. That because he pays annual payment for the insurance company which provide him a list of hospitals that he be treated on it. For the other who does not have a health insurance the government facilitates to his the cure in many different ways. So it is clear with theses supports the treatment from illnesses would be affordable for all the people. Thus today's people would live longer than whom lived hundred years ago. In conclusion I would strongly support the position which said that people in the developed world today live considerably longer than their ancestors. Because of the evolution of medical science and researches people awareness health insurance and government support which discussed in details in this essay.
