Most of our ancestors died at early ages whereas nowadays people have longer lifespan. The notion of younger generations living longer than their predecessors has triggered a lot of research and study. A certain study showed that people living in the developed world have longer lifespan then their ancestors. Few hundred years ago people typically died at age 30 or 40 whereas now they often live to 70 or 80 year or even more. What might be the cause of such a significant difference In the matter of fact several factors contributed to the increasing of modern people lifespan. Perhaps the most important one is the major advancement that the medical field has witnessed. In the 12th century Europe witnessed one of the most deadly outbreaks of plagues which was infamously known as The Black Death . This pandemic nearly wiped out half of the population in some regions however thanks to the discovery of vaccination this disease merely exists now and even if a case got detected it is highly treatable. The great medical achievement of discovering vaccination didn't only help in eradicating the Black Death but it also helped in eliminating several diseases that used to claim the lives of lots of people. Diseases like the smallpox and typhoid for example which used to be fetal thanks to vaccination the WHO World Health Organization celebrated few years ago the end of these two particular diseases. However not only vaccination helped in improving the lifespan but also several other medical improvement throughout the years ranging from the basic patient care to the significant development of diagnostics and treatment tools. Outbreaks of cholera and influenza no longer mean the loss of countless lives of men women and children with the rapid development of pharmaceuticals new medicines are discovered helping in reducing the fatality rates of such diseases and increasing its treatability. Besides advance medicines advance diagnostic tools helped in saving lots of lives by figuring out the nature of what is ailing the patient. Hundred years ago for example advance blood analysis labs x ray machines or ultrasound and MRI scanners did not exist. People used to die from 'Unknown Diseases' which later after such technologies were available turned out to be Cancer for example. Although cancer is inherently fetal early diagnosis and comprehensive treatment is very crucial in improving the lifespan of the patient. Instead of dying young by an 'unknown disease' cancer patients now with the application of the right treatment has a significantly higher chance of living longer and in some cases even get cured. The development of surgical techniques certainly helped in curing lots diseases that were consider fetal thus increasing the lifespan of generations living in the modern times. Most notably the surgical milestones that have been reached in treating heart diseases from open heart surgeries to the sophisticated valve replacement procedures. Even technology helped in this field by manufacturing artificial hearts and valves and internal or external heartbeat regulators which are known as Pacemakers . Obviously effect of the rapid development in the medical field is significant however it is not the only reason of why we live longer than our ancestors. Our life style and daily habits have a huge effect on how long we live. Since the invention of automobiles mankind has been privileged with luxurious means of transportation. With cars buses and trains people now have the ability to travel great distances in short times distances the used to take days or even weeks to travel thus opening opportunities for more jobs especially to people who live in small towns or villages. The ability of travelling distances in short times through automobiles have freed up a huge time slot that people hundred years ago used just for traveling. With the extra time available now people use it for exercising reading or simply just relaxing. All in which have a positive effect on the physical and the mental condition of the human body. People hundreds of years ago lived under the pressure of providing for their families. Not that now the pressure is any less but at least there are a lot of facilitating conditions that help in easing such pressure. Giving the time saved due to automobiles now family providers gets to spend more time with their families more than their ancestors used to spend. Being among families friends and loved ones has a significant positive effect on the well being of the human which directly reflects on how long does a human live. On the other hand some may argue that the modern way of life has the opposite effect on people's lifespan. Their rationale is the modern civilization has created problems that didn't exist hundred years ago. Though the invention of automobiles is a very crucial factor in the human well being this invention caused numerous of accident that claimed the lives of many people a problem that didn't exist years ago. Also the on growing problem of the pollution that causes several natural disasters due to climate changes. Most recently the floods in Pakistan that resulted in the deaths of thousands of men women and children without discrimination. This claim may not be completely wrong but there is a fact that has to be acknowledged although a lot of people are dying due to reasons related to the modern civilization statistically people live longer now than their ancestor did.
