The Cause of Attention Deficit Disorder Do you know that Attention Deficit Disorder increased especially in modern society. Attention Deficit Disorder is a mental problem which the children have trouble focusing on what another person saying. Also they can read the book more than few minutes and they get bored quickly. This will affect them in school and their will make it hard for them to learn and sit still for a long time. Attention Deficit Disorder is caused for many reason which is technology nutrition and food brain injury violent and pollution. First of all technology which is worldwide these days generate a bad habit for our children. Despite the fact that technology make the live more easer it brings Attention Deficit Disorder. Nowadays children rely on the technology tools by using it for playing video games watching TV using cell phones and browsing the internet. They spend most of their time on it and they are reluctant to play outside activities. Using cell phones a lot is not good therefore the fluctuate which cause headache that reduce the concentrate. The Attention Deficit Disorder caused by this reason. Because they just think about what the achieve on a particular game and what they saw on the TV their concentration become more less when someone talk to them. Their enthusiastic about the technology makes the Attention Deficit Disorder increased. This makes their mind full of something that they don't to think of it rather than what should they learn in school. The second reason is the nutrition and the food which plays an important role on their health. If they have a good nutrition diet then their mind will be more clear and healthier. Children in a modern society eat a lot of fast food artificial colors and preservatives or process food which they heat it by using the microwave. This damage their brain because it contain a lot of fat in these food also the x ray which has a negative effect on their health. Also the chemical medicines and drinks when they eat it a lot. So the parents should be careful about their children and what they should eat instead of unhealthy food. The third one is brain injury. Head injury caused Attention Deficit Disorder either before or after birth. This can come about following exposure to toxins or physical injury or by car accidents in very small amount of children. It is also can caused front lobe damage. In addition violent against the children especially from their parents friends or their teachers. There is many kinds of violent such as shocked persecution and pressure. The child can get Attention Deficit Disorder because of these. It will affect their brain and their thinking as well. The parents have to give their children a chance to create and a confident about their self so they can concentrate and focus more in their life. The last reason is the pollution which has a big influence. For example air pollution which they breathe it and have a bad effect on their mind. Gas which comes from car the smoke which comes from and factories and smoking mother or father. These can heart their minds and make them less concentrate. Also nicotine can cause a lake of oxygen for the women who are pregnant. Then finally it will end up for Attention Deficit Disorder. In conclusion the problem will grow if we did not take care of it. We should be moderate in using the technology tools and feed our children nutrition food. Also give them a good care that they need and support them. Finally we should clean our environment and make it fresh. If we follow these solution then the problem will be decline and the number of the children will be reduce.
