Cause and effect essay Attention related problems. Recently there are many mental problems appear among different ages that make dealing with each other or a person with himself more difficult and he can't control himself. One of these problems is Attention Deficit Disorder that makes children and adults has a mental problem an. From my prospective I'll describe some of causes the Attention Deficit Disorder ADD . There are problems in family social agency school and economy disasters. First of all some problems begin from family and I'll divide this issue into tow parts. One of this part is inherent disorder which transfer some disease from parents to children and will appear in biological or physical characteristic of children. For example some children get brown hair or black eyes because their parents have the same colors. I mean by this example maybe children get some troubles like focusing in other people what is saying from parents. Inherent disorder that's without control of parent but another affect and a big issue when the parents are main reasons which causes some problems for children and adult. In addition everyone wants care encourage learn and so on. When the parents care about them children by support and supply them they'll become good children. Moreover care children and adults can be through eat them a healthy food which help them to growth in a clean environment. However if children don't get a clean environment to growth in they will obtain ADD. They become less productive like other children that obtain a clean environment and healthy food. In other point teaching children are important things that parent don't care about this. The parents thought only teach children how to say Mom and Dad and they don't know children will get every thing when they still baby. They should teach them how to read a book which assist them to think about good things around them. Also they should teach them how to concentrate and respect other people. The parents had better encourage children when they do good things by giving a small gift or at least by saying a nice word. In some cases children and adult can obtain ADD from outside that parents effort to assist their children. Unfortunately social agency has a responsible for this issue and doesn't help children and adult. A second important thing is social agency that should have a good program to avoid adult and children to get ADD by doing many things. In general this agency should has weekly program to assist these kind of people to become more affective in social. Also some children and adult lost them parents in early age consequently they get ADD. For example support them by a good book and how to speech and how to focus on people when they talk with them. Also social agency should do some trips by mix healthy adult and ADD adult together. Unfortunately some family are poor or needy people and don't have a good education so some of their children become ADD. A social agency must assist them by giving every thing they need. If a social agency don't work or do some of these things will become main causes of ADD. Third school does important thing in this life. In school most children and adult learn different and good things. In my opinion a school should have a special class to assist the children and adult have ADD. Also it should have teacher who have a good experience about ADD. In some cases school becomes a bad place and assist to obtain ADD. For instance some teachers lack experience to deal with other students and make class laugh against one student during period of time. This student obtains ADD without he knows and does something weird. Also some students don't assist other students to laugh with them and enjoy or hang out together. There are some rational factors that will get children and adult ADD. In the world always bad things happen like natural disaster or economic disaster. Fourth at last decade some economy disasters assist to get ADD so how does related economy disaster to ADD Some parents work in company or in any other places and something bad happen and they are lost their job as a result effect to children or adult to become less interested about their future or job. All in All children and adult should care encourage and teach them about every thing that helps them to avoid from getting ADD. We avoid them from family problem social agency school and economy disasters. Words 774
