Is it a rational expectation that the life expectancy for people has been changed between the people who lived a hundred years ago and people now. According to the researchers a few hundred years ago human lived for 30 or 40 years. But at the present human died at age 70 or 80. I am kind of skeptical about that because in my country we believe that our grandfathers and grandmothers were died between age 70 to 100. But in the developed countries they have different concept From my perspective In Saudi Arabia the people who lived a hundred years ago lived longer than the people now and that for many reasons. One of the reasons that the people in the past used to have a healthy nutrition for instance they didn't eat fast food. In addition they didn't use any industrial materials in their food. Another reason that they used to move always for example because they do not have cars they often walk to their works or when they do their daily business. But In my country we do not follow any statistic for that therefore maybe I am not correct or it is different from a place to another. After I thought about what the researchers said I have to admit that fact due to three main causes which are modern medicine healthy diet and clean environment. There was medicine a hundred years ago but it was not developed like today. In my opinion the modern medicine is the most important reason can affect the human life expectancy. First of all many diseases were not discovered like diabetes and cancers. Also at the present days there are almost cures for any disease. Finally medicine now is available everywhere especially in the big cities. Doctors and scientists always said that good health come from healthy food. I remember when I was kid that my parents eliminated some food from me like ice cream and candy because I had a fever or a stomachache. Also they made us eating vegetable. And that's all because they were very careful we grown up healthy. So people in these days are aware about the healthy nutrition consequently they stay healthy for long time. In the other hand people in the past did not consider about the type of food whether it can affect their health or not. The environment is as important as the food. The pollution which comes from cars and factories could cause a lot of diseases such as different kinds of cancers. A hundred years ago people did not know about it so some of them were living near the factories. In contrast now a day all the factories are excluded from the city. Another factor which is really crucial is the media. The television radio and newspaper are the best way to clarify to the people how to live healthier. The media today is unavoidable because it has a variety of methods to attract the people and give them the knowledge that they need. For example the commercial and the programs in TV or radio. The high medical technology the issue of the pollution and the clean environment assist the people in these days to stay healthier as a result they live longer than the people a hundred years ago. In addition I do believe that the people in these days are aware about the healthy way to live not like the people in the past and that what makes them live longer.
