Attention Deficit Disorder as known as ADD is becoming serious social problem in the modern society. Crucial abilities to achieve someone's goals of life and have a relationship with other person are attention and concentration. In addition attention and concentration influence not only achievement or relationship but also all aspects of life. For example to need a concentration is that studying in the classroom with other students reading a book alone playing a sports game with friends and preparing dinner for own family. That is why attention deficit disorder is not limited individual problem but grave trouble or disease in the modern society. Thus many people are concerned and worried about it. In addition it is more serious problem for children than adult because a child who has ADD can learn and do nothing. It means if an ADD child could not be treated during his or her childhood they might be an immature person or a maladjusted child in a society. Thus researchers acknowledge that have to inquire into the ADD for the children and they try to clarify reasons of ADD. It is hard to make clear the causes about ADD. According to a research the reasons of ADD are compounded between genetic and environmental factors. It's not so simple to define just two aspects of reasons but complicated. First of all the genetic factors can cause ADD. The main genetic factor is the temper of brain that has a trouble. Unfortunately someone could have a genetic problem of brain as nature born. Impaired brain makes child not concentrate on anything. There is no reason to have a trouble to the brain. Getting worse is nothing to heal this matter completely. Only what they can do is taking medicine for getting better their concentration. But it is not a solution to treat the problem of brain. No one can reveal the solution of trouble about brain yet. Accurately thing which is the trouble temper of brain is the most reason of occurring ADD. It is the reason that to treat ADD is almost impossible. Second genetic factor is parents who have a lack of concentration. Naturally ability of concentrate passes down to children from their parents because the genetic blueprints between parents and children are almost same. In consequence if child who has ADD parents can be an ADD child easily. A gene which is relevant to concentrate is easy to pass down. Second of all the environmental factors also cause ADD. The bad habits which are watching TV and playing the video games too much influence someone's concentration and distraction. Changing a screen quickly stimulates one's eyesight and listening sound loudly also stimulates one's auditory sense. In consequence these make one's eye and ear be tired easily and someone not concentrate except TV or video games. For example a child who is always watching a TV is hard to concentrate to read a book or study alone. The reason is that there is nothing to satisfy child's eyes or ears than TV which is the maximum of stimulus. The other of environmental factor is the family which is a lack of love and care from parents. While child is growing up it is the most important that parents have to love and take care enough. It is the duties of the parents. If parents don't take care or love their child as the result child can not know how they relate other person. Also they can feel be nervous and anxiety easily. Why they feel be nervous and anxiety is the parents let their child not feel free to do anything. It effects to child's concentration too. To desire of love and taking care can be stress to children and then they act unusual and not admit to society. For example children usually shout or cry to attract their parents' interest. Sometime child show an anger and violence. These acts can develop not only to ADD but also developing crime. Whereas a child who is grown up in love and respect from own parents can concentrate to study and have a relationship. It is the proof of the reason of ADD. In conclusion it is impossible to determine into only one reason. To combine with genetic and environmental factors occur an ADD. Genetic factors are the temper of brain that has a trouble and the distraction passing down from parents. Environmental factors are bad habits of watching TV and playing the video games and a lack of love and taking care from their parents. In my opinion just try to treat these reasons can help to prevent of occurring ADD and improve children's concentration.
