The life expectancy of Human being has been developed through ere due to the development of the world in many perspectives. Because of the development of the world people today see their lifetime last for longer considerably than people who used to live a few hundred years ago. The changes that occurred through the time according to the life expectancy of Humans are due to the development of medicine a rich and healthy diet and the innovation of the new technology to prevent natural catastrophes. First the ancient medicine was not very advanced otherwise with the science progress this area has been developed and leads to the longevity of the life expectancy. The question of health has always been in the center of the human evolution because of the presence of many diseases their complex structure their power of spreading and their capacity to bring death. Facing this crucial problem which is obviously the development and the propagation of different kind of old and new diseases searchers in medicines and others did not remain without any studies. Especially with the evolution of the new world searchers have been found many complex answers out to treat diseases whereas our ancestors with their limited knowledge and their rudimentary approach could not afford that luxury. Hence people in ancient time were more killed by diseases and did not live longer than people who live today. Second the other reason that justifies the longevity of people life today rather than a few hundred years ago is a rich and healthy diet. People in ancient time used to eat in the manner that had not used to be healthy and appropriate for their vitality. In addition the food was poor enough while it could even be rationed and be lean unhealthy as well. Though this problem was related to an inefficient water distribution system that could contaminate foods. Consequently people contracted diseases and did not live for longer. Otherwise nowadays with the development of the science we know better the composition of foods plants vegetables and theirs nutritional value thus it helps us to have a good balance and healthy diet. As a result in that perspective we see our lives expectancy last for longer rather than those of our ancestors. Finally the development of the new technology to prevent natural catastrophes can play the role of increasing the statistic data of the life expectancy. The ancient times have known a lot of natural catastrophes such as cyclones floods earth quake etc that decimated thousand of people. Due to the lack of efficient technology these poor people were exposed to the ruthless force of Mother Nature which destroyed every thing in its path and letting after her crying agony and despair. People did not have possibilities and effective means to alert these scourges and save lives on time therefore they died at the early ages and that represented one of the vital causes of the reduction of the life expectancy. Because the antic period has been stroked by violent natural catastrophes it does not mean that our society of the developed world is absolutely safe. Unfortunately not but the difference with ancient world is just that we have more possibilities to reduce the number of victims as a result of the progress of new technology. For example there are technological machines that can alert the arrival of tornado and its direction whereas others alert the manifestation of a seism before it occurs. Although the forecasting of natural disasters in matters of technology is not a precise science but we remain rational on the fact of having the approximate and correct data to act early and save some thousand of lives on time. Hence it would have the positive impact on the life expectancy. In conclusion people in the developed world today live significantly longer than their ancestors because of the development of medicine a rich and health diet and the evolution of technology to prevent natural disasters. These three different perspectives in this new world have been contributing considerably to limit cases of deaths so to lengthen the life expectancy.
