In the old days people are able to get any kind of diseases. The reason of our developments these days it relaying on a lot of benefit the human been can acquired to live longer life. A thousand years ago humans died at age 30 or 50 and if you want to distinguish between our life today and life before hundreds years ago totally big difference. There is a lot of causes indicates the reasons of why we are living for 70 90 years instead of living shortage life sampan. Clean environment pollution healthy food relationships and health care. The reason for living longer in the 21 century is exploitation this constituents to live longer life by following this methods to have a very good health care. First clean environments depends on the humans how they are taking care of it also how they are caring the plants that might help to get a clean environment however nowadays governments has the ability of getting a good equipments that helps to build a clean environment. Clean environment could be the cause of getting a longer life span. For example walking in the street besides driving helps to avoid darts car cimices and avoid a lot of disease. Also recycling cardboard instead of throw it out that helps to get clean regions using trash cans assist the environment to be clean. In the old they don't have the ability to get a clean environment so that is the cause of human been are ding in a specific time which is age 30 or 40. In fact before government doesn't have any ability to get the good methods of their citizens. Also. Humans been before they are making the impossible to live in an appropriate way but they were missing something crucial which is the knowledge of keeping their environment clean. Second air pollution is the cause of fouling communities by air pollution factories smoke in my opinion this facts spreader in the air and cause diseases also the cause of living more longer education this days is helping us to avoid air darts and a lot of things could cause diseases. So people were educated to avoid theses environmental problems. Before there was no education it was very week and nobody care so that the cause of increase the number of deaths. For instance traffic jams cause darts but we are managing this problem but if you go back 100 hundred year I agree with you that there was no cars but they don't care about anything they was caring of just living and that is wrong. For example water pollution is the result of the industrial waste. Nowadays people are educated about acquiring pure water and how to desalinate water before they drink water with out knowing the effects. However pollution is the main causes of a lot of diseases because its contains of chemicals. We cannot have a clean air unless we take care of our environment. Third health care is very important for a lot of reasons by health care you can avoid disease and treat it to stop pain or disease. Before there was a lot of disease that is watered diseases AID'S and pollution etc but they don't care about it. Know people are educated by health care studying hard to protect the world and take care of it. For example before there was a doctor and there was the knowledge of health but people mentally don't think about it at all they concerned about it when they feel the pain. Mentally they are not convinced with health and disease damage so. That is the cause of not living a longer life. But now people are educated and concerned about their self and looking forward of living a long life. For example know we have the best hospitals medicals health insurances and the best doctors in the world also we have a very important things which is pharmacies with include of medicines and perceptions that might help people to get the good treatments to live longer life health care is very important to everybody In conclusion everybody needs to contribute to prevention. Many small steps can make a big difference by taking of our environments avoiding pollution and following a good health care that might let you live a long. This is some causes that might effect our environment and there is a lot of causes that might also damage our life. So this is the big difference between our lives now and before we can protect our life with awareness and taking care of our self. All that leads to the changes needed to secure our Future and our children future.
