Do you know that you are lucky Many researches show that people these days are living longer than people did formerly. Whereas people before died roughly at age 30 or 40 years most people now live more than 70 years. My grandfather who just turned 105 told me that most of his cousins and nephews died before they turn 50 whether they were sick or killed in a war. In this essay you may find answer for some of your questions such as to why people are living longer. From my perspective technological advances and cumulative knowledge that improved the quality of health care systems sophisticated living conditions and extraordinary peace that cover most of the planet are the main causes that help people to live longer. First of all there is no doubt that the human has been developing intelligent health care systems. By health care systems I mean that specialists are able to determine every single type of illness or allergy and make researches and experiments to reach to the best drug or drugs that may avoid it or treat it. In fact huge medical systems have been built by efforts of specialists from different places in the world. Whereas our great parents and their parents suffered from the lack of medical care and advance diagnose equipments we today have many hospitals that have intelligent systems that can predict the weakness before it happens and suggest the solutions in term of avoiding it. You may notice that one of the best aspects of the health care system which is any child born must have an immunization schedule. That actually eliminates epidemics and enhances the ability of a human body to against several type of illness. In addition while in the past if someone has problem in there kidneys or liver that means they may struggle for while but ultimately they died we know do difficult kinds of surgeries to exchange the liver or kidney for the patients and urge them to survive. As a result of the having many available hospitals and doctors patients can find a professional health care close to their door. In fact there are many aspects that may consider as cause to help people to stay healthy for long time such as clean water healthy food and available medicines. Moreover being able to avoid many types of illness and being able to treat the most of the illness are crucial aspects of this period of the history. Many people in the past were died because neither available drugs nor diagnoses equipments. Nowadays the health industry has been developing by cooperation of many organizations around the world. These incredible changes that have been happening in health field led to Increase the age of a human. The second critical factor that contributes to longer lifespan is the improved living conditions that human brain had reached. In ancient people were always facing difficult situations for example they had problems with unstable weather unreliable transportation and non improved houses. Due to the different type of high technology that people have it now actually they are able to cope with the all type of environments. To illustrate air conditioner water heater cars air planes huge ships and warm houses are helping people to adapt with very difficult situations. These significant facilities and equipments have been helping people to cope with extremely unsteady environment. Moreover people now have complex prediction devices that help them to avoid the natural disasters such as earthquakes flood. While people in the past died because they faced disasters without any alarm in advance people now can predict most of the earth or climate changes before it happen. As a result of having a convince lifestyle people are living longer. Another major factor that led to longer lifespan is wide world peace. Even though there are many places in the world are struggling from wars huge number of people enjoying their life in peaceful. Since the Second World War the humanity in different places in the world have been livings in harmony and peace. In the former many young and old people killed in war. In the past many countries were invaded by other and that led to kill people weather innocent or not. . For example in according to some researches there were between 50 to 70 people died in the Second World War. As a result of having safety world people are living longer. To sum up for many circumstances you are suppose to live longer than former generations. Having outstanding health care systems distinguishes living conditions and harmony planet all together are helping people to live longer. I hope you live to see your great child!
