The authors of The Creative Spirit assert that the main creativity killers restrain children from revealing their best creativity. It includes surveillance evaluation excessive rewards competition over control restriction choice and pressure. Even though young children came to school full of energy and curiosity they realize that they can't satisfy their curiosity or they can't show their creativity. Finally the creativity of children is depressed while they aren't realizing. In my country South Korea creativity hadn't drawn attentions until late 1990s. It's because we just paid attention to the things which are shown easily such as a higher math score or a faster learning pace. The educational experiences that I have are similar to the past feature of Korean education. My teachers tried to help us to get a higher score and it was the first object of learning. I remember that there were more activities related with creativity when I was in elementary school. We had an opportunity to write a poem to draw some creative painting or to play with friends in a creative way. However it was just superficial activity which existed just alone. When a creative activity ends we had to come back to regular studying and memorized math formula or English words. I have got used to these things which happened always in Korean school. I did my best to get higher scores and studied until late night. Finally I could get satisfied score to enter the university that I wanted to enter. However until now I don't think I am a creative person. Even though I was good at memorizing facts or taking tests I wasn't good at creating something or taking risks. I somewhat agree with the authors' opinion. Actually I can't remember if I was creative when I was young or not. However I believe every child has one's own potential to develop oneself creatively. Under the current education it's hard to be exhibited well. Teachers should help students to find what they can do and how they can lead their work by their own creative way. For this teachers should know their students well and plan tasks that may encourage each student effectively. Of course teachers cannot make every students do their best in every work that they have to. Instead of it teachers can help students to find their potential and the proper task and process that makes themselves exhibit the best creativity.
