LONGER LIFESPANS Everyone who is living on this time is lucky. With this technology which makes our life easier than the past however our ancestors were suffered. Their life was hard and dificult. They were poor that made them to work whole the day. I would talk about the people where are living in my country about their past of life. It had not tech that time it was not far away from now which was 50 years ago. It was divided to life of cities and rusticity no electricity and the water comes from wells. Even its not usualy valid to drink. They were depend on agriculture as cities depend on business to get a food from farmers. They got a medicene treatment by themselves that called popular treatment. Their life was unstable because they did not lives long life for several reasons. For example they had never been health care system they did not have hospitals and they were missed all most of births babies. First Saudi Arabia considered nascent country so each of systems were a new. There some of them it was not ready as health care system. When someone has a disease he often does not know what is kind of the disease he has! He takes some kinds of herbalism sometimes are success and many times are not. Many of people go to die with out known what are reasons for this happens. They are in general go to die by 40 to 50 years old. Even when some hospitals established it were not had the possibilities of sophisticated. There were main reasons to death such as contaminated water that was reason for renal failure or diseases of liver non health food or not clean it and no primary health care. Second the hospitals were almost non existent even if they found some they must move to the capital cities to get some care by them. My father said in Riyadh we had just one hospital which called King ANON_NAME_0 hospital. They were had difficulties to go there. It was had a few doctors and few nurses they could not help all of patients. For example they just help who has emergency patient. The king dom is a huge country so it needs many hospitals for each area around it. It was needed specialized hospitals because the people were had to move from areas to a capital city to get a medicine by wors ways. The king dom was needed network of roads to save a time. Actually there some causes why it was not enough hospitals such as the government did not have money because the oil prices were low they did not have a human resources to administer this kind of institutions. Finally in the past families were missed all most of births babies for unknown reasons so you could seen how they had high rates of births but who was servived ! They were usualy born with some kinds of diseases which were diffuse. For example my grandmather was missed 5 kids 4 of them were sons and one daughter. When ask her why did they die She will say I don't know. The one who lived a longer time of them he was a year when he dead. By the way the leprosy disease was diffuse in those days. It was from a main of reasons to death whether adoults or cheldren also they did not have vaccinations which help the cheldren to servive with a health body however many mothers were dead during birthing because in that time they just had natural birthing. If someone has a difficult giving birth she hd not choice or another solution. They could not made a surgery to get a birth baby. They were giving birth at their home. In conclusion in my openion my country now has some most important of hospitals around the world. Saudi Arabia now is excel in conjoined twins surgery. We become the country which has health insurence for all most of people also if some of them who have not insurance he can get a health care by hospitals of government. Now we are living to 80 or 90 years by means of the great health care system built many of hospitals for each area with a great network of ways and ceated the system of vaccinations to save of live of births babies.
