HAE EUN ANON_NAME_0 Cause and Effect 10 01 2010 Writing 5S Studying abroad is exciting but I have to spend much amount of money and time. Therefore to decide which country and city is very important to me. Eventually I determined country and city that is Pittsburgh. Before I came here I have heard about pittsburgh for pirate baseball team. It is the worst team in the USA unfortunately ANON_NAME_1 Ho Park who is one of korean baseball player plays for Pirates. He is old and his era is getting dark. As a result He play for Pirates. It is all of knowledge about pittsburgh. Despite I don't have anything about pittsburgh why I choose pittsburgh There are three reasons. First of all Pittsburgh standard is cheaper than Korea. Other cities in the USA have more higher standard. But everything is cheap only in Pittsburgh. As soon as I arrived pittsburgh I bought a car. It is korean product but price is lower than I have to pay for it in Korea. It is amazing. Also when I shopped for food or drink that I thought the most of them half price compared with Korea. Second of all I want to learn American English. I have traveled in UK for a month and I have lived Australia for 6 month. But in Korea I learnd American English. While I was living in Australia English was a little bit confused. For example intonation pronounce and vocabulary are totally different what I learned. Australian said 'Toilet' for rest room in American English. And English people pronounce I'm not sure as alphabet sounds as they read. I love English accent and intonation but want to compare with American English. When I came here I asked a clerk for finding a restroom. But I told her Where is a Toilet But She misunderstood as tutleneck. It was so embrased. Final reason is that my family moved pittsburgh from Korea. Because My father has a sabitical year in 2010. So they want to reunion our family before I will get married. Since 2003 we seperated to two family. I and my sister lived and studied in Seoul which is the capital city of Korea. Whereas My parents lived in Daejeon which is 3rd biggest city in Korea. These are the reasons why I choose the pittsburgh and come here. In my experience Pittsburgh is mixed between city and countryside. I like to live in here untill now. Hopely I will like when I leave Pittsburgh after 1year.
