Reasons for Attending ELI The United States has been one of the most if not the most influential country in the world. As a result many people from around the world aspire to learn in the United States or experience American life. I have always wanted to study in the United States because of annual trips to Seattle and Chicago during summer vacations. My aspirations combined with my parent's foresight that children in the next generation would have to be able to speak multiple languages resulted in an opportunity to study in the US at a young age. I have been to many states and cities in the United States and yet I ended up in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. It was the academics and high standards of colleges in Pittsburgh that has brought me here. . Certainly there are many other popular cities that offer colleges and universities of exceptional standards but it seems like the wonders and attractions would hinder my studies. Pittsburgh on the contrary is a small city that holds few distractions to a student therefore it seemed like a perfect place to attend my college years and conclude it swiftly. Currently it seems as though the attractions and glamour of large metropolitan cities are not the crucial concerns. The freedom college provided caused the continuous unsatisfactory performance. After realizing that the issue could not be resolved by staying in the same setting and environment I desperately looked for programs and ways that would help me get back on my feet and relearn some of the qualities I have slowly lost commitment and hard work among them. As I browsed through many schools and programs online ELI caught my attention. Since I am an international student I could always look to improve my English. ELI provides a full course of English programs that I believe could help me. Due to my inability to attend class and do homework previously I hope that by attending a full day of classes regularly would allow myself to change even after the ELI program. The activities and change in environment may also offer a new experience of Pittsburgh.
