Some people ask me that why I choose ELI at University of Pittsburgh. There are many different program in University of Pittsburgh and there lots of cities in the U. S. At the same time there are many countries use English. Why do I choose to be here I have many reasons for my choice. First of all I believe America is the most development country on the world and the education here is the best too. I major in computer science which is the combination of mathematics physics and electronic engineering and today the best computer scientists and research institutes are in the U. S. For instance the best computer science departments in the world are Stanford Berkeley MIT and CMU. All of them are American universities! So I decided to come to America for further education. Furthermore Pennsylvania State is my favorite state in the U. S. As we known that New England area is the oldest part of the U. S. And as a part of the 13 states of New England Pennsylvania is crucial in American history. When I was a child I have read lots of story about American War of Independence. On July 4th 1776 the Declaration of Independence was signed here. From then on Pennsylvania is the symbol of democracy and freedom. Thirdly as one of the most crucial city in Pennsylvania Pittsburgh is my first stop in the USA. Although here is not as flourishing as Philadelphia and it is not the capital of PA I still love this charming city greatly. Pittsburgh is very like my hometown which has four clearly distinct seasons and besides rivers. Here I can find the feel of family. Finally ELI at University of Pittsburgh is very famous and I believe I can improve my English skill greatly. The teachers are very kind the students here also are very smart. I like the campus culture in the University of Pittsburgh which is active. I like to study in a university with great equipments. I can get everything I want. In conclusion I want to get the best education and enjoy the best life of the world. So I choose to study in University of Pittsburgh ELI. I hope I can achieve success here and make a solid basic for my future life.
