Eid Al Fitr Celebration Most cultures have their own holidays which represent their identities . A lot of people concerned about their holidays because most of these holidays provide them happiness and joy. They prepared for these occasion and spend a great time with their traditions. There are a lot of holidays which are known in the whole world such as Valentines holiday Christmas holiday and Eid Al Fitr holiday. Eid Al Fitr is one of the primary holidays in the Islamic culture we prepared for it and do special things such as baking special dessert visiting relatives and friends and going outside to have fun. Before this great holiday we prepare for it for a whole month by making some special dessert buying new cloths and decorating homes. The initial thing al families do it is to go to some malls and buy new cloths for this special holiday. The cloths may be classic casual or fashionable but it must be new. We spend a lot of money for this clothes because most people will see in this holiday their relatives friends and other who have long time no see. The second thing in our preparation for this holiday is to decorate the homes. Actually we decorate the homes before Eid Al Fitr a week. First we clean the homes then we put flowers everywhere in the homes and finally we buy some accessories for furniture such as vases or mattress tables. The ultimate thing we do it in the preparation is to bake some special dessert such as dates cookies. We start baking the dessert before the holiday two or three days. All members of the family go to their grandparents or parents homes and cooperate to make these dessert but nowadays a lot of people preferred to buy the dessert from any dessert shop. That is how we spend a good time before the celebration by buying new clothes decorating homes and baking special dessert. In the morning of Eid Al Fitr we do a lot of things such as praying in the mosque having breakfast with the family and exchanging gifts. We go to the mosque for praying around 6 o'clock in the morning. Most families arrange to meet each other before the praying to go to the mosque together. Praying in the mosque is the primary aspect of this day. We pray usually in the early morning around seven clock. Praying gives us the great concept of this event. After praying we go to our homes to have breakfast with our family. Approximately 90 of the families meet each other in the grandparents homes and have the breakfast together. This meeting is demonstrating the strong connection between all families. Finally it is a habit to exchange gifts and give money. This is how we spend a good time in the morning of this holiday. In the evening of Eid Al Fitr we do a lot of fun such as seeing fireworks going outside accepting visitors and having dinner with the family. First we accept visitors who come to celebrate with us. We often give them some dessert and coffee. After that we have dinner with our family. Then we go outside to have fun in malls restaurants or parks and see fireworks. Fireworks is seen prominently from everywhere so anywhere we go we can see it. Eid Al Fitr is a great holiday for any Islamic country. We spend a great time in this day and we always excited for its coming by preparing for it and the things what we do it in that day.
