Are you looking for a good place to study English If so here my experience when I had thought about what the best place in the world to study English and Master in Information Systems. Whereas my friends chose directly to study in United Kingdom I spent more than a year to find a fabulous place according to my incredible requirements. I made my plan to study abroad and acquired English to more than one circumstances and all of them were significant to me. Being in multicultural country extraordinary universities and nice English teachers are my requirements to achieve my final goals. The United States is one of the most multicultural countries in the world. According to many researches America considers the country of immigrants. Therefore the citizen of the states is able to deal with international students. Perhaps they are easy to make friendship with people become from different places in the world. To illustrate I have been living in the states since December 2009 and at this moment if I am lucky I have more than 100 friends and all of them originally from the USA. Take another example to be sure why I believe American are one of the friendliest propel in the world. I have been living with American family since I arrived to the states. They share me there house bathroom as well as kitchen. Moreover they correct my language mistakes and encourage me to speak English all the time I really make progress here in America. Last but not least thinking of being between friendly people led contributes in my choice. The second major factor that played in my choice was studying in a great university. Initially after I decided to study in the states I started thinking about which university I will study at I discussed with many friends and read many journals about the best university in the world. The reputation of the University of Pittsburgh is extremely great. Saudi Culture Mission and many huge organizations in the wide world consider it one of the best resources of the modern and traditional science. As a result of that I chose to study in Pittsburgh and in the University of Pittsburgh. The last trigger urged me to study English in the united was a great language institute. As international student I am looking to learn English in an enthusiastic environment. By environment I mean to learn from outstanding faculties. Eli has fabulous teachers. As well as fantastic activates. In fact these reasons contribute to my choice. To sum up if you are looking for a good place to study your graduate school and acuire English. No doubt you have to go to the United States and study at the university of Pittsburgh as well as Eli. American are so friendly. University of Pittsburgh is one of the great university in the world. Finally eli has an enthusiastic teachers and they are helpful.
