United of state have a lot of large cities that consist of best Universities in the world best ways of teaching English and best method of teaching. A lot of causes that stimulate me to choose Pennsylvania Pittsburgh and specifically University of Pittsburgh ELI . Actually my friend recommended the University as the best ELI that you can learn English in reading writing listening and speaking. The causes of chooses this city and state is it is very simple city near from other cities and states friendly people and the main cause is the ELI program. Pittsburgh has a crucial place it is very flexible to me to visit a lot of cities because it is very near from Pittsburgh also its near from Washington Dc which involves our Saudi cultural mission and embassy though. The approximate time from Pittsburgh to Dc it is about 3 hours by car 40 minute by plane and 7 hours bu train it is very flexible for me. The cause of choosing Pittsburgh also it helps me to visit my friends for example my friend live in New York so it was very easy for me to get into NY. Also I met my friend in Ohio as result Pittsburgh has a strategy position. It has big effect to me that I'm comfortable. The most thing that attract are people are very friendly. The first day I arrive Pittsburgh I was concern about my English was week so I was afraid from not making any relations with peoples. But I found a positive aspect which is people are very friendly in Pittsburgh they help me to improve my English. There was a deal between me and an American guy that he will teach me English instead of teaching him Arabic. For example I was hanging witha an American guy to the gym and this benefit me a good friendship and also taught me an important an experience. In instance studying with American guys help me getting a good friends. The main cause what I'm here for is studying in The ELI . It has a very significant effect to me. ELI has their own and best methods of teaching English they have also the greatest teachers I learned a lot from them how to read writ speak listen and hot to deal with people. ELI teachers are very friendly. The cause of choosing also the University of Pittsburgh that they have a very high education of learning. For example they teaches me how to deal with people. Also they help me to have a strong self confidence. In conclusion Pittsburgh is my favorite city I learned a lot from Pittsburgh and the university by making a friendships methods of learning and the strategy position. These is some causes and effect that has a big influence on me. And I would like to recommend it to the people who are confused of choosing a city or a University.
