The Chinese New Year In the end of a year according to lunar calendar it comes the most important holiday the Chinese New Year for all the Chinese. It usually starts from the last day of a year and continues until the fifth day of a new one. The Chinese New Year is the longest holiday in a year and people do a lot of traditional and fun activities such as gathering with families going to the temple to pray for the whole year's safety and health traveling or just relaxing during this special vacation. First on Chinese New Year's Eve it is a very important time for family reunions. On this day everyone goes home to be gathering with families and busy at decorating the house with Spring Festival couplets and all kinds of red stuff to welcome a new year and symbolize the lucky for the whole year. When the night comes the whole families sit around the table and enjoy a really big meal including a hot pot with a lot of seafood or anything that the family members like fishes and other luxury dishes. After the big dinner the families enjoy some entertainment together like playing poker dice or just having a nice talk with each other. People often call friends or text them in this time to give blessing in the beginning of a new year. Then when the first day of a year comes people usually go to the temple to pray for the safety and health of the families in the coming whole year. After that people start to visit relatives to give them blessing. Next on the second day of a year it is a traditional day that every married woman will bring her husband and children to come back to her parents' home. Every married woman looks forward to this day so much. Finally form the third day until the fifth day of the year people treasure the vacation time and do whatever they want such as traveling or just having a relaxing time at home. The Chinese New Year's Eve and the first two days are the time for the families gathering and giving blessing to someone important. After that people can spend the rest time at whatever they want. Because of the Chinese New Year we are able to reserve lots of traditions and cultures of our race and have a nice vacation at the same time.
