Marriage Marriage is held on respect and love and sincerity andunderstanding. Marriage is great and beautiful event for man and woman if they do each other's rights. In marriage the person is making family official of them . In my religion we believe marriage is half the religion. Married and celebrated is different ways of several aspects like religion customs traditions and society. In my country Saudi Arabia also there are few different ways to Celebrate wedding . We make it on Islamic way . Also it changed a lot from past until now. In my country to be married there are three steps first the engagement then engagement party and finally wedding party. First of all the engagement . In my country it has many things to do . Before progress for the girl formally . Usually the man groom recognize the girl bride and heard about her from his familys or friends or work sometimes from Inter net. Then groom go to bride's father he talk with him and explain to him he want marry his daughter. Then bride's father Setting a date to see the bride . On that day be the first meeting for them to know and see each other initially. Also on that day The girl does not wear Hijab the cover and they speaking for short times . After that in this period is very important to lesson for opinion of the girl and its response as well as men. One other hand . The father has the right to rejection if the man bad or does not deserve daughter so as not to subject the girl to the problems in future . Second the engagement party. We sets day and time for the party. The important thing in this day is marriage contract . To do it must attend the girl's father or guardian and two witnesses be there. In this time must lesson for reply bride and groom. In evening the party start . Their families and friends come to the party and they Celebrate. The bride wear a dress and be beautiful. There are music and dancing in women part. The bride and groom sit to gether here they wear the rings . The groom give the bride Pony usually between 10000 to 20000 and that depends on what the bride requires . Also he give her some of the gold and the gifts. Recognize the girl and the man very well and be a long time between four to I year. During That which one of them as possible to ask if he wishes separation before the marriage ceremony. Last of all the Wedding party. Usually the party be very big and start at 7 pm tonight to 3 morning . The groom and his family who must pay the costs of marriage and bride's father but often they involved payment. There is a place for women separately from men. In women place there are singer and women dancing . After that between 12 pm to 2 pm show the bride in white dress and sit a short time with them until she go with her husband. They set time and special place to enter the men relatives of the bride and the groom to congratulate them.
