The traditional Marrige in libya The marriage ocassion has special value for people in my country. It is the symbol of beginning of new life. Careful and critical accounts should be taken in consideration before the final decision about the marriage. One of the important aspects is the social position of the family which is truly significant. Likewise the man's personality financial ability relegion are as important as the girl's relegion beauty personality and even cook skills. Unlike some cultures the parents play important role in their sons' and dughters' decisions about their marriage. Some of these customs have changed the last 25 years whereas other still have the same value. The tradition that didn'tchange across the generations is that the man who will choose his wife and the girl has the right to accept or refuse but not to choose her husband. The marriage process in my country has three main stages the engagement preparation and wedding ceremony. The engagement is an evaluation stage for both of the groom and bride. First of all the man 'the groom' has to meet the girl's father and ask him to marry into his daughter often the man don't know his bride but one of his family or friends knows her enough so he or she nominated her . According to this meeting the father will ask about the groom his job family and relationships. Next when he will make sure the man is good and fits his demands which is mostly social standards he will give the man initial acceptance. Then the girl can meet her groom. Actually they can see each other more than once by the girl's parents' knowledge. So they can make a decision after deep thinking. In this time The mother assists her daughter by clarifying the groom's advantages and disadvantages explaining what is important to make her life with him happy and comfortable. Often the girl in my culture doesn'n have pervious experiences which makes her less picky. Finally when the girl accepts her groom both of their families officially consider the engagement which is usually short period before the preparations for the wedding. The preparations for the wedding in my country are very complex and require a lot of money and effort. First the wedding ceremony is separated and each of the groom and the bride has independent party for his family and friends. Also for each one there are 2 parties for the men and women. Furthermore the groom should pay for the bride's jewelry clothes and contribute in her preparations for her own party. Moreover the celebration is not limited by one day but it continues generally for 3days and sometimes 7days! Which means more guests and more difficult arrangements. In the average there should be approximately 400 women in the bride's party and almost the same men for the groom's party. The families with limited income rebel against those traditions whereas the rich families consider these traditions as symbol of prosbarity and prestigious. Usually if the groom and the bride are relativity their families divide the wedding ceremony into two days. The wedding ceremony mixes the traditions and the modern design of life in my country. In the first day Alhenna the bride wears traditional clothes which are long dark red address made usually from satan and covers her hair with scarf made from silk patterned by gold. In the night the bride's friends put the henna a plant makes red color on the skin on her hands and feet. Previuosly her friends made patterns and paintings especially for the bride's henna. Also they are singing special songs while they are making the henna. The second day the groom's mom comes to the bride's home and brings gift which is usually pendant or sometimes bangle or brooch. In the night the groom's family and friends go to the bride's home and celebrate with her family. The third day is the final day. The tradition in this day varaies from family to the other. For example some brides wear the traditional clothes whereas other prefer to wear the white dress. However After finishing her big party the bride always leaves her parents' home to her home. In conclusion although the marriage process in my country is very tiring it has a lot of intersting details. The traditions that follow each stage are very important and give that stage its own beauty. Even with a lot of rebelling about the expensive demands those traditions are still there. In fact I've strongly rebelled against the complex and expensive customs but in my wedding I was very happy and excited about each tradition and refused to get rid of any detail!
