Every country has its traditions including for the marriage. In my country France people usually get married after their engagement but there is not inevitably engagement to get married. Another features is that the marriage is always on Saturdays. It consists of three important steps which are first the preparation then the ceremony and finally the party. The preparation is certainly the most important and the longest step. Indeed in France the future bridegrooms prepare their marriage one year in advance. Firstly the future bridegrooms have to buy the wedding dress and the wedding bands. The wedding dress is the most difficult to find. It is necessary that it is white and that once worm the bride is the most attractive of the day. There are many stores in France specialized for wedding clothes but they are very expensive. Then the future bridegrooms have to rent a place for the party. They have to find a big enough room where the guests can eat and have fun. In addition they have to plan a wedding catering a photographer a DJ and also the decoration. In France the decoration is very important all the guests have to decorate their car with flowers and furnished with ribbon. It is essential that all these things are made for that the day of the ceremony is perfect. In the end of morning of Saturday begin the ceremony. First of all there is the civil wedding. It takes place in the city hall where live the future bridegrooms. The mayor reads the duties and the obligations of the marriage. The bridegrooms are accompanied with two best men and sign all together the register of birth marriages and deaths. Later is the religious wedding. It depends on the religion of the future bridegrooms. The great majority of the French are catholic so they go to the church. The priest reads a mass to celebrate the union. The bridegrooms have to promise love and loyalty in front of God. At the end of the ceremony the bride throws her bouquet in the direction of the guests and according to the tradition the girl who catches it will be the next bride. At sunset takes place the celebration of the union. In France there are many guests for a marriage. It can vary from one hundred to two hundred persons. Therefore the celebration of union divides in two parts. Firstly all guests are invited at the wine of honor . So the family friends colleagues and neighbors drink various sorts of wines and clink glasses in honor of the newly weds. Afterwards is the big party where are invited the closest persons such as family and friends. The newly weds cut the cake and next the guests offer their presents. Another important event is the garter which is attached to the bride's underwear. The bride has to raise the stakes and it sell to the person offering most money. The party during all night and ending in the early morning. The next day the newly weds do again the party with the close family. Consequently the marriage in France is a very long and very intense event. When the ceremony is over it isn't finished for the newly weds. Indeed they drove off to the airport for their honeymoon.
