The Chinese New Year In the world every country has the different way to celebrate a year's beginning. Everyone wants to have a new start at the year's beginning. In New York people get together at Times Square to welcome the New Year's coming. Different from other counties the Chinese New Year is in February which depends on the Chinese calendar. It is one of the Chinese important festivals which families will get together and participate in every activity which is relevant to celebration. Before the end of the year my family cleans the house moves out useless things and paints the walls. My father hangs red couplets on the door. My mother takes my sisters and me to pick up new clothing which we will wear during the Chinese New Year. All of stores and streets are broadcast the New Year songs and the whole environment fills with happy atmosphere. On the eve of New Year my family has a bountiful dinner. My mother prepares two dishes of fish for dinner but one of fish cannot be eaten. This means there are reminders in last year. We also have daikon radishes which stand for good fortunes and apples which represent safety. After dinner it is happy hours for children to expect the New Year's presents red envelopes. Kids wait in line and say good words to the elders and then they will get red envelopes. Elders put money in red envelopes which make children eager to get them. And children can use that money to buy anything they want. On January 1st of the Chinese calendar my father gets up early to fire firecrackers. In Chinese fairy tales there is a year monster which will eat people. Therefore people fire firecrackers to scare it. Furthermore everyone puts on new clothing and visits the neighbors saying something good to wish each other having good fortunes. Before the lunch my mother prepares food to visit the graves of our ancestors. In the afternoon my parents take us to the temples to make wishes for the next coming year. In fact the Chinese New Year ends on January 15th of the Chinese calendar. After eating rice balls this means we will add one year old and the celebration is complete. Although a lot of things require preparing it is a joyful moment for people to get together. It is also meaningful for people to have a good beginning in the New Year.
