Oshougatsu A Happy New Year In Japan There are a lot of traditional holidays in Japan. Oshougatsu especially is the most beautiful and important holiday in Japan. This holiday is a same meaning as ''a happy new year ''in America. In Japan December 31st is called Oomisoka. We thank god for our health and we also don't have any trouble this year. We have to prepare a lot of things to celebrate Oshougatsu. First we have to clean up the house to celebrate Oshougatsu. This is very traditional in Japan. Before the Oomisoka all people clean the house and decorate with nice flowers and rice cake. We think that we can welcome god by cleaning house. We prepare the pine decoration to celebrate Oshougatsu. This is a pair of pine branches. After cleaning our houses we put pine trees on the front door. A long time ago people thought god will stay on trees. To invite god to the houses we put branches on the front door. After cleaning and decorating the house we cook for Oshougatsu. Especially mother or grandmother in family cook. We have many traditional foods for Oshougatsu. Every food has a special meaning. For example there is kuromame. Kuromame is black beans and the word mame means very aggressive and healthy. We cook a lot of food because we will be eating during Oshougatstu. We also buy liquor because we drink a lot. Our last preparation for Oshougatsu is on December 31st people will stay home and eat Tosikosi Soba while waiting to greet the New Year. Tosikosi means greeting the New Year and soba are buckwheat noodles. Soba means longevity. At 12 o'clock temples ring the big bells. A lot of people will go to the temple to pray for health after 12 o'clock. But some people don't go because they want to sleep. But most people will go to temple for pray. The women who go to the temple will wear kimono. Oshougatsu will be celebrated for 3 days. We eat traditional food and adults drink a lot. It is traditional for women to wear kimono. People go to temple for health of next year. To greet the New Year we have to do a lot of things but it is good opportunity to meet family and relatives.
