Moon Festival The Moon Festival is a significant celebration in Taiwan. This festival is on August 15th of the lunar calendar every year. The traditional Chinese festivals that use the lunar calendar which depends on the running time of the moon to record. People don't go to work on this day because it is a national holiday. On most of the traditional Chinese festivals we offer sacrifices to ancestors and care for our family and friends the Moon Festival is not an exception. One month before the Moon Festival all of the markets and the department stores are beginning to advertise the Moon Festival goods. Many different kinds of cakes vegetables meat and fruits were sold on this day. Moon cakes yolk cakes and pomelos are the most representative food on this holiday. The cakes or pomelos would be sent to friends to express our appreciation during the past half year. We also buy and prepare these materials for worship and barbecue. The latter is a major activity in the evening of Moon Festival. All of the family members will get together and cooperate to barbecue in the yard or a vacant lot. Whether adults or children they are looking forward to this event. After the worship at the noon we start to prepare the tools and the foods for the barbecue. The men begin to make a fire and the children help their mother wash the vegetables. Then we take turns to barbecue enjoy the foods together and talk about our daily life and work. For another aspect this is the best time to care for our family members because they may work in a place where is far away and you may have not seen each other for a long time. . Finally we enjoy the glorious full moon that is round and bright in this night. Then we tell the stories about the ancient legends to the children such as the legend of Chang'e and the Jade Rabbit pounded elixir on the Moon. Some children may imagine that there are a beautiful woman and rabbits living on the moon. Simultaneously kids play with fireworks and hope that sparks can reach the Moon and rabbits might be seen. The Moon Festival has a very important significance for each Taiwanese people. Even if we study or work abroad the people who come from Taiwan will get together to celebrate this festival. If someone wants to go to Taiwan I will recommend he she to have a taste of the cakes and pomelos because they are the most important foods on the Moon Festival and very delicious.
