Seol Lunar New Year's When you see the word Seol you might think it is the capital of Korea. That's not a typo. Seol is actually a holiday. Lunar New Year's Day is called Seol in Korean. There are tree great holidays in Korea the Harvest festival the Dan o festival and New Year's Day. New Year's Day by the lunar calender is the biggest holiday and there are special things to do. The holiday is continued for 2days and First day the most people get together in their hometown and enjoy the holiday with their relatives. Specifically many traditional games such as yut seesawing and kite flying are enjoyed throughout the day. During the New Year's greeting is say hay boke mahn he pah ANON_NAME_0 say oh. If we observe the meaning of the greeting say hay means 'New year' boke means 'blessings' mahn he means 'a lot' and pah ANON_NAME_0 say oh ''please receive. ' Recently people have started to say make a lot of blessings this year. The second day women are busy preparing the food from the previous day. They make ddeok fried meats they buy fruits clean fish and so on. They spend almost the entire day for the preparations. The food prepared the day before is placed on the alter. Very early in the morning they take a bath and put the Solbim on. Solbim are new clothes prepared to wear on Seol. It is usually the traditional costume Han bok which has beautiful colors and its lines and a little bit of carved lines make good harmony. Moreover men perform a memorial service for the repose of their ancestors after all preparations are ready. This ceremony unites the people who worship ancestors in a traditional manner. After the cremony everyone eats something called ddeokguk or rice cake soup. Eating one bowl of it mans that you are getting one year older. As Koreans are very busy everyday the only days that family gathers are chuseok and New Year's Day. We get to meet our cousins and relatives who are hard to meet. And we feel really good after we spend time together with them on New Year's Day. These aspects are the reasons why Seol is important in Korea.
