Eid Al Fitr We have many different celebrations in our culture. One of the best celebrations I enjoy is Eid Al Fitr. It's the day we celebrate that we achieve our goal. After 30 days of fasting and praying to God to accept our worship. Each family celebrates in a different way. In my family we celebrate by preparing for the Eid enjoying the Eid by doing different a activities and giving Zakat Al Fitr . To get ready for this occasion many things must be bought and prepared. First we all should buy new clothes for the celebration. Likewise the clothes are often colorful to define the meaning and to express the joy of Eid. Moreover we have to purchase luxury chocolate to serve with the Arabian coffee. Also the house must be cleaned and polished . Finally the house has to be filled with the smell of perfume because we accept a lot of guests on that day . There are many different activities we always do on Eid. First in the morning everybody wakes up early even the children and wears the new Eid clothes to go to the mosque and pray a special prayer. Next every family goes to visit her relatives and congratulates them on this occasion. They often meet on the big house where the grandfather lives. They first serve the Arabian coffee with several kinds of sweets and the whole family sits together and has fun. In the evening we have a special family dinner including the most popular food in our country. In addition the children receives money and different kinds of gifts from every member of the family so with the end of the day the children become richer than their parents. One of the beautiful meanings of the Eid is Zakat Al Fitr . Zakat Al Fitr is charity given to the poor at the end of Ramadan. Also we can say that it is a duty require from all Muslims male or female who have enough money. The main purpose of Zakat Al Fitr is to let the poor celebrate the festival with others. Moreover it's limited by a period of time which starts from the sunset of the last day of fasting to the beginning of the Eid prayer. In short Eid Al Fitr has a significant meaning in our soul. We celebrate that we achieved our target. We enjoy each stage of these days the preparation the joyful days and we help the poor and bring the joy sense of others by taking out the obligatory charity . Finally we hope that we will be able to be here in the next year.
