PURCHASING A NEW COMPUTER There are so many kinds of new computers in the shop and each computer has its own condition and price. But the price isn't always reasonable. Obviously too expensive is not good and too low price is also bad maybe there are some problems with its ability or condition. So if you want to purchase a new computer there are three important processes you have to do to make a wise purchase gather information before go to the shop check the brand name and compare the wholesale price with the retail price. The first step for a wise purchase is gathering some information on the web site or from friends who know a lot about computers before going to the shop. Investigate some major companies and the lowest price of each par of computer. If you know about the lowest price even it's hard to find products with that price it helps you to compare the wholesale price with the retail price. There are many communities that deal with computer information on the internet so you can get much information easily. Also you can use someone's recommendation or comments that come from his experience. If you just go to the shop without these preparations maybe you will not make a wise purchase. When you come to the shop check the brand name of the computer and each part that you choose. You can see the list that contains the detail information. If you can't see that list or it doesn't contain details ask the seller about details especially the brand. The brand name is very important in all parts of a computer because there are so many companies who produce computers or each part in the world and many of them don't have a fine service system for customers. Furthermore there is a possibility for products from those kinds of companies to have bad quality. So choosing a well known brand name can guarantee the ability of the computer and when problems happen you can receive the service easily. After checking the brand compare the wholesale price with the retail price. Sum up all lowest prices of each part which already you know and compare it with the retail price. Probably you can find the gap between two prices. They can't be equal and it's natural situation for the margin but if the gap is abnormally large it's better for you to consider another one that the gap is reasonable because you have to make a wise purchase. This process can protect you from wasting too much money on unreasonable price. Because the computer is an expensive product and we usually use it for a long time the process for a wise purchase may be complicated. But gathering information checking the brand name and comparing the wholesale price with the retail price are essential processes and they deserve hard efforts and even though it takes a long time for preparation it will compensate you by providing reasonable quality.
