The Problem of Educational System in Taiwan It is hard to imagine how our life will be if we do not receive education. In Taiwan most of bosses expect their staff to have Master degree at least. In addition most of parents want their children to be a doctor lawyer or teacher. Our government has done it there are many colleges and universities and many teachers in Taiwan. Nevertheless the instructional quality is not good enough. Everyone can study in a college if they want. All they have to do is take college entrance exams. That is a simple test. There are five or six subjects and each subject's score is one hundred points. If you want to study in a university you just have ten points of each subject. However that could be a bad school. Because of the easy examination almost people in Taiwan can go to college. After graduating they think they have bachelor degree and want to find an easy task not like labor. If they can't get a good job which has good benefits and salary they will stay at home as a NEET not in employment education or training. If there are many schools in Taiwan of course there will be a lot of teachers. Twenty years ago many students want to study in the teachers college because they can find a job easily after they graduate. As a result of the declining birth rate we no longer need so many teachers. Those teachers had started to create new works for their own. They set the cram schools to strengthen the ability of children after school. Besides school assignments they also teach how to play piano painting and dancing etc. Those teachers told parents Don't let your children lose at starting point. They need to learn more and another skill for one day. Students go to a cram school after classes and feel tired. On the next day they may catnap and can't concentrate in the class. Finally they did not learn anything well. Too many schools divide the limited resources and funding as a result the government give more subsidies to the school with good researches and performances. However if the schools didn't have any good achievements they have to find the sponsorship by themselves. It is difficult consequently they try to attract more students and charge higher tuition fees. But they don't provide a good learning environment they just give a diploma for the student who had ten points of each subject in the college entrance test. We really need to be educated. We need knowledge but not everyone needs a bachelor or master degree. In addition to the knowledge of books we can also learn other skills and acquire a good job. Even the workers also have their professional education they are the teacher in their profession. Perhaps we should let our children learn to respect for different walks of life but to have more abilities. Then we don't need so many colleges and they will get more assistance from the government.
