There are different opinions concerning the happiness. Some people might argue that happiness depend on wealth success and honor. However contrary to this opinion it seems clear that valuing life brings much more happiness by physical emotional psychological things. To begin with good health is a necessary condition for happiness. The fundamental reason is that working on gym or makig body can improve physical strength and learn to be more patient. So these can satisfy ourself and make them look good. From my experience I was overweight 2 years ago. I suffered from a lack of confidence and was afraid of going outside because of glares. My families and friends encouraged me and I worked on gym everyday so I could lose 10 pound of my weight. After that I could meet a number of friends and get a new job. It was a hapiness in my life. Moreover positive mind can make people happy. This is largely because having a positive and open mind can modify people who are placed in a difficult situation. These has a beneficil effect on spiritual well being. For example by 2000 my father had failed in business. Nevertheless he was not discouraged at the situation. He thought it will be okay. And he analyzed the cause of failure and considered the matter from various angles. Eventually he has secceed in business. He always says to me to have a positive mind and it will make me happy. Finally volunteering for poor people or persons who need help has psychological benefits. An impotant reason is that doing volunteer work cannot earn money but it is able to meet many people and amused them so I can feel happy. From my experience when I was a freshman my friend lead me to a volunteer programe. In that time I was not interested in volunteering and I thought that it will waste my time. Actually it was very hard and had worn me out. After volunteering however I was satisfied of myself and felt happier than before. In conclusion with out any doubt I strongly believe that valuing life brings much more happiness. The reason is that good health positive mind volunteering promote people to be happy. All in all I believe that these are the most important factors for happiness.
