Different Cultural Expectations of Success I think there are different expectations of success for males and females in my country Taiwan. First of all we can see different cultural expectations from the parents of young children. Take falling down as an example. If you were a boy and you fell down and cried your parents would say Don't cry you are a boy. Get up by yourself. In contrast if you were a girl your parents would comfort you and help you get up. Therefore parents expect boys to be brave and strong but for girls these two characteristics are not necessary. Second take driving as an example. People expect men to drive very well because it seems natural. If you were a man you probably could drive very well. If you were a woman and you drive very well people will feel surprised and applaud you. In my experience when a man sees a car moving very slowly he would always say The driver must be a woman. Thus people have different expectations for males and females even when driving a car. People also have different expectations for males and females in the working world. For males it's important to have a good job and a high salary. On the other hand for females it's good to have a job but a high salary is not necessary. Moreover if a woman doesn't have a job it's okay. Thus people expect a man to have a job because it represents his ability. For a woman however not having a job is not due to her lack of ability. For many women taking care of their children and family very well seems more important than having a good job. For this reason having a good job is very important to males but not a necessary feature for females. In summary I believe having different expectations for males and females is just a common situation even though it is not necessary. Especially nowadays people are changing their thinking about expectations of men and women. I believe that is because women are getting more equal rights in many aspects such as education political participation and job opportunities. Because men and women have equal opportunities for their education they will be treated as equals. Consequently if men can do their jobs very well the women must be able to do them as well as the men. On the contrary doing housework and taking care of children are no longer women's work. If the husband can take care of the children better than his wife it will be fine if the wife goes out to work and earns money and the husband stays at home and takes care of their family. That is what kind of duty they choose as their own depends on the ability they have not on their gender. In other words they choose what they want to do rather than doing what people expect them to do. Thus in my opinion the different expectations of success for males and females will grow less and less.
