Marriage Marriage is held on respect and love and sincerity and understanding. Marriage isgreat and beautiful event for man and woman if they do each other's rights. In marriage the person is making family official of them . In my religion we believe marriage is half the religion. Married and celebrated is different ways of several aspects like religion customs traditions and society. In my country Saudi Arabia also there are a few different ways to Celebrate wedding . We make it on Islamic way . Also it changed a lot from past until now. In my country to be married there are three steps first the engagement engagement party and wedding party. The first steps of marriage is the engagement . In my country has many things to do. Before progress for the girl formally . Usually the man groom recognize the girl bride and heard about her from his family or his friends or work sometimes this days by the internet . Then groom go to bride's father he talk with him and explain to him he want marry his daughter. Then bride's father Setting a date to see the bride . On that day be the first meeting for them to know and see each other initially. Also on that day the girl does not wear the hijab and that means a cover and they speaking for short times . After that in this period is very important for lesson for opinion of the girl and its response as well as men. Finally the father has the right to rejection if the man bad or does not deserve daughter it is not to subject the girl to the problems in future . Second step of marriage is the engagement party. First we sets day and time for the party. Then the important thing in this day is marriage contract to do it must attend the girl's father or guardian and two witnesses be there. After that we must lesson for reply bride and groom. Later In evening the party start usually around 6 8 pm . Then their families and friends come to the party and they celebrate. Next the bride wear a dress and put a make up . Then they playing music and dancing in women part. After that the bride and groom set together and they wear the rings . The groom give the bride the dowry usually around 10000 to 20000 and that depends on what the bride requires . Also he give her some of the gold and the gifts. Finally they recognize each other very well in this period . Usually this period round 1 month to one year. During that period any one of them . Possible to ask if he wishes separation before the marriage ceremony. The last step of marriage is the wedding party. Usually the party be very big and starts at 8pm to 3 morning . Fist of all the groom and his family who must pay the costs of marriage and bride's father but often they involved payment. There is a place for women separately from men. Then In women place they play music and dance . After that between 12 pm to 2 pm show the bride in white dress and sit a short time with them until she go with her husband. Next they call guests todinner . After the dinner offer gifts to guests . In same time the bride and groom met the relatives ofe bride in Special place to congratulate them and they give heyGifts or money or gold . After that groom and bride taking pictures. Then in men part the relatives of the groom give the groom money as a gift. Finally they go to a hotel by car decorated. In conclusion the engagement engagement party and wedding party this is the three steps In my country to be married . In the marriage the couple should pay attention to the spirit of marriage not just appearances .
