NOWRUZ HOLIDAY We have a fantastic holiday in my country called Nowruz. This holiday is at the beginning of spring and it is thirteen days long. Before Nowruz people go shopping to buy fruits nuts and pies. They also shop for new clothes and acquire gifts for the youngsters. Obviously Nowruz is the most wonderful holiday for Iranian people because they meet their relatives start a new year and eat tasty and delicious foods. First Nowruz is a great occasion in Iran because people meet their relatives and say Happy New Year to each other. In addition people receive their guests with nuts pastries and fruits such as pistachio and baklava. Furthermore they review their old memories and tell teenagers stories about their life experiences. In addition adults either buy presents or give money to young children to make them happy and cheerful. Another aspect which makes Nowruz more fabulous is that it is the start of a new year. The members of each family cooperate in cleaning the house and preparing it for the special day. For example one person cleans the windows and another one mops the floor. Moreover they celebrate the New Year by wearing new clothes and decorating their houses. They put fresh flowers in vases and put them on the tables to make their house look more beautiful and have a nice aroma. Each family sets an elegant table by putting eggs rice vegetables fruits and our holy book Quran as a sign of thankfulness to God. Finally Nowruz is an amazing holiday because Iranian people eat tasty and delicious foods. Housewife of each family makes a special dish for certain days. For instance she cooks white fish and rice for the first day and she also makes an invigorating dip for lettuce on the last day of Nowruz. To sum up I think you would agree with me that Nowruz is an awesome holiday for Iranians because they meet their relatives start a new year and get the chance to enjoy tasty and delicious foods. I hope to celebrate Nowruz with my family every year for as long as I live.
