The Chinese New Year In the end of a year according to lunar calendar it comes the most important holiday the Chinese New Year for all the Chinese. It usually starts from the last day of a year and continues until the fifth day of a new one. The Chinese New Year is the longest holiday in a year. On Chinese New Year people gather with families go to the temple to pray for the whole year's safety and health and treasure the rest of the vacation to do whatever they want. First on Chinese New Year's Eve everyone goes home to gather with families. It is a very important time for family reunions. People are busy at decorating the house with Spring Festival couplets and all kinds of red stuff to welcome a new year and symbolize the lucky for the whole year. When the night comes the whole families sit around the table and enjoy a really big meal including a hot pot with a lot of seafood or anything that the family members like fishes and other luxury dishes. After the big dinner the families enjoy some entertainment together like playing poker dice or just having a nice talk with each other. People often call friends or text them in this time to give blessing in the beginning of a new year. Then when the first day of a year comes people usually go to the temple to pray for the safety and health of the families in the coming whole year. After that people start to visit relatives to give them blessing. Next on the second day of a year it is a traditional day that every married woman will bring her husband and children to come back to her parents' home. Every married woman looks forward to this day so much. Finally form the third day until the fifth day of the year people always treasure the vacation time to do whatever they want such as traveling to a destination hanging out with friends to enjoy a nice food or just having a comfortable time at home. It is the most relaxing period during the Chinese New Year. Working people especially like these days. In conclusion the Chinese New Year's Eve and the first two days are the time for the families to be gathering and giving blessing to someone important. After that people can spend the rest time at whatever they want. Because of the Chinese New Year we are able to reserve lots of traditions and cultures of our race and have a nice vacation at the same time.
