Name 10 13 10 W4 Process Essay Eid celebration. Saudi Arabia culture has a lot of traditions. One of them is the celebration of the day. This day called Eid alfater. This special holiday at all the Muslims after one month called Ramadan. There are many traditional aspects relevant Eid in Saudi Arabia culture such as buy a lot of things like clothes prepare house and celebrate by make a small party with familly. First before Eid the people buy attracting things for Eid. They buy some decorate for home such as balloons candles and bright lights. Buying this stuff makses this day mans ultimate. In addition they buy new clothes for that day is espacial. Because this day passes only once in the year this makes it especial day and the people prefer to wear new clothes. Also they buy a small gift for children like small toy buy it for children makes this especial for them. That allows them the opportunity to play together and this makes them more joy and pleasure. Next at night the people prepare home for Eid. They arrange decorate in the living room that gives an atmosphere appropriate to make a small party. Moreover they make some sweet like candy. They arrange food table by put some fruit cake candy the sweet and some drink. Furthermore they prepare money for give it to children by they went to the bank and change big money to small . Finally the people celebrate Eid. It separate to four parts. In the morning the people wear new clothes that makes them more pleasure. In addition they go to the mosque and do special pray. Then the prayer is generally short and is followed by a sermon. They give children money and gift when come back to home that makes children happy. Then they sit together around the food table. Also they eat drink talk and say jokes. At noon the family cooperates to cook traditional food. This food calls Kabsa it is rice and chicken or meat. It can makes this dish in any time of year but in this day it has a taste various and special because all the family to society to makes it. Furthermore they make feast for eat food by brusing carpets on the ground and the placed it a few dishes of food to be big and sporadic for each other. The family sits down to eats food and eats by hand. In the afternoon the people visit friends. Also they go outside to big festival for fun. In this festival people can play games or watch the races or restrict plays theater and eat some snack like popcorn chips or icecream. In the evening the people go to the restaurant for eat dinner. There was no special dish for dinner. The family can choose any dish or food preferences. Be possible for example pasta pizza steak or brostd. In conclusion Eid demonstrate Saudi Arabia culture. It is a traditional holiday in Saudi Arabia. All Muslims celebrate the Eid it has most observed. Although this holiday requires a lot of buying preparation and follow that celebration. It is a wonderful occasion for to encounter.
