Title Comparing my definition of success with the definition of my friends. Everyone has his or her own definition of success. One can be very different from another. For example some people think money is valuable in their life but other people don't think like that. One of my friends says that her definition of success is to speak English well so she is studying English hard to reach her goal. Another friend says that her definition of success is to be happy in her life. I agree with both of them. If I want to be happy I should try to get everything that I want. I know getting everything that I want can be impossible but I will try to be happy. I have my own definition of success. First my definition of success includes having a healthy body. It means I will be a strong person physically because when I'm a strong person physically I can do everything effectively. For example if I want to study English very hard I can study it more effectively when my body's feeling is the best than when I don't feel well. On the other hand if I don't feel well or I often feel tired I can't study at my best. If I want to get healthy I should exercise regularly and eat healthy food. When I exercise regularly and eat healthy food then I can study and work easily because I'll be active and enthusiastic. I think health is the most important thing in my life. Secondly my family is also important in my life because if my family is happy first then I'll be happy. I think that the way of making my family happy is the same as my success because my family wants me to study hard and do well for my success. So when they hear about the results of my successful goals they will be happy. That's why I should achieve my goals such as my studies and my career. After I will be a strong person I'll study and work very hard and enthusiastically then the results of my studies and my career will come back to me and my family. After I achieve my first goals next time I can do more and more so I will live my life more enthusiastically. As a result my family will be satisfied and be happy.
