Aide Aladha One of the most important days for Muslims is Eide Aladha they consider it as a holyday these holyday actually is not only one day but it consists of three consecutive days. All Muslims around the world celebrate these days depending on their cultures. However there are many common things usually happen in each culture. All of them celebrate Aide Aladha by preparing meeting family and friends and by having fun and entertainment. First People usually start preparing by going to the shops and buying new clothes toys for children and some candy. Most of the people buy sheep they sacrifice them and divide the meet into three equal parts. The family eats one part they give the second part as a gift to friends and neighbors and they give the third part to the poor to let them enjoy the Aide as other people. They do this also because the prophet ANON_NAME_0 did the same thing and advise them to do so. Then early morning of the first day of Aide Aladha Muslims go early morning to the Mosque to pray for the god. They celebrate with other Muslims in the Mosque. Sometimes they have free breakfast in the mosque. After that they go homes and start visiting their relatives. Usually the sons go to their parents and the younger brothers go to their older brothers and sisters. The extended family usually meets in one home. They celebrate and exchange the gifts they eat together the breakfast the lunch and the dinner. Children usually expect to get money from their parents. Most people give gifts to their mothers. They enjoy setting on the coach and talking together. Finally next two days people meet in large groups they rent large places called Esterahate it has swimming pools soccer fields and some large places for setting and making some funny games such as mental games or Competitions and the Winner receives prizes they entertain and have fun times. They have lunch and dinner there. Some people prefer to go to the beach to spend some times there they rent boats and tents they spend some funny days there. The children play soccer the older prefer to play cards or enjoy making barbecue. In conclusion Eide Aladha is one of the most important days for Muslims. They celebrate those days annually. They prepare and celebrate those days differently. First day they visit each other second and third day they go for entertainment. Therefore most Muslims wait for those special days every year to meet their friends and families and to have fun with them.
