The Problem of Educational System in Taiwan It is hard to imagine how our life would be if we did not receive education. In Taiwan most bosses expect their staff to have at least master's degree. In addition most parents want their children to become a doctor lawyer or teacher. Our government tries to satisfy their desires there are many colleges and universities and many teachers in Taiwan. However the instructional quality is bad. Everyone can study in a college if they want. All they have to do is take the college entrance exams. That is a simple test. There are five or six subjects and each subject's score is one hundred points. If you want to study in a university you just had ten points in each subject. However that could be a bad school. Because of the easy examination everybody in Taiwan can go to college. After graduating they think they have bachelor degree and want to find an easy task not like a work of a laborer. If they can't get a good job which has good benefits and salary they will stay at home as a NEET Not in Employment Education or Training. If there are many schools in Taiwan of course there will be a lot of teachers. Twenty years ago many students wanted to study in the teacher college because they can find a job easily after they graduated. As a result of the declining birth rate we no longer need so many teachers. Those teachers had started to create a new work for their own. They founded the cram schools to strengthen the ability of children after school. Besides school assignments they also teach how to play piano paint and dance etc. Those teachers told parents Don't let your children lose at the starting point. They need to learn more and another skill for someday. Students go to a cram school after classes and feel tired. The next day they may catnap and can't concentrate in the class. Finally they did not learn anything well. Too many schools divide the limited resources and funding as a result the government give more subsidies to the school with good research and performances. On the contrary if the schools didn't have any good achievements they have to find the sponsorship by themselves. Consequently they try to attract more students and charge higher tuition fees. But they don't provide a good learning environment they just give a diploma to the student who had ten points in each subject in the college entrance test. We really need to be educated. We need knowledge but not everyone needs a bachelor or master degree. In addition to the knowledge of books we can also learn other skills and acquire a good job. Even the workers also have their professional education they are the teacher in their profession. Perhaps we should let our children learn to respect different walks of life but to have more abilities. Then we don't need so many colleges and they will get more assistance from the government.
