Drugs Addiction In today's world medicine is available in pharmacies. If people are sick they can buy some prescription pills to take. Due to improvement in technology medicines save human beings from fatal diseases. However abusing drugs has become a serious problem. Some drugs such as heroin or amphetamine have lethal ingredients that might kill people. Drugs addiction affects people health increases the crime rate and damages addicts' relationships. Drugs addiction has deep effects on people physical health. Many people think that more medicine makes them healthier. In fact every drug has its dosage and usage. Morphine for instance usually is used to alleviate pain of patients with cancer in clinical medicine. However abusers would appear some side effects such as euphoria dizziness and absent mindedness. If they stop taking morphine they will experience diarrhea insomnia dysphoria and a strong drug craving. Consequently morphine might make they develop physical and psychological dependence. Their health is a great worry. The drugs addiction problem also associated with crime. People who are suffering from this problem will have a strong desire to take more drugs. Usually illicit drugs are very expensive. Most of them haven't enough money to keep supporting their desires therefore they use improper methods to get money. They may steal goods from stores to exchange cash or rob banks. This problem is driving crime around the country. Addicts who are like walking bombs threaten their families and friends. While they are going through withdrawal they may go out of control easily. This leads them to develop violent tendencies to hurt their families and friends. There is a lot of news about abusers hurt their parents since they cannot ask for money from them. They even kill their friends but they don't remember when they lose their minds. Drugs addiction causes many problems among influencing people physically and mentally increasing crime and damaging abusers' relationships. Medicine can save people or kill people that depends on how we use medicine. We should put more focus on drugs addiction problems.
