SELECT A MAJOR selecting your future major is a huge commitment Most students realize how important this step is For example The name you will be given . Such as Doctor Pilot etc the money you can make from the job you may obtain after the graduation And the work atmosphere you may experience because of all of these issues you should think extensively about many subjects which may match you with your appropriate major such as Fitting with the university requirement Believing or not in that major And the work atmosphere which you may experience . First Because the university system usually has specific standers to chose the appropriate candidate for every major Your file as an applicant should meet the university requirements . For example The transcript which you will provide should meet at least the minimal score required for that major You should pass the interview if required which may be arranged to check your background motivation and capability to finish the program. Other non specific requirement such as TOEFL GRE Or GMAT may be required And meeting these requirements is in many cases the most important step toward choosing the major. Second Think about wither the major fits with your real ability and desire for example if you about to choose the medical college because your science grades are high Then think again and don't choose this major unless it reflects your real desire For example Ask your self these question Do I like to help reducing patients' pain Doing surgery Having a lot of on calls if yes Or choose another major reflecting your real desire For example Engineering college if you like math Art college if you like drawing and always remember this your desire is involved as much as your ability in order to succeed in the major . Third Think about the expectable job's atmosphere you may experience or obtain from this specific major. For example If you want to be a doctor and your grades fit with this major But you have phobia of blood Then ask your self Does this major fit me Further more If you don't like teaching Is it good idea to apply to educational college Remember that choosing major is choosing a job So if you are not comfortable with the job which may be provided by that specific major then Simply don't choose this major in the first place. Finally Selecting a major is very hard and important job that most academic persons must do . And because of fitting with the university requirement Believing in that major And wither the work atmosphere fits you are critical points you should deeply think about. And because selecting a major is for the most of the people selecting a job and future which come from that job.
