Quality of life The human life is held in the community so our life's problems are also social issues. During of our life we are trying to get answers to many questions what is meaning of life what is happiness I think social issue quality of life shows the general well being and satisfaction from life for each person in the society. The term quality of life includes a lot of different aspects of the human life for instance well being health and social life. The important part of quality of life is the material well being of a person. Each person wants to get an educational achievement that will affect on his her employment income and even wealth. If you cannot gain basic human needs such as food water home safety you cannot be satisfied with your life in general. For example poverty is defined as a low quality of life at the same time high level your income cannot guarantee you high level of your quality of life. The concept of health of the term quality of life includes physical and mental health recreation and emotional well being. Moreover problems of getting recreation directly connected with environmental quality issues. For instance emotional well being is one of the important aspects of personal well being. If you are feeling constant stress sadness and anxiety you cannot enjoy your life even when you have enough money. Conversely if you feel emotional satisfaction joy and have a positive outlook you can achieve your goals. The social life also directly relates to the quality of life. Your family friends coworkers are people who are relevant to your social environment. At the same time these are people who always help you to solve difficult problems in your life and provide emotional support and respect your opinions and decisions. Your social status plays important role in the community life and makes achievement of your personal goals easier or harder. I think social life can determine the level of the quality of life in some case when two societies have similar standards of living. A person cannot be happy if he she does not get their cultural communicative and spiritual needs. Thus it is hard to measure human happiness but we can assess the general criterions of human well being. Of course the term quality of life is very broad and complex. It frequently includes many other important aspects of human life such as freedom human rights etc. I think understanding of the term quality of life can help us to find different ways to make us happier.
