Effects of Smoking Smoking has a lot of effects that can cause problems to the smoker. It affects the smoker's health and it affects the people around him. People who smoke are causing serious problems and diseases to themselves such as lung cancer and heart disease. Also smoking cause a lot of social problems in his life. More than that smoking damages our environment. Smoking cause many problems for your health. It raises the human blood pressure and cholesterol. The worst things in smoking that it can cause many harm disease for instance cancer cataracts and other serious problems. In addition smokers are more likely to have gray hair and increases hair loss. Smoking makes a smoker behaves older than he she really is. Smoking can cause many risks and pain for the smoker. Also the smoker addicts this bad chemical in the cigarette tobacco . Smoking also makes users stressful and it decreases their understanding. Smokers do not just hurt themselves but they also hurt the people who love them. Children can be affected by parents to smoke in the future as a result they will think that smoking is a regular habit. However smokers get nerves if they are not smoking. Therefore the smoker's behavior becomes very stressful and angry. In addition the smoker might spend a huge amount of money on cigarettes so it will lower his her monthly salary as a result of that parents neglected their family support. Smoking is bad for the earth. It is very obvious that smoking pollutes the air that we breathe also the water that we drink. Cigarettes contain more than 4000 chemicals which damage our land whenever a cigarette is being smoked. One of the bad aspect is growing this killing chemical tobacco on this land that we live in. Also cigarettes make number one of cause of forest and home fires. Finally Smoking has bad influence on the smoker's health social life and on our environment. Each smoker must think carefully about what he is doing to his her and our life. This poison will kill hem her sooner or later. ANON_NAME_0
