The Declining Birth Rate In Japan The declining birth rate is a very serious social problem in Japan. There are many causes of this problem. For example high medical expenses for giving birth difficulty to go on working while having children for women and marriage age is increasing. Because of this problem Japan has many different kinds of effects. There are increasing taxes discussion about immigration and the number of people who have a special ability will decrease. If many people think and talk more seriously this will improve the situation. One of the problems is our tax may increase. We have to pay tax in Japan and those taxes go to old people who can not work. And when we become older we also can get back money. But now the birth rate is declining so when we get older maybe we can't get tax returns. The population of old people will increase and the number of young people will decrease. There is also serious discussion about accepting immigrants. America and England often accept immigrants. There are not many immigrants in Japan but recently the government has had discussions about this. Because if the declining birth rate gets worse Japan may need more young people to work from other countries. The Japanese government cannot decide whether this will really fix this problem and is worried about racism from Japanese people. As this problem gets worse the number of people who have a special ability will decrease. Japan has a lot of traditional cultures and it is very important to pass down our own culture to new generations. For example there is Sumo. This is a very traditional and national sport in Japan. It has a long history but by declining birth rate the number of people who want to play this sport are decreasing. In Japan the declining birth rate is a big problem and this problem will cause tax increases discussion about accepting immigrants and the decreasing of the number of people who have a special ability. It is very important to think and talk to improve this problem.
