The book The Friends Author Rosa Guy Character Phyllisia and her family Calvin her father Edith Miss Jackson the teacher Beulah Miss lass Phyllisia didn't lay Edith because Edith was coming to school with her clothes unpressed however there were many children with messy clothes who Phyllisia did not like them. Many of them I was afraid because they were so tough and they did not have to sit right gangway form me. Edith came lately to classroom in morning resulting to stop the teacher on her humdrum sentence with a hate face that Edith never saw. But Edith wan care and she was popping bubble gum on her teeth. The teacher's voice rose sharply if you had an honor to come to class you should at least be prepared to come . Her words effected on the student more then on Edith. Then she leaned across the aisle and said to me hi ya doin I pulled myself to my seat made a little movement and I gave my attention to blackboard. She ignored my reaction she always try to be my friend if I agree or not. Form when my father sent me and my sister to this school. Harmlem New York it was the first warm day that I did not want to go to school but there was no option. The school was just one block from my home. When I entered that classroom I knew that I shouldn't have to come because I was afraid form the students they were never like my. They offended to me by calling me monkey and laughing on my Indian accent. Sometimes they waited after school to tease me and following me many blocks. But it had been cold and they didn't wait after school. One time my eyes looked to Beulah she was sitting on the next room across to me. But she was a tough person she was hated me for several reason. After that Edith came to me and told me lets go to somewhere out school and she had some money but I didn't want to go with dirty girl and I didn't want to Calvin to see me out of school and would happened to me Calvin is my father and I said that because he sent us to this school. Miss lass was asked question to me and she was using me as an example or target to also she was afraid and keep her form children by using me.
