Margot starred at them as if she was thanking them for letting her out. Her eyes were full of mixed feelings one cannot tell if she was happy to get out or wished to stay in forever perhaps not be in that dark world. Is it time she asked her voice so discreet her peers barely heard her. It's over nerdy shouted William that is it idiot you missed it Margot looked away as if someone was whispering in hear tiny ears eyes closed and soul isolated from the surroundings. She was almost a sleep she couldn't hear anyone else but the sound of that whisperer. It's coming I can feel it said Margot her eyes disparately begging for attention. Huh dream as you want. You will not see no anything said William. We are sorry Margot but you missed it said one of them putting her hands on Margot's cold shoulder. Margot couldn't feel a thing she was in her own world. She walked ecstatically to the underground hallway as if she was walking in her sleep. She stopped by the door and turned back looking in their eyes as if she was looking and talking to their souls and desperately called them come on its time you are going to miss it its time its time . Leave her alone she is crazy yelled William turning back on them thinking they will follow him just because he said so. Look look shouted one of the girls. Margot was laughing and giggling hysterically with tear drops struggling to stay in her eyes. Why don't you believe me I can feel it I know it's coming it will happen in vein she tries to convince them. Go call the teacher said one the girls thinking that Margot has lost her mind. Margot closed her eyes again in a moment of silence her body and hands shivering like a bare body in a cold storm. Haaa listen shouted one of the girls The sound of the rain was slowly decreasing like a departing train ranging down the hills strong thunder stroke again and again as if it was trying to get the kids attention. Suddenly the whole place went silent again nothing but the gentle air in and out the little kids chests and the cacophonous sound of Margot's body shivering and her mouth mumbling of strange meaningless words. It's time let's go out said Margot. With a happy smile and a helpless look deep in their eyes. OK OK whiny shouted William coming back from the end of the hallway. They approached the door carefully sticking their ears on it to snip on the outside. Nothing they can hear. It was so quite. One of them opened the door slowly as if they were scared of what was behind that door. Slowly opened a little space just enough for a breeze of air to come from outside. Her hair was moving gently over her forehead a warm gentle breeze of air washed the doubtful look from her face. He eyes widened and surprisingly looking at the rest of the group. A yellow line entered the hallway from that space. Margot was feeling that line on her body on her hair and soul. She was like a dead brought back to life. Colors back to her eyes and a smile finally found a way to her face her eyes were sparking with life again. And her face was so lovely her peers could hardly recognize her. I told you so said Margot with a happy loud tone he peers heard for the first time. Opened the door and the sun was out again.
