Wes Increasing Unemployment These days one of the severe social problems in Korea is that young people can't find their job they want. There are so many unemployed people who are young and whose ages are from 24 to 29 in Korea. Approximately the figure of those is 1 200 000. The government has difficulty solving these problems because there are sources increasing unemployment. The youth don't want to enter the company which is difficult dangerous and dirty. We used to call the job young people don't want to work as the '3D job'. The reason of what they don't want to be member of '3D job' is that they wouldn't prefer to work in the company that makes them feel tough comparing with their wage. They want to work in the companies that give money to them satisfactorily don't let them spend much time working and have clean conditions if necessary. A few companies can attract the candidates because these factors are due to centralizing the company in which youths really want to work. In the end a lot of youths can't work in companies they want with exception of a small number of young people. Recession in Korea prevents youths from becoming a member of a firm. The stagnated market results in unemployment. Anywhere in the world a dull market has bad effects on the youths entering the company. Industrial companies in Korea also have been stagnated over the past 5 years. That is why companies in Korea can't take the responsibility for a lot of young people. The awe about failing to enter the company causes what young people can't apply for the companies. To demonstrate some students in my university dislike becoming a member of a firm as a reason that they prepare for applying the graduate school. However according to the research they are studying their major more after graduating their course because most students don't want to be unsuccessful in entering the firm. There are so many reasons about the increasing the number of unemployed young people. First reason is that they don't want to work in the companies they dislike. Second stagnated economy in Korea makes them lose the opportunity to become a member of firm. Final the fear they have disturbs what they apply to the companies.
