There are different opinions concerning happiness. Some people might argue that happiness depends on wealth success and honor. However contrary to this opinon it seems clear that valuing life brings much more happiness such as a good health overcoming difficulties and volunteering. To begin with good health is a necessary condition for happiness. The fundamental reason is that exercising in a gym can improve physical strength and it may teach patience. So these can satisfy themselves and make them look good. From my experience I was overweight 2 years ago. I suffered from a lack of confidence and was afraid of going outside because of stares. My families and friends encoutaged me and I exercising in a gym everday thus I could lose 10 pounds. After that I could meet a number of friends and get a new job. It was a hapiness in my life. Moreover overcoming difficulties can make people have a positive and open mind . These have a beneficial effect on spiritual well being. For example by 2000 my father had failed in business. Nevertheless he was not discouraged with the situation. He thought it would be okay. And he analyzed the cause of the failure and considered the matter from various angles. Eventually he has suceeded in business. He always tells that Don't give up and try your best. For me. Finallym volunteering for poor people or persons who need help has psychological benefits. An important reason is that doing volunteer work cannot earn them money. But they are able to meet many people and amuse them so they can feel happy. From my experience when I was a freshman my friend lead me to a volunteer prongrame. At that time I was not interested in volunteering and I thought that it was a waste of my time. Actually it was very hard and wore me out. After volunteering however I was satisfied with myself and felt happier than before. In conclusion without any doubt I strongly believe that valuing life brings much more happiness. The reason is that good health a positive mind and volunteering promote people to be happy. All in all I believe that these are the most important factors for happiness.
