According to the federal government's National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that 85 percent of 20 year old Americans acknowledged that they had used alcohol. Furthermore two out of five reported that they had binged. Alex Johnson 12 . Some experts said the legal drinking age of 21 is not a perfect law. It can not prevent some young people to control themselves to over drinking. After watching 60 minutes VCR about An US college student trying to drink himself to death with bemusement rather than the enthusiasm many adults still endorse the law because they are very afraid of their children to go extreme. It is a fact that alcohol education starts at home and parents are the first line of education to teach and monitor their kids to get rid of alcohol when they are under age of 21. In addition the case of Jenna W. Bush who is one of President Bush's daughters astonished the whole united state and the world. It evokes people to think more about whether parents or the law of the legal drinking age could lead young people to set a positive realization of the use of alcohol. The legal drinking age varies around the world. For example in Europe manycountries allow kids to drink within home and the average age of legal drinking age if from 16 to 18. In Denmark there is no drinking age only a purchase age. Traditionally Young people are privately to drink alcohol after confirmation. In Germany the drinking age is 16 and 18 for distill 14 together with parents . Although many people think lower the drinking age will lead many abuse of alcohol and violent behavior lower the drinking age could also solve these social problems very well. A higher minimum legal drinking age is effective in preventing alcohol related deaths and injuries among youth. Regarding Europeans and alcohol use among youth drinking and driving among youth may not be as great a problem in Europe Wagenaar 1993 . Therefore In the United States the drinking age should be lowered from the current age of 21 to 18.
