Three Factors That Influence Me to Choose A Place to Live Many factors affect people to decide a place to live. When people want to settle down most of them hope that they can find a place feel like home which gives them a feeling of relaxation and rest. What reasons will influence people's choice For me there are three factors that influence me a lot to choose a place to live safeness transportation and space. Living in a safe environment is the most basic and important factor when I choose a place to live. Everyone wants to feel free and comfortable to walk on the street I am no exception. That means I don't have to worry about someone will harm me or rob something one day. I have a friend who is from South America told me his experience While he was talking with his friend on the phone near home a man passed by took his cellular phone away and ran away. His relative came to visit him by taxi and had been kidnapped later. Luckily his relative escaped from kidnappers. It is hard for me to imagine this situation when he described what had happened to him is very common in his country. Take Songshan District of Taipei City for example this is a place where I used to live. I can enjoy going shopping or walking around the night market to taste traditional food and conventional game at night. I scarcely heard something occurred in the past. I have been taking public transportation for many years. Public transportation is always my initial choice when I was in Taipei. It makes me very convenient because the price is reasonable and most buses back and forth frequently. Every time I go to a place I know that I have at least two choices take a bus or mass rapid transit. All I need to do is key in my direction on transportation website and then it shows which station I should get on and get off. In addition it costs fifteen minutes from my house to train station and twenty minutes to an airport. In my point of view living in a good location with nice transportation is a wonderful thing so I can go out at any time and any moment. I believe it is good for a person's health if there is a spacious space to exercise. Try to think if people resides at a small and crowded place how do they feel I think it makes people stressful. I prefer to live in a city rather than live in a country however there are fewer space to exercise in a city. If there is a broad space like green field gym or exercise center to take a walk do some sports and calm down it will help people to release pressure. Although Pittsburgh is a busy city I don't have a sense of anxiety and oppression because it has a broad living space. The scene is so familiar to me people lie on the grass to read books play various games on the ground or sit on the bench to eat food. Unlike Taipei city it drives me nervous and tired because of narrow street and tall buildings. People are like a non stop machine quickly pace and disquiet face. Finding an appropriate place to live is not so easy but what I really care are the three main items. Safeness stands for freedom from fear transportation gives me freedom for moving and spacious space relieves my pressure.
