Economic crisis This economic crisis has been a big issue in the last few years. The media was talking all the people were watching and the whole world was worried. The problem was a big issue that affected the whole world and no one could solve it. It has been almost three years and most of the countries that had this great depression are just recovering from its financial damages. What we have seen from the media and what the newspapers have written about this problem they considered three causes for this problem. These problems are the massive number for unemployed people around the world the extreme increase in products of the global markets and the rise of life expenses. Many causes have been suggested with varying weight assigned by experts to eliminate the huge unemployed number but unfortunately they didn't find any useful way to minimize it. However after the economic crisis the problem became bigger as a simple effect for this incident. People are losing their jobs because companies are not able to afford salaries or even making money for itself. What happened is that they started releasing employers in large quantities. At that time income wasn't enough to keep the companies stable. Technology is developing every year and materials needed require a lot of money to produce the products for the consumers. Therefore companies are increasing the prices for their products and the simplest is the increase of the products price that makes people not afford it. Finally life expenses came as a knockout to make the situation worse than it was before. Economical cities are in need of this increase in order to organize and minimize the use of the public services in particular places but the average cities are having a serious affliction from this life character. For example buying products from such a big city will cost a higher tax and might be a high price as well. That's one of the reasons that pushed people to live in the suburbs to afford money to use in big cities. This topic was and will stay a big discussion for the world. Countries who were involved will try to not to have it again. In the other hand countries that survived will be more careful to avoid such an experience. In fact the world is still suffering from the dramatic number for the unemployed people. Still having unstable price rang and taxes and the most can't afford his monthly payment with out bank supporting to life a simple humble life.
