Reading can make people beautiful. In her essay. Of course reading had so many good effects on us which not only made our life more colorful and meaningful but also made us wiser and more beautiful. As a child I liked reading picture story book called Small person book in China and these reading gave me many good memories of childhood. When I went to the middle school I sI'm no longer blind to reading but I try to focus on my favorite readings that are as follows. The most favorite reading is biography. Biography is information about one's life especially some famous or special persons. In most of biographies writers use interesting but real facts to explain as much about characters as they can. At first these books have affected me in my choosing my major. One thing I kept in my mind is that I dreamed to be a geologist when I read a story about a woman geologist who's the first female scientist deep into the heart of Antarctica in the world. Moreover through these books I could learn more things from these great people in many aspects so it's significant for me to read biography. For example when I read some stories of scientists such as the first lady of Chinese physics Jianxiong ANON_NAME_0 called The Orient Madam Curie I knew that any success required hard working. Lastly I learned the spirit of never giving up whenever facing any frustration. For example I have read the books about famous violinist Sicong Ma China's father of the atomic bomb Jiaxian Deng and world famous Chinese mathematician Jingrun ANON_NAME_1. They all have gone through all kinds of hardships and then obtained great achievements. You know Sicong Ma's great musical composition Homesickness fully described his sadness and yearning feeling of his homeland but he is famous now. As a result of reading biography I became mature and optimistic. The second favorite reading is novel. Even novel is fictitious it is based on but higher than the reality! To some extent I think that novel is a little like biography. Thus I also like novel. Zhen ANON_NAME_1 which tells about a Chinese hero named Zhen ANON_NAME_1 is the first novel I have read. It was obvious that I understood the feeling of justice and patriotism. Afterwards I started dipping into foreign novels. The first foreign novel I have read is Wuthering heights. At that time I was absorbed in romantic atmosphere and almost finished it in one breath. I appreciated their spirits not giving up to their destiny and trying to acquire their happiness. Uncle Tom's Cabin Gone with the wind and Pride and Prejudice are all my favorite novels. These novels had different influence over me and I learned that we needed some romance and should work hard to realize our dream in the real world yet. Poem is the least favorite reading. Zedong Mao Zhaoxing Li and Wanying Xie are all my favorite poets. Firstly Zedong Mao is not only politician theorist and communist leader but also poet. His poems are full of heroism romanticism and optimism. Just to be identical to his leadership his poem sounds magnanimous forceful and vigorous. Here are some excerpts. I ask on this boundless land. Who rules over man's destiny This land is so rich in beauty. Has made countless heroes bow in homage. Where there is a will there is a way. Ten thousand years are too long. Seize the day seize the hour! Reading these poems would make me feel energetic and self confident. Secondly Zhaoxing Li who is a diplomatist and poet write many poems full of philosophy. I like his Youth China beautiful and deep meaningful. In fact all his poems are based on his true experiences with well worded language which made his poem excellent and powerful. I like his poems and the feeling full of philosophy. Lastly Wanying Xie her written name Ice core is more familiar than his real name to us enjoyed the title of super centenarian . Her poems have three subjects maternal love naivety of child and nature which are all real but beautiful. And her poems feature philosophy of love. In my eyes her longevity is just because of her generosity and love of this world. Her poems make you peaceful. In one word I appreciate their integrity as well as love their works. In summary as the saying goes One sows and another reaps . I benefited more from others experiences by reading without question. Most important of all if you concentrated on the reading you preferred you would get the biggest profits. Therefore I love selective reading some books including biography novel and poem which made me more intelligent knowledgeable and beautiful in my deep heart. I think that reading will still play a key role in my life in the future.
