How to Learn English When I was twelve years old I began to learn English. I have studied English for more than ten years and still found that I cannot speak it correctly and fluently. I think learning English is a very important part of my live because if I am able to speak English fluent I will acquire a good job and also I can continue my study in master degree. Learning English takes a lot of times but the question is how to learn English efficiently and in which way English can be used properly. The best way learning English is communicate with people who speak English. English environment is very important for learning English. Traveling to countries that people speak English there such as the United States British or Australia it gives you an excellent opportunity to practice. Learning English must be practiced continuously. From example if you want to communicate with people who speak English outside you must be speaking English. In my opinion that will assist you to develop your speaking and listening. Furthermore having a friend who is native English speak is a good idea. The best next way learning English is attending to English school. Taking English course is another way to enhance my English skills. The English school can help you to know basics English such as grammar listening speaking and writing But If you don't have practice that will not help you considerably. From exmple When students learn how to use computer by read books they can not perfect in it without everyday practice. Many things in our life require practice and own experience. I remembered I had English class every day when was in saudi Arabia. When I came to the U. S I felt hardly to talk English with anyone because I didn't have any speaking practice in Saudi Arabia. But is better to have fundamentals English before you come the U. S. That will help you to improve your English language faster. The slowest way to learn English is watch english TV programs. Television is great for learning English. Learning English by watching a movie is fun and when you are relaxed you will likely learn more than when sitting in your classroom. A movie provides you with a lot of input that helps you improve your language competence such as improve your listening and your vocabulary. A movie shows you how native English speakers actually interact with each other There are a lot of ways to express things and from a movie you might find a different way of saying something other than what you already know. You can learn more about the background or situation and what kind of tone the people use in the situation. When you watch a moive or any English program on television you have to practice that. In conclusion I think that the combination of these ways will give the best results. However there is no doubt that personal experience is priceless and irreplaceable because it gives the great opportunity to analyze one's mistakes make conclusions and avoid them next time. So in my case I try to learn thing by doing them if it is possible and if it is not then I use other ways to lean them.
