There are many grocery stores in Pittsburgh. I usually go to a grocery store every weekend. Whenever I go to a grocery store I always consider where the best place is. My favorite grocery stores are Trader Joe's Costco and Whole foods. All these grocery stores have strength and weakness in different ways. Therefore I am going to consider where the best place through efficiency price and accessibility is. The first my favorite grocery store is Trader Joe's. I can buy fresh daily foods such as vegetables fruits and milk products as a small portion when I am in Trader Joe's. Furthermore the store has various options for frozen foods such as seafood beans and cooked dishes without artificial flavors. The sections that I look for are very close to each others so I am able to get products easily. Also price is relatively cheaper than other stores whole foods and Costco. Moreover the place on Trader Joe's is close to my apartment it takes only few minute from my apartment by my car. The second my favorite grocery store is Costco. Costco can sell everything that included daily goods industrial stuff and clothing by the bundle. When I go to Costco I have to buy a bulk of products even if I do not use those right now. Also the sections of products are broad enough. Although the store has a variety of goods and so there is a wide choice of selections looking for products is not easy and taking time for fining them. However the price of product when I calculate it individually is really cheap but Costco only offers a large quantity of goods without various options eventually I spend amount of money. After shopping I feel like I spend more than I expect. Also I must join the Costco membership club because they only provide for members. They charge about 50 for an annual fee for membership. Moreover the place of Costco takes around 30 minutes from my apartment by my car. The third my favorite grocery store is Whole foods. Whole foods market provides fresh organic groceries as a small quantity. There are very good milk products meats and takeout dishes with various options. The foods are almost organic so I can accept the quality of them. The sections of products are very neat and well organized so I easy to find something that I look for. However the price is quite expensive in spite of small portion. Whole foods market takes only few minute from my apartment by walk so easy to access there. In conclusion above I mention considering of efficiency price and accessibility Trader Joe's is the best grocery store in Pittsburgh for me because of their value of products price and distance from my apartment. You can buy a small portion of fresh daily foods with cheap price there.
