The most popular attractions in Pittsburgh Want to get away Pittsburgh the steel city is a good place to visit. There are many interesting attractions in Pittsburgh. If you just have a few time to visit Pittsburgh there are three most popular attractions you should not miss. There are Mount Washington the Strip District and Andy Warhol Museum. The top 1 attraction in Pittsburgh is Mount Washington. In Mount Washington you will have the best views of downtown Pittsburgh. Furthermore it is a lot of fun to take the Duquesne incline to get there. The historic Duquesne incline a hillside cable car was built to carry cargo originally and carry commuters lately up and down Mount Washington from 1870s. The Duquesne incline's upper station is also a small museum of Pittsburgh history it exhibits old photos and information about Pittsburgh and inclines. While you are up Mount Washington you will see a magnificent view of Pittsburgh's Golden Triangle where the Allegheny and Monongahela meet and become to the Ohio River. The second most popular attraction is the Strip District. There are many ethnic food groceries antique dealers and unique stores in the Strip District. Also you can find international food stands that serve Italian sausages Korean pancakes and Middle East kebabs. Especially on the weekends the Strip District becomes more active when sidewalk vendors are selling Pittsburgh souvenirs flowers handmade soaps and other interesting stuff and many people are sitting outside and enjoying a drink. In the Strip District you will find something interesting almost everywhere. The third most popular attraction is Andy Warhol Museum. The museum housed in a former mattress factory is dedicated to room size art installations. Although the museum is small it has massive collection includes more than 4 000 works of art by Warhol like paintings drawings prints photographs films and videos. There is no better way to learn Andy Warhol by visiting Andy Warhol Museum. Pittsburgh is a wonderful city there are great restaurants excellent shopping and prestigious museums. Definitely there are many good places worth to visit. But if you don't have enough time the three most popular attractions Mount Washington the Strip District and Andy Warhol Museum is the best choice for you to visit.
