My edication Challenge I you are the first person who achieves higher education in your family it is a little bit challenging. I am an example I am the only one who has a graduate diploma in my family. My mom amd dad are not very well educated so they admire educatecd people. Because my high education was so important to them I tried harder. However it was still very difficult for me. I had to go through many issues during my education life by myself since I was the first person to have high education. I have an older sister but she didn t study at university. This is not because she didn t have an opportunity it was her choice. Now she works for a makeup company. I graduated from one of the best engineering schools in my country and became a civil engineer. Of course it was really hard to achieve this goal because I had nobody to show me the way. It took more time and effort than my classmates because most of them had educated parents to guide them in selecting a major or selecting classes or even choices about the colleges. However I made many mistakes throughout my university career. I quit and worked for a while because at that time I thought that education was useless. However after some time I realized that this was a mistake so I turned back to school and had to work harder because I was behind my classmates. This nightmare forced me try harder and spend much time becoming an engineer. Lastly my parents expect me to have a good job and and better life. They work and provide money for my needs until I can find a good job and take care of myself. The only thing they want is to see that their children get the good education they have always wanted but couldn t get. This circumstance makes me feel responsible for not only myself but also for them. I have a younger brother who is 10 years old and I think he is luckier than me because he has an experianced brother. Finally I feel victorious because I challenged sticked with it never gave up and won as a result I am an engineer.
