My Talents And Skills For My job Everybody has many skills to improve his job the skills are different between each person. If you want to develop your talents and skills you have to know what talents and skills you have. For me I have some of skills that are help me in my job such as a good communication skills reliability and ability to analysis problems and solving. The first skill for me is a good communication skill. The communication skill is most important for any person to need a job and well that distinguishes one individual from another in work. For me I have ability to understand and spoke the languages for which the department is working for example I worked at BRH Company and we had a lot of worked. Everyday we had many businessmen came to the company and I talked with them to made a business. My manager told me you made Increased our profits to the top what are you doing with the businessmen I told him I listen to them and I understand what they want after that I choose a good deal to win them. The second skill for me is reliability. I have able to reliability and I have self confidence. These are made me feeling comfort about myself and were main factor in my success at job. This ability makes me to set goals and priorities in work and personal life. For example my first job was with BRH Company they told me your job is external auditor. Actually I did not have previous experience for this job but I challenged myself to improve my ability to do it. After one year I got an upgrade to audit director. That was made me more reliability for my job. The third skill for me is ability to analysis problems and solving. The first question when I have a problem is how to analysis it I have advice for my father is do not make any thing hard just make it simple. This advice I heard it again for my teacher ANON_NAME_0 . It is the most important to analysis any problem make its simple. I had many problems when I had a job but I solutions every problem I found it because I tried to used different methods such as thinking and I used a lot of resources to acquire my solve the problem and I chose the best solution among the alternatives. In conclusion you know about the talents and skills are not an easy process. For me I discovered that I have a good communication skills reliability and ability to analysis problems and solving. These things help me to succeed in my career. I highly recommend you have to know about your talents and skills because they give you many advantages for your job in the future and develop it. BRH Certified Public Accountants .
