How do I be successful in my job Everyone has talents or skills. This skills or talents are different from person to another. You have abilities I don't have it and I am able to do something you may can or cannot do it . The important thing is how to use your talents or your skills to be successful in your job. I am a physical therapist the most important skills that make me successful in my job are working hard patience and trying to get a good results. First the most important thing makes me successful in my job is hard work. Working hard depend on how much I love my job. Because I love my job I don't like to absent. And I go to work early. As a result of these I can see more numbers of patients. This will increase my experience and improve my skills. All of previous things helped me to be a successful in my job. The second important ability that make me successful in my job is patience. Working as physical therapist needs easy going person. Because I am easy going with my patients I have a good relationship with them . Why should I be patient with my patients In some cases patient could continue four or five months for recovery and he could feels some pain so If I don't have a good relationship and be patient with him that will affect the recovery duration. Patience is important skill that helps me to be successful after work hard. The third important ability that let me successful is a quality of job results . The quality of job is count on the hard woke and the patience. For example when I work very hard and be very patient with my patient I will get results that I am looking for. Total of the result proves what I am doing in my job A number of patients and number of improved cases . Working hard and being patient encourage me to try to get best result that show up how I am successful as a physical therapist. Working hard being patient and quality of job are things that I have to make doing well in my job . As a result of this Ministry of Health gave me scholarship for study abroad to get master's degree in my field. Thos skills are not difficult and useful for any kind of jobs. If you did it I am sure you will be successful.
