People are worried about losing their jobs becouse they have a bad economy and new technology. Someone who has some skills thst help him to keep on his career. He sould not worried becouse finding another job becomes accessible . For me I have worked teching assisstent since 2008 at Alimam University. I do not worried about lossing my job however I have some skills that make me comfortable. Career success requires talent and skills such as communication skills creative skills and organizational skills. The first most important skills if you work as teaching assisstent is communication skills. These skills help you to communicate with your students coworkers and boss. It helps you to deal with students problems. Also being able to communicate ideas to your students and boss. Inadition that help you to make a good relationships with them. The second most important skills is creative skills. Teacher should be creativety. There are many of creative ways to crate fun for your class. It is useful for your students and it helps them to achive creative thinking. Creative thinking is the kind of thinking that leads to devolop themself. For example I had some students they had trouble with remember. I use mnemoniecs to help students remember their lessons. The third most important skills is organizational skills. Teacher should be orgnized that means he should has a good plan a good strategy and a good methods. He must make a good rules in his class. He can ask students to suggest class rules. They suggest will be similar to those you have in mind. If not you can guide them. Teacher also should be systematized and prepared that help him to explore mistakes early before he comes to class. Inadition he could be exited about what he is doing. These skills help him feel comfortable and he stops thinking about losing his creere. Inshort someone who has all of these skills he is not worried about losing his job. Everybody does not have any of these skills he should devolop onself to has it or he will anxious about settle. Lokking for your coworkers work life you will discover unmistakeble truth who is worried about losing his job and who is not
