A family doctor is a general physician but he is some kind of specialist. I had worked as a general internist for 5 years in Japanese regional hospital and immaturity of primary care in Japan came home to me at that time. In Japan most of people still think of family doctors as doctors who aren't specialized. But family doctors should have some specific skills and abilities which the other doctors don't have. They treat a patient from the cradle to the grave and usually are doctors whom patients meet first. I'd like to classify the skills and talents that I possess that will help me to succeed in a career of family doctor. I classified the skills and abilities by three category medical and social knowledge communication skills and humanity. First wide ranged knowledge is important for family doctors. They should have medical knowledge in many kinds of fields because they should treat patients who has a variety of ages and diseases. I worked as the general physician and had many kind of patients because my hospital was in rural area. I treated patients without regard to organs for example gastric ulcer pneumonia asthma lymphoma stroke pancreatic cancer lupus COPD congestive heart failure liver cirrhosis and so on and I learned many kinds of symptoms and treatments. Broad knowledge of diseases symptoms and treatments helps me to diagnose a right patient's state and to make an appropriate decision. On the other hand knowledge of social system is also important. I met many patients who didn't have money or families who take care of them. Some of them are alcoholic. Someone who was still working had a sudden stroke and his family faced big difficulties. How to help them I couldn't help them by myself. Many people who were working different fields such as social workers and community medical services cooperated me to solve many kind of social problems. That is one of the most important knowledge of a family doctor. Second point is communication skills. Family doctors deal with many kind of people. I treated almost five hundreds patients in my outpatient clinic. They had of course their own characteristic and background. I had to adopt to each of them and sometimes change my diction and attitude because establishing a good rapport with my patient is very important to go on a treatment. I always tried to see their face talk confidentially and listen carefully. Therefore there were no claims in my booth for five years. In addition observation skills are kind of important communication skills. For most of patients a family doctor is a first contact with a doctor. He has to listen patient's complaint and history organize questions take physical examinations and observe the patient's behavior carefully. Good observation skill leads to finding small symptoms and it helps us to figure problems out. I have trained my observation skills but I'd like to practice more. Third humanity is a important aspect of a family doctor. As mentioned above rapport building is a key of a treatment. Characteristic affects the rapport. I am easygoing supportive and patient. I hope patients feel safe in my booth. My sense of humor was sometimes a good seasoning to the communication. These characteristics help me to make a good confidential relationship and to take another distress from a patient. Furthermore strong work ethic is necessary. I usually try to solve the medical problem by patient centered approach not doctor centered or hospital centered. Before treatment I had usually done meetings with patients and their family answered to their question as much as possible and obtained informed consent. It is meaningful not only for patients reassurance but also for doctors protection. In conclusion I have three category of abilities which help me to succeed as a family doctor wide range of knowledge communication skills and humanity. As a matter of course I'm still training my medical skills. My grandfather who was also a doctor usually said that a doctor have to keep on studying during his career. I know my medical skills and experiences are developing so I'd like to keep me modest and aspire to improving myself.
