When I was a child I wished to become a public health physician. What do I need talents and skills to be a good health physician It is always a question in my mind. In my opinion the preparation for an imminent career is one of the significant plans in my life because it is a contributing factor to my success in the future. Knowledge problem solving and interpersonal skills are the necessary elements for a physician working in community. The highest required ability is knowledge including medical awareness doing research and computer skills. Because of importance of curing people it often takes more time and effort to train a health physician. The knowledge of anatomy pharmacy and physiology will help me diagnose with various diseases and give an appropriate treatment. By the cognitive background I can make carry out many researches to find out drugs or medical treatments which are more effective through analyzing data on computer system. Nowadays the knowledge of human body is developing at high speed therefore it is necessary for me to update information and news everyday in order to supplement my academic knowledge at school. The second highest talent required by the public health officer is problem solving. It comprises of quick wittedness and cooperative skills. A duty of these officers is not to help a patient free from the particular disease their duty is to eliminate a pandemic from a community. Due to a spread of an epidemic taking an immediate and precise action is often vital skills for the health officers. Furthermore working individually is impossible to response an epidemic spreading out wide regions. In another world a healthy community is an outcome of effective cooperation between multiple sections including health department local government and others concerned. For example health physicians should go along with a microorganism laboratory a hygiene department as well as the local authority to response the cholera epidemic occurring in a particular community. That is the reason why the teamwork tasks are more highly appreciated than individual tasks while I was studying at school. The third highest demanding ability is interpersonal skills including observation communication and organization. Observant skill helps health officers to discover bad habits existing among local people and then to educate them to establish a new habit which better than previous one. In addition collecting data from community and writing a report are inevitable tasks of a public health office so communicative skills are really helpful. Moreover organization is a special skill to set off the health program as well as to arrange the administration hierarchy in an epidemic. When I was learning at school I took several internships in the community through health promotion programs as well as healthcare projects. They were really useful for me to improve my interpersonal skills. In conclusion the preparation for required skills is an essential process to achieve a personal goal. Knowledge problem solving and interpersonal skills will be decisive elements in my future career however it requires my effort as well as patience to turn well trained skills into personal ability.
