1St draft History is made by person who challenge someone saids. As that word there were so many kinds of challenges in history. Also There are a lot of challenges in the individual life while we are living. What is challenge What do you think challenge is well. . Something dropped in my mind when I hear challenge are change never to give up to try something to be better more than currently life . Sometimes that might be learning English searching a new jop trying something new. From children's pot training to adult's establishing a company we face with a lot of challenge kinds and a lots of challenge even though it is small or big. I am making a small challenge these day. It's too difficult for me to learn English. I was graduated the school already and I have two children to take care of. But I want to do challenge continually even if someone says it's impossible. . Never give up Do something it's seems to be impossible. It's my challenge slogan in pittsburgh. In this page I' d like to introduce one man who lived with challenge mind for his life. That man is the late ANON_NAME_0 Joo Young the supper CEO who established Hyeon ANON_NAME_1 company you know. He is the first man who tried and succeeded at the exportation in Korea. He is the first man who made the K. B. High way it's made for most rapidest period on the world record. He made pony this car was made by pure Korea skill for the first time. When the Olympic community chief role is given to him by a private business man for the first he made Korea be the location which is held the Olympic. He visited N. Korea with 5 hundreds of cows walking through the Panmunjeom in 1989 just in half a centry since was divided into 2 section of S. And N. Korea. The world was looking at that amazing scene through tv. All of those I mentioned were things that were said it's impossible. But he got an impossible thing to be a possible thing and became the person who will be enable to be forgotten in Korea and World. . 4Th draft The life of Challenge History is written by who dreams it amd who challenges it. Someone said. There are a lot of challenges in the individual life while we are living. What is a challenge Some things that come to mind when I hear the word challenge are change never give up something to try for better thing . Sometimes this might be learning English searching for a new jops or trying something new. From a child's potty training to an adult's establishing a company we are faced with a lot of challenges small or big. I'd like to introduce one man who had dreamed and challenged for all his life. That man is the late Joo Young ANON_NAME_0 the CEO who established the Hyeon ANON_NAME_1 company. He was born the son of a poor farmer in the colonial period. He ran away from his home and went to In Chun harbor a bag city near by Seoul. Because he was terribly poor so he wanted to get money. That time was just he was teenager. He worked as a physical labor for a long time from a rice delivery man to a motorcar repairman. Even though he was a physical labor he never threw away his diligence and honesty. People started trusting him and gathered around him. While he was a physical labor he had a lot of barriers. The rice store ended in a failure. Because the store was forced to be closed by the implementation of rice rationing system under the military. As soon as he opened the motorcar repair center a big fire broke out. Even if after becoming a CEO there were a lot of difficulties. However he never gave up. He thought of a creative idea and made a new path where others wouldn't walk . He became the first man who tried and succeeded at exportation from Korea. He made the pony tst maded in Korean car without an advanced nation's technique. He built a lot of the bridges the buildings and the high ways in Korea and Other country. So he led the Korean industry since the Korean war. He set up the Hyeon ANON_NAME_1 shipbuilding which has received the biggest orders in the would now. When he was the vice chief of Olympic Organizing Committee he helped Seoul become the location of the 1988 Olympic Games. In 1989 he visited North Korea with 500 cows to make peace walking through the Panmunjeom. Just half a century since it was divided into South and North Korea for the first time a civilian business man visited the North Korea . The world was watching this amazing scene on television. Some people didn't approve agree with of his plan to export to other country to put up the shipbuilding in a small Korea and to give 500 cows to the rest half of Korea. But he dreamed it and challenge it. At last he made the impossible possible. He died about 6 years ago however he became a person who will not be forgotten in Korea and in the world.
