Foreign language instruction should begin in kindergarten In today's world learning the second language becomes very popular. Most of people want to acquire foreign languages in order to get more opportunities of promotion. Besides there are more and more parents let their children start to study foreign languages when they are young. Parents believe that children will learn the second language well because of their good abilities in learning and good linguistic senses. In Taiwan bilingual kindergartens increase quickly. Many parents let their children go to these schools to learn Chinese and English. These schools use interesting methods to teach kids. For instance children can learn by playing games and watching cartoons. These ways can easily attract children's attention and let them learn with happiness. Moreover according to reports kids who are 4 to 6 years old have higher capabilities of learning due to their energetic cells of brains. Their abilities of memorizing are quicker than adults too. Therefore it is a good timing for children to learn the second language. Preschool children can spontaneously develop linguistic senses. It is the same as we learn our native languages we don't feel learning them is difficult. We acquire our language by listening to others' conversations trying to imitate their sounds and guessing the meanings of what they said. We do not study the grammar of our own languages which we gain without knowing. As a result of foreign language educations of kindergartens can provide children a good environment in learning languages. Some people might think that there would be too many loads for children to learn the second language when they were young. They should enjoy their childhood without pressure. However the purpose of foreign language instructions in preschool does not force kids to acquire professionally linguistic skills. It assists parents in providing children a suitable access to learning. Educators of kindergartens can develop different instructional methods that are based on life. Therefore I believe that it will be interested for kids to learn foreign languages combined with this world and they will not feel pressured. Educating foreign languages since kids' childhood has both bright and dark sides. Parents should carefully observe whether it is good for children or not. Do not let our kindnesses become their loads.
