Industrial development only prevents our environment from destroying Many environmentalists think environmental destruction is caused by developing the industries more and more. Some districts that have been destroyed are relevant to improving the industries. Developing the resident area or golfing area has given a pain to our forests and shrubs. Those situations just have been for our purposes and profits for instance. However with the exception of a couple of examples one thing that is imperative we are often overlooking is that growth of the industries and development can protect us from the damage of destroying nature as well as rather giving the benefits to us. We can often find out that the regulation and the law about environment are different between the developed countries and the developing countries on the media or in the book. Not only control the developed countries the law that is concerned about environment severely but those countries rather invest a lot of money in keeping the environment away from ruin than the developing countries. The developed countries can maintain clean environment because the constant development in those countries makes up the new science and new industry each of which has the ability to deal with environment. Comparing with the past the industries tend to change gradually to new industries which create additional values such as the design of product the reliability of product etc. Specifically industrial development in the past tended to pursue mass produce because manufacturers who didn't think over the environment destruction just wanted to earn money a lot. Nevertheless after industrial development developing industries got people to change their mind. Changed people started producing what they have intended which is immaterial factors that are capable of cutting down the possibility of environmental pollution. Consequently industrial development in the world let us perceive the importance of environment and it helps the environmental sustainability by making effective products Industrial development in the world offers the opportunity to recover the destructed environment. For example purification facility which equipments we should spend much time researching is made by industrial development helps us make the water that have been polluted by factories houses clean. Thus the possibility of preserving environment would get bigger if industries in the world are developed constantly Only in the industries developed are able to preserve our nature as we can see examples in this writing. Over the millions of years our environment has been being improved by the purposes of people. Some people who become worried about destroyed environment often passed up developing environment. Nevertheless developed conditions can rather retain our circumstance better by using new system that is developed for conserving nature. That is what they are overlooking. Therefore we need to develop the environment for our future.
