I believe using technological is harmful and isolates us. However if people believe technological too much it will cause such us writing correctly words and getting place by themselves. There is a problem it was happened in my country. The problem is the person who don't know how to writer words or writing words correctly. Why is it happened the reason is the people use computer too much they don't handwriting. In my country many families have computers and some person has personal computer or laptop. They use computer or laptop to do the work all the times also the children do the similar with parents. Also the Chinese words those is difficult in writing If you want writer beautiful word in your writing you have to training long time. Sometime when we saw some people who can wrote beautiful words in their handwriting we always through why they can write beautiful word in their handwriting why we can't. Now I know. They trained handwriting of long time. When we saw his words he did. Now many people use computer to typ word spelling and choose the correctly words. After long time they will be forgot the word or can't write words correctly. The second is problem that technological give us. This problem is not happened in United States only that I believe. The problem is people who getting correctly place by themselves. Why Because people believe GPS Global Position System too much. They use GPS to help them and to getting correctly place. In many years age in that we haven't GPS people can get new place by themselves because people always watch special things or building which around destinatation but now people don't do it they always turs GPS. I remember one thing happened in Germany. A woman drove her car to new place I think she believe her GPS too much she didn't watch the traffic road when she was driving. So she drove her car to pond. Another problem was happened 3 months age in United States. He is my friend. One day he drove his car to his friend's home that time is he first time to his friend's home so he used GPS when he was driving. The GPS was not help him got his friend's home GPS got his car in woods. After long time he got out the woods. Also the some people don't how to look map paper map. It isn't happened in many years ago. However I believe the technological can help us in somewhere. Like android can help works to finish their job. For example in somewhere have a bomb it is very dangerous so the policy use android to disposal the bomb. So policies don't disposal the bomb by themselves. One another hand sometimes we should found too much information if we go to library we should use much time to look for information the researchers will be too tired. Now we can use computer to got Internet and we can found many information online. So this is very easy and simple.
