My teacher who is teaching us a grammar class asked us to describe our childhood bedroom by using the adjective clauses which I don't understand. Other thing confused me was that I had many childhood bedrooms because my family traveled a lot when I was a child. However when I was trying to refresh my memory I went back to that day 5 years ago when we left our home in the city where we lived in for 9 years. I was 12 years old when my parents decided to leave our hometown which was a beatiful castle city because my father whose job required him to go to very far city didn't want to leave us a lone. The new city which is called' Al joush' was in the mountain that was the most excited part for me however it had a magic atmosphere for me as a child. After 3 hours of travel we finally got our target destination. In our new house which all of us including my little brother liked so much there was a very beatiful room in the upstairs which was mine according to my parents who decided that. My little brother whose room was very small was gealous and he attemped to persuade my mother to let him share that room with me. My mother whom I apprecite her wisdom was a fraid that my brother could fall of the stairs and hurt himself. However I was so glad that I had that lovely bedroom which has a beatiful scence for the mountain from its balcony. Inside the room there was a big bed which made me sleep until a later time. In a corner of my bedroom I created my paintings in weekends. In the balkony I had enjoyed eating cookies and other snakes with my best friend Lobna whom I studied with in my new school. Several years later my father decided to go back our old city which was a chock for me because I loved that place so much and I got used to be with my friends and neighbors whom I had a nice time with. On the morning of that day before we leave I hanged up all the paintings I had painted on the wall of my bedroom. I told my mother that I want to feel that the room will be always mine in my mind and It is until now.
