Foreign language instruction should begin in kindergarten In today's world learning the second language has become very popular. Most people want to acquire foreign languages in order to get more opportunities of promotion. Besides there are more and more parents to let their children start to study foreign languages when they are young. Parents believe that children will learn the second language well because of their good abilities in learning and good linguistic senses. In Taiwan the amounts of bilingual kindergartens increase quickly. Many parents let their children go to bilingual schools to learn Chinese and English. These schools use interesting methods to teach kids. For instance children can learn by playing games and watching cartoons. These ways can easily attract children's attention and let them learn happily. In fact according to reports kids who are four to six years old have higher capabilities of learning due to their energetic brains. Their abilities of memorizing are quicker than adults too. Therefore it is a right time for children to start learning the second language. Preschool children can spontaneously develop linguistic senses. It is the same as we learn our native languages we don't feel learning them is difficult. We acquire our language by listening to others' conversations trying to imitate their sounds and guessing the meanings of what they said. We do not study the grammar of our own language which we gain without knowing. As a result foreign language educations of kindergartens can provide children a good environment in learning languages. Some people might think that there would be too many workloads for children to learn the second language when they were young. They should enjoy their childhood without pressure. However the purpose of foreign language instruction in preschool does not force kids to acquire professional linguistic skills. It assists parents in providing children suitable access to learning. Teachers who are teaching in kindergartens can develop different instructional methods that are based on life. For instance they can take children to a park the zoo or a museum. And use foreign language to let them know plants animals or natural histories. Therefore I believe that it will be interested for kids to learn foreign languages combined with this world and they will not feel pressured. Educating foreign languages from childhood has both bright and dark sides. Parents should carefully decide whether it is good for their children or not. Do not let our kindnesses become their loads.
