My subject is about nursing homes for the elderly. These days nursing homes have became popular and crowded with elderly as a places provide care for these elder. Also in many countries the government pays and provides these places for elderly. Some people argue that because of their busy living life and lack of knowledge how to take care of old person they prefer to keep their parents in nursing homes instead of taking care of them. However I believe taking care of elderly is the responsibility of their children no body else because it is least they can do for them and also to express and represent good example to their children for the future. After all these years of raising a child and taking care of him this is the best time to requite his parents for all of things that they gave him on the past and for the time they spent to raising him and to taking care for him. It does not require a lot of knowledge to give love food compassion or for taking care of them. For example when you are eating dinner with your wife and your kids ask your parent to join your family on the same table and try to feed them from time to time from your spoon as you do to your kids it's simple. Although taking care of your parent is the best way to give a good example for your children and to teach them how to respect their parents every time and any time. The new generation needs to see and understand family values. And this will happen when they see their parents treat their grandparents very well . In addition they will do the same to their parents in the future because they were raised in family teach them a good lesson in environment respect elderly very well. Many people believe that nursing homes treat elder very well and look after them and provide lots of activity for them . However I believe those homes may give every thing for elder but the only thing they can not give as children do for their parents is love. For that children have full responsibility to take care of their parents because it is a good way to preserve what remain from family values and to set good example for the new generation. In addition elderly will be healthy happy and emotionally stable when they stay home between their children and grandchildren much more than when they stay in nursing home. In conclusion keeping elderly in nursing home is one choice but it is not the only or the right choice. It is way to exclude them from their children's life and from their family. To get love back you have to give it now.
