Do you believe that using Technological devices is harmful and isolates us from social life Technological product gives people high quality life but it produces a lot of problems. Using technological devices has become the basic working skill in digital age. Whatever people do they can't leave out technology. People can control everything through technological devices at anytime and anyplace however it also has bad influences on human's life. Technological devices not only decrease opportunity for face to face interaction but harm people in different ways. . Unlike the past people have to go out for doing something to achieve their goal. At the present time it is possible to do everything by using a computer. For example internet provides alternative shopping services with extra deliveries to customers. If someone is not satisfied with prices he or she can compare this site with others by browsing through ANON_NAME_0. On the one hand cyber shopping helps people save time and energy but on the other hand it causes some people to prefer staying at home than going outside because everything can be done on line. Recently internet has become a place where people strike others with words. This behavior deeply hurts some persons. Some victims choose to escape from the society some decide to ask friends parents or teachers for help and others end their lives. The phenomenon is what we called cyber bullying. Cyber bullying is very different from traditional bully because internet is boundless and more quickly. When people type bad messages about someone the others who are relevant to the authors can receive the news in a few minutes. Therefore I think that cyber bullying damages people more than speaking ill behind one's back. In my opinion it is inevitable to use technological device to do everything in the high technology environment. It is used for typing something drawing pictures watching TV or movies cooking foods and chatting with someone. I agree that it is very convenient for everyone to use technology to complete his or her works. People can click buttons or talk to a machine and then everything is almost done but this kind of convenience interferes with people's social development. Think about how much time do we spend sitting in front of a computer How often do we spend speaking to people face to face Once people are used to contacting others behind a machine only they will go outside if it is necessary therefore they won't develop their normal social relationship with others. In addition I know that people can make more friends through network than they do at schools or companies. They feel free to chat with strangers wherever come from behind false information. While they are glad to share their secrets or something with others some of them who trust friends on the internet become the target of cheating bullying stealing and even killing. All in all technology changes people's life and creates new characteristics of social relationship making friends quickly shopping easier and finishing things more simple but otherwise it could causes people to choose to withdraw from social life and provides a space for committing crimes. As a member of the society when people enjoy these conveniences they should be alert to some hazards hidden in the technology as well.
