When a teenager commits a crime some people will blame his her teacher for the neglect of duty. Teachers have their responsibility to guide children's behavior because children spend more than one third of a day at school. However we all start learning when we were infants. In addition it is hard for teachers to monitor all students' action at the same time. Therefore teaching children since they were young and spending more time to understand children's thought are duties of parents. Whereas some people said teaching is the major work for teachers parents are the first teachers in our life. Everyone knows most of our behavior was from imitation. Infants begin to observe people's behavior and follow when they develop the vision and the hearing. Scientific studies also refer to fetus can hear voice through the amniotic fluid of their mother. Parents are the model that children try to copy before going to school. As a result of the simulation parents must speak and act cautiously to be the best example for their children. There are generally more than 15 students in a class consequently it is not an easy task to follow the students' actions all day. Parents should cooperate with teachers to take care of their children and teach them morals. The responsibility of teachers is to notify the parents when their children behave badly and reform children's wicked conducts with their parents. Because teachers still have to educate other students parents must pay more attention to their children and actively keep touch with teachers. Parents should not interfere with children's behavior over because children are independent individuals. Teachers have to teach children knowledge as well as the norms of conduct. However sometimes children don't understand rules until they grow up. Parents must remind them of the laws to prevent their children from facing danger or performing a crime. Over and above children usually want to seek some adventures which may lead them to violate the law after school. Parents hold very responsible positions paying close attention to where the children go and what they do after classes. I insist that everyone must think over their duty before they want to have a baby because teaching children is a great responsibility. People who have children must positively affect their children's behavior constantly even if teachers can help them sometimes. On the other hand parents are the model for their children it is important that parents are discreet in words and deed. As a result when a child performs badly no one should be blamed more than his her parents.
