Argumentative Essay Responsibility For Children's Behavior Many children behave very badly and annoy other people. For example in Japan children sometimes talk loudly and run in the train and the bus. Some parents punish them and some parents don't. Parents should take responsibility for their children's bad behavior because if they don't teach their child how to behave the child's behavior will be their fault. Also taking responsibility will be a good influence for the children. Children do bad things because their parents don't teach them about right and wrong. Children can't understand what is good or bad to do in public. As a result children behave badly. When parents don't teach their children how to behave they should be responsible for their children. For example if a child steals something then this child was not taught that stealing is wrong. If children don't speak quietly in the theater or library and their parents don't say anything they annoy another people very much. This is their parent's fault because they did not teach them how to behave. Children can learn about taking responsibility by watching their parents accept responsibility. In society people must accept responsibility when they behave badly. One example is bullying. If a child bullies another child their parents should punish them. However the parents also have to apologize the bullied child's family and the child will see that they have to apologize when they do something bad to someone. Parents can teach their children to take responsibility for their action by setting an example and taking responsibility for the child's bad behavior. Parents should take responsibility for their children and discipline them. However some parents don't punish their children because they think that too much punishment hurts the development of their children's personality. They also consider children's bad behavior as a part of their character. For example one day I saw a screaming child in a supermarket and her mother did not take any action to stop her child's screaming. Her child did not stop acting up. Parents think children's bad behavior and the responsibility are not connected so they don't need to take responsibility. Nevertheless this society is not for only them so it is important to respect other people. Parents should take responsibility for their children's behavior. Parents need to teach to their children about morals and taking responsibility. If they don't do this parents have to accept responsibility. This is right thing to do and will be a good influence for children.
