Nowadays many people desire to learn a foreign language because they want to communicate with foreigners. Learning a foreign language has several advantages for us It can help us easily to get a lot of information which are written by a foreign language. Thus they spend considerable time and money for learning a foreign language. There are several ways for learning a foreign language but I believe one of ways is necessary to study abroad to the country where a language is spoken in order to truly learn the language. The reason is we can learn the language naturally and understand culture of the country. First of all we can practice a target language every day according to exposing to the language. During we live in a foreign country we are able to contact with various native speakers. For example when we go to a store we can ask to a clerk about price size and color of products. Also we can learn many useful expressions through the mass media such as TV or Internet. For instance through watching TV programs we can learn new expressions. TV and Internet are able to be shown a specific situation so we can understand how to use the expressions exactly in context. Especially using subtitles is effective way to learn the language. As a result we would learn diverse expressions through watching TV talking to native speaker with communication. Next we can learn culture of the country. Actually it is good chance to experience the new culture when we are living in the country. For example we are able to participate in many activities during studying in the ELI. Not only we can understand American history custom and behavior but we can also exchange cultures between own and new one. Moreover if we make a native friend we will learn the ways of thinking with our conversation. Particularly conversing freely with native friends is the best way to learn their culture. We can ask them about their culture and respond each other casually. Consequently we would learn culture of the country through participating in activities in ELI and conversing with native friends. Finally these days many people argue that it costs a lot of money to study abroad in order to learn the language. I agree that it requires a lot of money to study abroad. Also there are many good foreign language institutes in my country we can study and learn the language there as well. However I believe that it is necessary to study abroad. We can truly learn the language because we are exposed to the language surroundings naturally. Therefore we can practice the language every day in order to speak to native speaker. We should learn not only the language but also culture of the country. If I go to a foreign language institute in my country I can only learn the language but I cannot learn its culture. I think it is not an authentic language. In conclusion I think that people should be necessary to study abroad to the country where a language is spoken in order to learn the authentic language. We are able to practice the language every day moreover learn culture of the country. Through experiencing foreign daily life we would learn multifarious expressions of the language and their culture as well.
