Argumentative essay Foreign language instruction should begin in kindergarten In today's world it is important to know at least one foreign language since in the last decades communication between different countries has increased significantly. In today's education system in my country children are starting to learn a foreign language from the 4th grade. However I think the foreign language instruction should begin in kindergarten to improve the children's learning skills and raise the quality of foreign language education. Children in kindergarten are very open to learning new things. They can easily accept and understand new information because they see the learning process as a game. They learn a language almost effortlessly. Learning languages helps to improve memory and creativity that are very important for normal development of children. It also improves learning skills that they will need in the future such as thinking and listening ability. Foreign language instruction in kindergarten could include knowledge of elementary math nature and arts. It is the time in kindergarten when they actively learn their native language and are used to memorizing new words and copying people's voice and pronunciation. It gives them the ability to form their pronunciation like native speakers when they grow up. They have a lot of time to practice speaking which leads to speaking foreign language more fluently in the future. Some parents believe that they should not subject their young children to too much mental strain. They think that their children should start studying the foreign language at school where they can also read and write in the second language. They consider foreign language instruction in kindergarten an unnecessary burden on the child's psyche. However I think that it allows children to build the foundation for future learning of the foreign language. In summary knowledge a second or even third language is one of the most important features of education to find a good job travel around the world and converse with different people. I think it is necessary useful and helpful for children to start studying a foreign language in kindergarten because it will give them a lot of benefits and advantages when they become adults.
