Child punishment In those days child punishment and abuse is common. These are serious problems and result in deterioration of education and learning of children. Usually the punishment of the child is by their parents. It is a nice experience to have a kid in your life because children are one of the beautiful aspects of life. In addition to be a good parent you must know how to deal with your child. Take care of child and learn him is difficult and stressful those days. The parents are responsible for their child behaviors by teaching him the suitable and basic behaviors. Also school and the environment have secondary responsibilities for teach the children the right behaviors. In addition to classes they should teach them the principles of good behaviors. At first learning of child the basic and right behaviors is responsibility of both parents. The first years of child life is spent in the home most of the time. Therefore he will acquire his behaviors depends on his family. So the parents must do the best to teach the child in the right way. If the child behaves badly the parents must punish him and explain to him what is he done. And show the child what is the difference between good and bad behaviors and the results if he continues to behave badly. When the child begins to communicate with other people he may bring bad behaviors to home. Therefore both parents are responsible for their kids' performance. Some people believe that every child must punish if they behave badly but the parents should be kind and patient. The punishment methods must be different in degrees according to what the child did. As well the school has a secondary role in teaching children how to behave. The child may acquire his behaviors from classmates. Also teachers are responsible for teach children the principles of behaviors especially in the primary school. As mentioned before when the child behaves badly in the school the teacher is not responsible for punishes him. It is the role of the parents. Some children take advises from teachers seriously than from their parents. While some teachers prefer to punish children most teachers rely on the parents to do that. Finally I think that children should be punished by their parents if they behave badly. The responsibility of these behaviors is fallen on the parents. In other hand parents should be kind and gentle with their children. I recommend that parents take enough time with their children to learn them before thinking of the punishment.
