The Better Way to Learn a New Language learning a new language is obviously very important. When it is about learning a new language most people do it in their own country while others learn it in the country where the language is spoken. Both ways of learning a foreign language have their advantages but only you decide which better way to choose. If you want to know a foreign language like your native language you should learn it in the country where it is spoken because that give you opportunty to communicatie with native speaker and to get confidence to speak and accuracy in speech. If you travel to learn a new language in the country which it is spoken you will get adequate opportunity to meet people who speak that foreign language fluently. Inddition may be you find native friends they correct your mistakes. For example I have been to the U. S. For six months. . In first time I had difficult to understand during contact with native speaker outside very day I gradually started to understand English language as people around me and speak it very often. Also my teachers in institute and my partner conversation that they help me to correct my errors and improve my English language. Main reasons to learn a new language in spoken country are getting self confidence to speak and accuracy in speech. In your own country you might feel coward to talk foreign language. It is very difficult to use language which you have less knowledge. People feel shy and they have very low confidence to read write and speak. Example if foreigners try to speak with you you always try to respond them in their language However in contrast with your friends if they talk with a foreign language you answer in your mother tongue because you feel shy and low confidence. Furthermore In your own country your might learn language improper and less effective. In foreign country you can capture listen and use their language so fast. At start it is challenging to deal with foreigner in their language but no other choice. As result It will build confidence and reduce fear. In forgeion country you tend to copy the accent and the most relevant words which are in common usage. I know this well from my own experience when I first learned English in my country. I didn't pay much attention to pronunciation but when I came to the U. S. I have tried to use right pronunciation for words. Moreover you learn new words and phrases that you never heard in your country as well as correct use of grammar. Some people think traveling to learn a new language in the country where a language is spoken has disadvantage in finance matter . You have to spend time and a lot of money on traveling and staying at a foreign country. Also they think the most important thing to learn in their country is having their teachers explain unknown words or phrases in their native language which is especially important at the early stage of learning a foreign language. I agree that learning a new language in the country where language is spoken which is costs a lot of money and spend a lot of time to travel. However I prefer to learn a new language in the native country because learning a new language in the country where it is spoken has incomparable advantages. First you will have access to exact pronunciation and proper tone. Listening to exact pronunciation will help you correct yourself and will improve your listening and speaking ability. Furthermore when learning a foreign language I think practising continuously is the most important factor and only staying in the native country can give this chance of constant practice. When living in the native country or in a country which the language is used as first language one has no choice but using this language. You have to listen to news watch programs on TV in foreign language. You have to use it in daily life. In summary Learning foreign language in the country where a language is spoken has many advantages like passive learning accent training acquiring of speaking skills developing of listening skills and so many. I am pretty sure that advantages of learning language in the country in which is spoken is better option than learn it in my country.
