Industries and the Environment During last decade people have witnessed many developments and changes around the world. Industrial revolutions are everywhere. This kind of revolution increases the products with a race against time. A result of this change could be in agriculture manufacturing mining transport and technology. On the other hand the environment has suffered in the last few years as a result of these revolutions. In the beginning of the manufacturing era the concentration was to have a huge amount of labors to produce a reasonable amount of products for the consumers. What the manufacturers were not aware of is that the demand inside the market was more than the products being made. Machines were invented and used to produce more products save more time and save more money. This was a great deal for the owners while at the same time it was a big loss for the social life. Furthermore it effected the environment. Nowadays all the manufactures use these machines that are capable to produce an amazing quantity in a short period of time. With that being the new way to manufacture a lot of people have lost their jobs and less creativity and crafting is needed. This puts the industrial field in less demand while more people are required in the computer field to set up the machines. Not only is there a loss of job but also there is more reliance on limited computerized objects than the extensive human creativity. Technology has its own price of affecting the whole world in many ways. Not only does it have a good effect but it also has a bad effect on the pollution. These industrial pollutions are in the oceans and in the air. These pollutions caused the ozone layer to trap more heat in the atmosphere therefore increasing the temperature around the world. Some industries spill oil in the ocean and kill the living habitats in it. This causes the loss of sea creatures species and food people can feed on. Whether this issue is discussed or hidden there is only one solution that could solve it. Decreasing the production of factories to make less damage and pollution and also to give more jobs for people instead of machines. That way there will be less damage caused and more positive results in the industrial production. In my opinion as much as the industries have helped develop this world people should be more aware of the consequences that come with it and should work on decreasing it.
