Do You Believe That Using a Computer Is Harmful and Isolates Us from Social Life As a result of modernization a computer appears sequentially many people complained that it was harmful and isolated us from social life because their children spending too much time in playing games watching TV series or chatting through a computer which led to lower grades. However in my opinion I don't believe that using a computer is harmful and isolated us from social life if we own and use a computer in a proper way. On the contrary it has many good effects on us such as widening our perspective and promoting the international communication. Using a computer properly can widen our perspective and then help us join in social life. We could learn about some domestic and foreign affairs through all kinds of newspaper and magazines before the invention of the computer but it was a way to waste money and reading was limited in scope. Nevertheless a computer can provide us an easier and more convenient way of reading. At first reading newspaper online as soon and diverse as possible we are easy to become acknowledged and mature. We can always have some new topics to talk with others so we can play well with them instead of feeling isolated from social life. In addition we know some latest information about accidents or tragedies through reading news online by computer and then we can offer some things such as money and clothes to the people who need help in time which can fully prove we are members of society and promote harmonious development of society. For example once Wenchuan earthquake happened last year all the people in China even some Chinese who lived in abroad knew and donated money and clothes to help them. Furthermore the Red Cross Society of China also established online donation which facilitated people's giving money to the earthquake stricken area. As a sequence of using a computer the people in the whole world help each other and participate in social life more easily. Of course a computer also can provide us an easier and more convenient way of watching all kinds of video and live broadcast online. For example since the computer appears the Chinese in foreign countries can watch Spring Festival Gala Evening live broadcast in the New Year's Eve which is the most traditional festival in China. It alike makes people enjoy themselves with their compatriots together. In one word the computer can widen people's views and bring them richer and more meaningful social life. Using a computer properly also can promote the international communication. Perhaps the people in the same place can make friends by written letters. In that case how do two persons who live far away from each other even in different countries make friends It's definitely difficult to do it in this primitive way. However the invention of the computer makes people in different countries to make friends easily. We can email to each other or make video chats online by QQ or MSN. Therefore we can make friends easier than the past thanks to the computer. Moreover we can learn about the latest reports online as soon as possible and communicate academic or social problems which will promote international communication. Consequently the computer indeed can make people merge themselves in the society. Recently many people have thought that using a computer is harmful and isolates us from social life because their children wasted more time on games movies and chat. I agree that using a computer improperly is harmful and isolates us from social life. However the same problems that have always existed continue to exist with us without computers. That's to say if there's no computer you might play in another ways therefore you are also far away from social life. Moreover we can use the computer to do many things which we can't accomplish without it such as automation email and large scale calculation and so on. In the end I think we can benefit greatly from using a computer if we can use it in a proper way. In summary I believe that using a computer properly is meaningful and mainstreams one person in the society. The usage of computer can bring people more benefits such as broadening their views and worldwide communication. Therefore we should make full of computer in a right attitude. In addition I believe that computers will play a more significant role not only in social life but also in the rest aspects in the future.
