Do you believe that using technological devices is harmful and isolates us from social life Why or why not Many people think that using technological devices is harmful and isolates us from social life and there are many reports that give us a negative image about using technological devices. I think that these criticisms are unfair. On the other hand using technological devices actually is helpful and improves our life quality in many ways. Using technological devices is helpful in getting information easily and saving our time. We use technological devices to check many things such as weather map and news. Furthermore we can read books on technological devices to eliminate the use of paper. It is earth friendly and convenient to get information by using technological devices. The invention of technological devices is not only changes our behaviors but also improves our life quality. For example we used to go shopping in the stores but now there are many people shop online. Without shopping in the stores we save a lot of time and reduce consuming gasoline by using technological devices to shop online. We can use our spare time to company with our family and friends. Using technological devices is very helpful to improve our life quality. Using technological devices enhances our social life in many ways. In the past it cost a lot to connect a friend who lives abroad. Through technological devices we can find cheaper and convenient ways such as E mail skype msn and facebook to connect friends. It increases our chances to keep in touch with our friends and improves our social life. Moreover we make new friends and extend our networks by using technological devices. For instance I improve my social life by using technological devices. When I moved to the United States two years ago I didn't have many friends at the beginning. By using technological devices I have made a lot of Taiwanese friends who live in the United States. I met few of them when I visited Washington D. C. I would not know these good friends without using technological devices. There are more relationships developed because of using technological devices. Obviously using technological devices can enhance and expand our social life. Many people argue that using technological devices keeps people away from real life. Furthermore these people can not identify the difference between virtual world and real world. I agree that some people are isolated from social life because they are addicted to playing computer games and making virtual friends. However there are more people improves their social life by using technological devices. It is biased to say that using technological devices isolates us from social life. Using technological devices is helpful and enhances our social life because of its convenience and cost saving. If we make a good use of technological devices we will save a lot of time and natural resources. Those time and resources we save can be used to develop technology to make our life better and better. They can also be used to maintain our social life with limited cost. We should not stop going down the right path just because some people misuse technological devices.
