As adult children we are absolutely responsible for taking care of our elderly parents. If you get older and think about your kids it is very hard to let go of them like your parents feel. Also this is the time for you to return the favor back to the people who raise you. Old people need someone like their adult children to help them when they get so old and weak to take care of themselves. In addition old parents want to be surrounded by their family. Taking care of your elderly parents is the logical thing to do. Your parents took care of you when you were a little kid provide for you the best education that they could and gave you their support when you needed it. In contrast you can give them back everything that they did for you. Also I think you do not want your kids to abandon you in the future. Furthermore I strongly believe that old people dislike living alone in a nursery house without the people that they used living with. Traditionally in my country Saudi Arabia adult children show respect and love to their parents by taking care of them emotionally and financially. We also see that as religious believe because we are sure that we will live happily with our parents at least we can return a little bit from their gratitude to us. Therefore we gather every week in our grandparent's house. Siblings in our culture are almost fighting with each other to take their parents and let them live in their houses. Parents should not assume that their children will be able to provide for them in their last years if they are in need. Nevertheless some children were neglected by their parents in this situation when his parents were absent from their child's life. The adult do not feel that he is responsible for taking care of his parents because they were not part of his childhood. Despite that I think that even if your parents were absent in your childhood it is your responsibility to take care of them. Also one of the reasons that I believe in is that most parents do not want to be away from their adult children's life. In addition I think that if you take care for your parents that will influence your kids and they will do the same. In conclusion some people take care of their parents because they want to return the favor of raising them when they were little kids. Also they think that grandparents are really big part of the family. Also comparing with some people they do not think that they have to take care of their parents like children who did not have their parents as a part of their childhood or who were neglected by them.
