These days advanced technology made human's life be more bountiful and convenience as well as it expended the average span of life. A lot of farms and factories were consulted also machines cars roads were increased. Under the pretext of agriculturism and industrialism our society has damaged the environment and people thought that it is unavoidable. However we should be conscious of the environment and we must have to preserve it for the future. To begin with the environment plays an essential role in humans. It is undeniable fact that human have lived interacting with the environment since at the advent. If the environment is destroyed and not be conserved by people this will bring about huge miserable happenings for people. Thus we should pay more attentions to the environmental issue considering contemporary people and our descents. For example the Amazon one of the largest rain forests was developed for economic benefits and lastly prominent scientists are warning the risk of relentless development. Although people expected the development of the forest will have a great benefits this brutal development caused a lot of epidemic diseases and extinct animals. This clearly shows that the relationship between humans and environment are reciprocal. In addition although governments have contributed to develop a civilized society it has been bringing a lot of other problems because it was too much fast. Companies are not only mindlessly releasing toxic substance into a river but also emitting gas into an air. Through history in England people started to use coals for energy source. As a result England has been infamous for air pollution albeit it the Industrial Revolution happened nearly two hundred years ago. Furthermore as society is becoming urbanized people cut roads through hills and cut countless trees. Given that natural resources is essential for human to survive in the earth and damaged environment also result in catastrophic disasters like floods or landslides. Some people think that damage of the environment is an inevitable consequence of worldwide improvements on the standard of living and. Because they might think that took benefits from the environment for granted. However contrary to this opinion it is difficult to restore nature to its former condition once it is laid waste and it will bring terrible disasters so we should solved the problems of environment before it is too late to solve it. In conclusion as human's life has been developing the environment has been destroying. Moreover we have obtained a lot of advantages from the nature. From my viewpoint thus it is reasonable time that environment issue must be concern for all counties of the world.
