The Best Way to Learn a New Languages Do you like to learn a new language Do you think that travel to a country where a language is spoken is necessary in order to truly learn the language Some people think that they have ability learn a new language in their countries instead travel to the country where the language is spoken. However I strongly recommend that learning a new language needs travel to the country where the language is spoken. Because I will have great opportunities to practice the language with native speakers every day and I will develop the language skills in short period of time. First Learning a new language needs practice with native speakers every day. In fact practice the language needs travel to a country where the language is spoken. Because I will have opportunity to improve the language skills every day by practice what I learned with native speakers. For instance I practice English language with people every day with people while I am living in the USA. In addition some students are living with American families and they practicing the language with these families every day. Second travel to learn a new language will develop and improve the language in short period of time. For instance some countries that speak English as native language have schools which teach English as a second language. These schools have qualified teachers whom have ability to improve their students language skills. Also these schools have resources which help their students to develop their English language skills and offer difference weekly activities for their students. Honestly while I am living here in the states my English language skills are improving rapidly. In addition many students whom learning English language as second language are improving fast by practicing English language every day. Although some people think that they have ability to learn a new language in their countries and they think travel is not necessary at all. In my opinion I believe the opposite is true. It is waste of money and time to learn the language without needed to travel to a country where the language is spoken. Some people say that their countries have schools which teach foreign languages. On the other hand these schools are always cost too much and their teachers are not qualified to teach foreign languages. In addition I will have not opportunity to practice and communicate the language with native speakers every day. As a result I will spend too much time and too much money and the result unfortunately is nothing. In conclusion if someone have to a new language I believe with no doubt it is crucial to travel to a country where the language is spoken. As a result he or she will have great opportunity to communicate and practice the language with people every day and develop and enhance the language skills as well.
