Building an effective career in the life is crucial for the well being and the satisfaction to accomplish great tasks. It does not come merely or blindly to be on the right way though there are many obstacles that you can face and stand. For example the increasing and the development of technology in different area generate the opportunities on many active fields that students would refer but the master of knowledge and practices are other aspect of becoming more efficient to what you want to in your future. In addition this situation occur only when you become more aware of the university studies after a secondary school because before this awakening we often have the childhood dreams of what we will be one day. When I was a little boy I used to dream being a professional pilot in the air army that was a childhood dream that could also come true but we do not know because of the time and circumstances. Things changes through time and we change we develop with time. Because you meet some difficulties or other opportunities then you change your mind to adapt to the new situation. Achieving a childhood dream is not always easy because there are a lot of ambiguous situations that you can deal with without knowing exactly where to find a way out. For instance a financial problem can prevent you to achieve your best dream. Piloting aircraft military was interesting and fascinating to me due to the desire to explore the sky in uniform military and flying at high speed. Otherwise these studies are very expensive I could not afford them. Thus as a substitute to this field I decided to turn my interests to environment area. Making an arbitrary decision concerning my majors was such a complicated task because I should switch between chemistry engineering and environmental sciences and attribute more time and more importance to the environment sciences. Because of the fact of being acknowledge of the place that the environment took in my country while I was there and of insufficient conditions and solid practice and teaching of chemistry I decided to choose consequently environment sciences as a major with more inherent teaching.
