Topic 1 Viewpoint A Nowadays when you enter any university you need to be prepared to the English exams Tofel SAT etc. . Because the universities pay too much attention to these standardized test scores. It is not important to take the standardized test before entering the university because students can get the language during studying and some of them will be nervous from the exam so it is usually don't shows the real level of knowledge. The standardized exam is not very important thing that all the universities are concentrating on it. This is not the only way that they can know the student level in the English language. They can get many ways to know the level of the student. For example when the student apply to any university the high school grades will show if he is a good student then he will be good in English. If his language is not good they could give him an English language course after it he can start his major. So it is not a big deal the student also can strengthen his language in the English course and during studying his language will be improved. These standardized tests will not show the real level of knowledge. It is a standardized exam that all the students take it on the same structure and the same level although some students during the exam will be so nervous and afraid. So it will not show the real level of the student. Many of the students have some problem from these tests. For example some exams the students being tested is only him and a computer so it is not comfortable and some times you will mix up. In these days people think it's fair for all the students to take the same standardized exams to enter any university however it will not always show the real level of knowledge because sometimes the students will be nervous and don't do his or her best. So it's not very important to put standardized exams when applying for university. Giving full attention for it from all the universities it's also unacceptable. It's important when you enter the university you have a good English language but universities can make others way to help the student improve his skills during or before studying. These tests usually don't show the real level of the student so paying full attention to it is not a good idea.
