Topic 2 Viewpoint A Students wait for their summer holyday eagerly. Waiting fort the semester to end and start their best moments of life as they believe. A lot of students don't know the best moments of life. Starting your life at am early age is one thing that most of elder people are regret for no doing. The main problem is that students are not getting the best of their summer holyday so instead they should constantly study in order to graduate earlier. Students should constantly study and never stop to waste their time on having fun rather then working hard. For students to having fun is necessarily at young age of life. The real fun starts at the mid 30's when you are probably married and have kids. Then the real joy and adventure of life begins. The problem is that students are spending their summer on drinking partying although most students are underage they do it illegally. Keep on studying is the best solution parents can guide their siblings to. Their is nothing better then starting your career at an early age of life. To have your career starting at 18 or 19 is the best path that a person can follow. Their are a lot of advantages of having your career begins at an early age. You can reach the peak of your career at an early age and still you can achieve more in your field or you have an opportunity to start your own business because of the experience you got from your career students might consider thinking of this advantage. Yes sometimes rest is indeed needed to refreshes students mind in order to keep up the good work. But keep on studying will have greater advantages students will have a chance to start their life at an early age. Consonant studying leads to a lot of negative effects and a lot of people believe that summer vacation in important but why they have a vacation and unfortunately do not use it in a good way. Finally you might not agree about my point view but please just consider the idea that I am trying to deliver. Students perhaps think that constant studying is boring but they should also have in mind the advantages that are being provided to you .
