Through the world there is a range of economy. However nowadays the economists are capable of identifying what are the factors of a good economy and on the contrary the various causes of a bad economy. Three main causes affecting an economy are the past the trade and the management of the country. First a bad economy can result from weaknesses of past. Mostly countries the most fragile economically are the countries which were at war recently. It can be a war against another country or a civil war that is a fight which concerns people of the same country. In both cases the budget is dedicated to the defense then to the rebuilding of the country. Countries directly affected by attacks have generally a deplorable economy during of numerous years. Also a economic crisis can lead the fall of the whole economy of the country. States sometimes spend a lot of time to surmount of such crises. For instance the crisis of 1929 in the United States whose the name is Black Thursday and which provoked the sudden drop of the several countries' economy was a long and difficult period. Secondly a poor economy can be an effect of the trade and more especially due to importations and exportations. On the one hand if the competences of a country are too much sectored and not enough diversified the country imports more than it exports. The balance is not equated and forward it has negative effects on the economy. Some countries are forced to import a big part of the essential resources for the daily life. It can be raw materials such as the oil but also the food products because their landscape climate is not appropriated. Other countries too much developed a sector to the detriment of their other skills. For example the developed countries are too much increased the computing skills to the detriment of the manual workforce. On the other hand if the currency of the country is different from the others there is an excess gap in its valuation and the country loses money. For instance the difference between the Euro and the Dollar USD is negative for Europe because all the exported products are sold in USD. Moreover because of this difference European prefer to invest in the American products. Finally a economy can be catastrophic due to a bad management of the country. In the case where the country is isolated and possesses no alliance support with the other countries it can worry the investors for future since the union is a strength . It is for that reason that was created the European community after the Second World War in 1951 become the European Union in 1992. In another case which can be bad for a economy is the absence of rules laws financial regulation. Therefore the investor do not trust the future stability of the country. That's why after the financial crisis of 2008 the governments have voted news laws in order to maintain the economic's confidence. For the United States has forbidden the financial products at risk control the banking charges and oblige banks to answer for their activity. Thanks to this legal supervision the economy was able to put back on its feet quickly. Consequently the only one of these three causes can be responsible for a bad economy. So these three main causes are not subordinated. For instance the recent crisis of Greece and Spain in Europe is the consequence of the financial crisis of 2008.
