The Causes of Acquiring another Language Nowadays most of us want to learn another language however it is not about what we want but it is also about how we succeed in learning this language. Some people learn another language just for fun or because they are interested in this language. Another find that learning another language become a necessary thing in our life for particular reasons such as political and educational reasons. If we look deeply for the causes of acquiring another language we will find distinct reasons for that such as living in the target language country the need to learn this particular language and because it is famous or international. First factor for acquiring another language is to live in the target language county. The atmosphere and the society are a great features for learning the target language. Living in the country which you need to learn its language can offer you a good opportunity to communicate with people who are native tongue. Also it is helpful and wealthy if you decide to learn in any school there because you will have the opportunity to learn the language by native teachers. Furthermore living in the target language country will force you to learn individually to do your basic needs. Second factor for acquiring another language is the need to learn this particular language. Many jobs these days require another language beside the native language. For example working in a hospital in a business or in any international company which required their employee to have another language. Also for some politics situations a second language is necessary. For instance in wars the need to learn the enemy's language is so significant. Furthermore if you travel a lot for tourist or business reasons another language might help you. Third factor for acquiring another language is because it is famous or international language. For example the English language become these days as a standard language in many countries. Also there are many good resources which written in English. Also it may help you when you travel because most countries use this language. In addition there are many countries that are famous famous in a special field of science or business so many people decide to learn this particular language. For example Japan is famous in the technology field so many people tend to learn this language to have a benefit. Living in the target language country the need to learn and because it is famous or international are some causes for acquiring another language. Because second language might provide you a good opportunity to have a good job or have more education. Also in these days which all the world is connected the second language seems to be significant.
