The author is taking about the ties which refer to the 2 vital relationships of people. One is the connection between individual freedom and political power. Some may claim that the widespread use of English benefits humanity. For example the author believes that communication will become more and more powerful if everyone on the earth speaks English. Of course speech news or advertisement spoken in English can reach a tremendous number of audiences. There will be no language barrier and we will live in the global village. This seems to be a good idea. However what will happen if a government of every nation agrees to promulgate the same law . Lmost impossible to adapt to a new one. In my opinion people should have their right to speak whatever language they want and the author ignores this fact. The second tie is the connection between linguistic social and economic mechanisms. Linguistic mechanism as far as I understand is the way in which language is controlled to express idea. Almost all people will effectively convey their thought by using only their native language. Therefore to speak in the language one is not fully familiar with is simply to weaken the one's ability to express idea resulting in severe disadvantages in some social and economic aspects. For example I feel like I lost my social position and self confidence when I first came in the United States just because I couldn't convey my whole ideas and feelings to native speaker of English or couldn't fully understand what they said. And that really makes me feel stupid and inferior. This is a good example of what will happen if everyone in the world is forced to speak English. Moreover in economic aspect what will happen if all business activities around the world have to be conducted in English Communication plays very important role in business. Therefore people who have better abilities to control the language have an edge over others who don't. Also the author ignores this fact. The understanding of this connection makes the use of English seem to be problem. For example people who believe in the freedom of choosing language refuse to speak English. Or people do not want to speak English instead of their own language because they do not want to lose their social or economic status.
