Sara Paris November 15 2010 Writing 3G Kinds of Customers People are individuals who differ from each other and we can deduce this even from shopping. In fact different kinds of customers prefer to buy in different places and ways according to their willingness to spend money and to their attitude. We can divide them indeed based on their preferred location online at outlets at small brand shops and at flea markets. First of all the customers who purchase online are certainly more technological and usually younger. Not only they are capable of using computers but they also compare prices between different shops or models using special websites such as Kelkoo. Besides these kinds of customers are less problematic because not only they buy without touching and feeling the products but they also trust online seller. Usually they also like to bid online for example in websites such as eBay in which it is possible not only to buy but also to sell items. Second we have the category of those who buy in real shops such as the outlets. These customers are easy to satisfy. In fact they know that in big malls they will find products from the previous season and less variety in sizes and in models but they do not have any problem with this because these places are much cheaper. Besides they are much more flexible. In fact they are willing to drive more because outlets are located far from the city to spend an entire day shopping because the malls are very big and to stay in line for hours because those are very crowded . By contrast the customers who buy at small brand shops are more sophisticated and want special assistance. This kind of people in fact wants to choose size and model with accuracy and they like to buy especially the novelties which are more expensive. So they are willing to spend more money. Moreover they know that in these shops on the one hand they will have assistance from the salesman who will give them many suggestions on the other hand they will have a warranty for everything. So they will be able to change their products if they need it. In addition to these three kinds of customers we can include the special category of those who buy at flea markets and at antique shops. This category which is smaller than the others consists of people who usually are collectors. They like to find rare or old items and in general unusual products. Furthermore they are more creative than people of the previous categories. In fact they go to these special places because they do not like mass produced items and also because they like to use the selected products in a new more creative way. In conclusion customers have a wide choice they can buy online or offline at outlets or in small brand shops at flea markets and at antique shops. It depends on their personality on their taste on their willingness to spend money and time and on what they search. So we can conclude Tell me where you buy and I will tell you who are !
