Fiona Last Name Writing 3 Nov. 16 Things you can do in Taiwan Taiwan is a very wonderful island and also is a great environment to live. It has many cultures salient features delicious snacks and even the weather. There have many activities that most Taiwanese usually participate in. I would like to divide two types of time that you can explore in Taiwan daytime activities and night activities. You can try different things and that will be very fantastic! First daytime activities such as tourist resort take a rest and shopping. Let's talk about tourist resort first Taiwan has many natural places like Sun Moon Lake which is the most famous and largest natural lake in Taiwan from the east side looks like the sun and the west side looks like moon hence the name. A second one is National Park there have seven national park in Taiwan each one have their own distinguishing feature. A third one is museum there have several museums but the three is more famous which is Taipei Fine Museum National Museum and especially National Palace Museum is most famous of all. Next take a rest. Taiwan is locating in earthquake zone for this reason there have many hot spring. Taking a hot spring is a one of my favorite activities especial in winter it can make you feel warm in the cold weather and relax. The other one is restaurant choose a good quality restaurant is important to take a rest and have a great dish. Taiwan have lots of high quality restaurant one of the famous is Din Tai Fung which sells the steamed soup dumplings it's very delicious and beyond me description every foreign tourist love this restaurant. Next is shopping. There have three kinds of shopping way in Taiwan first is department store there have a lot of department store but the special one is Taipei 101 it is excellent to shopping and have high quality it also is the landmark financial center in Taipei. Second is Bazaar there usually have various and cheap things that you can buy there but the only shortcoming is there are a little bit disorderly. The third one is shopping arcade there is popular with students because the merchandise in there are inexpensive and good quality such as clothes shoes and something you wear. The other one is night activities almost every Taiwanese love night activities such as night market and night club. Most people call Taiwan's night activities as The late of the night the beauty comes from the high. I would like to introduce Taiwan night market food to you. No matter which place we are we can also taste the different snacks and locate products in Taiwan. And there also have some traditional games and lantern show you can enjoy and have fun. Then next one is night club. It is very popular for over 18 years old people to get fun there have lots of foreigner and music can have fun and relax also can make social intercourse with other people. To summarize Taiwan have several things places activities and custom that you can try or visit if you are interested. That will be exciting and wonderful experience when you visit here.
