Nowadays technology touches every concer in the world. While I am writing this essay my classmate keisukei is using his touch to look for words. Most of us didn't prepare to welcome the technology however we found that the technology already changed our world and our lifestyle. Someone think that the technology destroyed our social life however On contrast I think the technology make our friendship more stronger and strengthen. Technology brings prodigious treasure to us. For example I am studying in America now but my parents are in China I miss them so much but I could not go home now I can use Skype to talk with my parents and we can see each other on Skype. If we don't have computer that is really hard to me because I have to flight 16 hours then I can see my parents but now I don't need to do that. What's more I can use Facebook to share my staffs with my friends they can comment my photos and give me advices. Technology not only changes our lifestyle but also change the world it makes the world become flat and small. Have you read the book called the world is flat it talks how technology changed our world for example if you are in American you could hire assistant in India while you are sleeping you assistant is helping you to write your article and make PPT for you when you get up you can use your PPT to your meeting. What's more the Yale and harvard university open their classes to public maybe you will never get a chance to study in these university but technology makes you get opportunity to be educated it makes everyone equal. You can watch their classes on computer if your have some problem you can send a e mail to your friend ask him her about the question. You can talk these questions in english forum you can make friends all over the world you also can share the websites with your friends and you can study together. Some people think we should not use the computer and television. The children addict in on line games they don't want to study and don't want to talk to parents. The television programs isolate your wife or your husband. You are beginning to interested in the complexed plots of play and don't care your friends your husband any more some people begin to afraid of facing people because most of time you chat with you friends with e mail but when you see them you found it is very difficult to talk face to face you might begin to k Tusion I think the technology makes us more human and we can easy to talk to each other. They make us easy to open our mind and our heart. It makes every one get the equal opportunities and easy to make your friends. Now we just need to change our mind that social life is not meeting people everyday is not attending parties. The social life is easy to talk to everyone and get help from others. Internet telephone are our social life.
