People who want to learn another language ought to travel to the country where the language is spoken because that will help them learn better than their countries. This will help students improve speaking listening and speed the learning process. As Saudi students when we were children we were spending a lot of time studying another language beside our native language. Sometimes we fell bored of studying a foreign language because we did not use the language in home or street we just used it in school. This was our problem. For example now I am away from home to learn another language. It is easy because I use what I learn every day and I meet friends who are native speaker or do not speak my language. Second of all travel to another country which is a language speaking help you to speed the learning process because you will learn a new vocabulary everyday and you will need to use new words. Also you would have to speak the language. There are several ways to learn the language quickly and easily. For example you can go to the movie theater or watch TV at home. These days many people are studying another language in their countries they do not need to travel to the country where a language is spoken. I agree that there are good institutions that teach foreign language well and they have native teachers or teachers who mastered the language they are teaching. However I believe that not all institutions have a good teaching level and a student would be only learning during the class room. On the other hand to learn faster a student needs to travel to the country where the language is spoken because a student can meet native speakers and they will improve his or her speaking and listening. Also all the teachers will be native language speakers. In conclusion traveling to another country which they speak a language you need has many advantages. That will help you to improve your speaking listening and will speed your learning process than if you stayed in your country. I highly recommend if you want to learn another language you should travel and have a new experience and learn about new culture.
