Studing a new language is not easy. Some people think is neccessary to travel to the country where a language is spoken in order to truly learn the language. However others disagree with them and don't belive of neccesserity of traveling to learn a new language. I have a good experiance with this situation. I have been studing English for two years before I cam to the united states. I have been in the united states for seven months. I have been learning much more during this time than I learned in my country. It is neccessary to be in the country where a language is spoken because of few reasons. First when you would like to learn a new language you have to do some practice. You have more chance to practice the language that you are trying to learn In the country which people speak that language. For example when I was learning English in my country I did not speak english except in the school where I learned English in my country but In the United States I speak english whereever I go to. This also help me to use my new vocabulary and dont lose it. Use it or you will lose it . Second when you speak with native speakers you will learn accurate pronanciation and how they say it. For instance In my country teachers is from my country the speak English very well but they are still not like native speakers. Native speakers speak naturally. They use correct stress spontanously. Some people think you can learn a new language very well without needing to travel by using Internet and watching T. V. That right Internet and T. V are very useful material to learn a new language. I use them a lot to improve my language. However these may improve your listening and reading skills but it will not improve your speaking and writing skills. I know you can chatting and speak with native speaker It doesn't much as you be in country where people speak language you learn. You have to speak you dont have another choose. Finally This will give you more confidance and helping you speak fluentely. From my experiance I think is neccessary to travel to the country where a language is spoken to improve your language. I hope everyone wants to learn a new language gets chance to travel to the country that he or she trying to learn their language to save his or her time.
