Using the technological devices is something very important in life. We must keep up with the times. Knowing how to use the new devices is enough. Some people think that using it before knowing it is better for learning how to use it. I believe that using a technology isn't harmful or isolates us from the social it's the most important thing nowadays. Anyway some people could not distinguish between the good and bad ways of using the technology. Many people suppose that technology devices bring too many conveniences for the people. They think we live in an age of rapid technological advance so it's necessary for using technology devices. However the technology devices also bring some negative effects on people. First of all in these days of technological change we all suffer from information overload too many technology devices let our body is in a state of tension at any time. On the other hand because of conveniences people rely on technological devices to communicate with external people which let us have no chance to direct contact with people and makes a sense of alienation between people. Besides not everyone is accustomed to using technology devices some people are completely ignorant about modern technology for them the technology devices bring a great deal of trouble in their life. I agree that using the computer video games or any other technological devices might be harmful especially for kinds and teenagers. For example we can figure out that the kid who wears a glasses might playing in the video games for a long time. And the person who spends more time without friends and family could be an isolated person. For example after using the technological devices this person will be attracted by them and can't live without them so it may causes loneliness. However even if it's sometimes harmful and not good at all but the good use of the invention will help the person to be more educated. For instance people can look up for a words look for what's new in the world and know about the other cultures all of those might be done by using the computer in a correct way. Furthermore it might makes the person more sociable. For example a lot of people nowadays using facebook and netlog to share their information and photo's so that obviously makes them more sociable than the person who misuse the computer. Likewise using technological devices in a good way will certainly give the people who do an advantage to attend a better job than the others. In conclusion using technological devices especially the newest one might improve your education level and makes the user more sociable than the others. Also It can give an advantage for people who use it very well to get a better job than the other who don't. My recommendation for those who misuse them learn how to use correctly it will gives you a better life.
