Kinds of shoppers There are many kinds of shoppers regarding to their way of thinking mentality. Some of them go to shopping malls for necessity and the others for pleasure and fun. However we can divide the shoppers regarding to their objectives to four groups discount shoppers prodigal shoppers wandering shoppers and economic shoppers. First shopping group is discount shoppers. They are attracted by season sales weekly sales or daily coupons which come in the newspapers. Usually this kind of shoppers is buying anything sales although they don't need it. They want to save some of money but they actually lost a lot of it. A second group is prodigal shoppers who are going to shopping with no planning. In fact they waste their time and money. Even if they have a lot of money they must save some for emergency days . There is no benefit from buying everything without planning. Their salary will finish at the beginning of each months. A third group is wandering shoppers who look but never buy. Shopping is like routine for them and it is kind of their habits. They just have a fun and see the last models of fashion. Sometimes these people just want to satisfied with their hoppy. As an example if you go to any mall you will see a lot of people without bags or cart either but they just check the last models or fashions . A fourth group is economic shoppers . They obtain their requirements with good quality and an appropriate price. However they go to more than one mall to check the price or using the internet to looking for their needs . A lot of people in my country from this group As a result the government try to import things with good quality and price as well. To sum up these kinds of shoppers have a specific way for shopping which depend on their objectives. The first and fourth groups are having a similar objective of shopping. On other hand the second and third groups are sharing on the other objective in spite of the ways of shopping are vary. So we must focus on our needs and try to obtain it with appropriate price.
