I usually receive 20 or 30 emails every day. Almost half of them are mail magazines which is sent by retailers pharmaceutics alumni or educational groups. 20 Of them are advertisement related computer. 10 Of them are notices sent by banks credit card firm internet and cell phone provider. Another 10 are important personal mails and the rest are junks. I think these contents of my emails directly reflect the contemporary uses of technological devices such as errands many useful and useless informations precious communications and harmful things. Nowadays in my opinion technological devices are necessary for our daily life and they can expand our communication range and potential. First technological devices provides easy secure and prompt communication ways such as email chatting or video conversation. They brought us a significant innovation of business. We obviously can't work without email and we can set up a meeting with people who are far from us. On the other hands I know there are many people who protest that technological devices harm our personal communication because they are lacking emotional personal interaction. I absolutely know there are many kinds of crimes related to communication on the web. Fraud websites hacking and computer viruses are very common. However such kinds of crimes are also existing on the face to face communication. We can protect ourselves by having knowledge of internet's danger. In addition sometimes non verbal communication drives us radical because written sentences have less expressions of feelings. I know that and studied how to deal with email or chat. It makes our web communication more comfortable. Second a global network creates new styles of hobbies. We can easily share our interests worldwide. It amplifies our fun and expands our knowledge. ANON_NAME_0 Boyle who is British old singer was successful example of an internet idle. Someone uploaded her singing on YouTube and it spread over the world immediately. Consequently she became one of the most famous singers in the world in 2009. The internet made our entertainment border less and it is new kind of communication. In addition we also share many academic resources. Most of prestigious academic journals have electric journals. We can easily find many kinds of papers which include materials that we want to know by search engines. This system significantly improve our efficiency of studies. I know entertainments of global network also has negative aspects. I've seen TV program about some people who are addicted to play a network game and isolated from the real society. They were living in a small apartment lost their job played games all the time and rarely talked with other people. Addiction of playing games or surfing the internet is considerable problem of network. But there are also many more serious addiction in the real world. I think educational approach is important. We should know about addiction of network resources as well as alcohol gambles and drugs. In conclusion technological devices created new way of communications such as email SNS video talking and global network and they provides overwhelming profit to our social communication. I mentioned about some poisonous aspect of them but profits are largely surpass such negative points. People who lives in the 20th century have to learn more about information technology and use them appropriately and effectively.
