The need for overhaul of the UN Security Council I. Intro Established at the end of the Second World War and reflecting its victorious superpower the composition of the United Nations Security Council permanent members and their veto right has not been modified since then. Indeed the five concerned countries argue that it provides more stability and help to maintain a more peaceful world however given deep changes in the world geopolitics the Security Council does not reflect the current power repartition in the world anymore. Thus in order to make the council more in phase with the new reality an overhaul of its permanent member and the relinquishment of the veto right is a necessity. For the USA arguing in favor of changes would give more credits to their Foreign Policy of spreading the democracy. II. Main body A. History of the Security Council to show that it is anachronistic a. Second World War b. Cold War c. Nowadays B. Why should the SC be modified a. Counter Argument i. Provide more stability ii. Give more credibility to SC decisions iii. Changing it would weaken the SC. B. BUT New reality makes those arguments not pertinent anymore i. South America and Africa not represented ii. SC is discredited now C. Why should the US support changes counter argument it will weaken the USA a. US which promote the democracy in the world sometimes even trough wars should show the way by giving up a bit of their power and make the UN Security Council more democratic. It would give more credits to their Foreign Policy b. Changes will soon or later happen and US influence is decreasing while other countries' power is increasing. Bargaining about a new SC now that the USA still have a great influence will help them to loose as few as possible. It is better to anticipate the problems that face them too late III. Conclusion IV. Bibliography Books Luck E. C. 2006 . UN Security Council practice and promise. New York USA Routledge Malone D. M. 2004 . The UN Security Council from the Cold War to the 21st century. Boulder Colo. ANON_NAME_0 Rienner Newspaper MacFarquhar N. 2010 November 8 . Change Will Not Come Easily to the Security Council. The New York Times.
