How To Make A Major Purchase Before you make a major purchase such as buying a computer there are several things you should consider about and make preparation. Before you make a purchase for computer you should decide what kind of computer you need how much money you want to spend and finally how to choose the best suitable computer for you. The first thing you should consider about before making decision of buying a computer is that you should decide what kind of computer you need. There are several questions you can ask yourself. 1 Where will you use it mainly at home or in class Or even in the trip What it will be used for such as just word processing or scientific computing leisure and entrainment The different purpose usually leads to different requirements of the computer. What performance capacity speed do you need the computer have Do you want desktop laptop or note book Which size do you want large screen or small screen Also very important thing is what kind of operating system will be installed on the computer. After thinking of these questions you will have a rough idea of what kind computer you really want to buy. The second thing you should think about is that how much money would you spend on that The question is put just because for the same capacity computer the desktop will be cheaper than laptop. The notebook computer will be some higher than the desktop. Do you have enough money to buy a luxury one or your budget is just for an ordinary computer you can use it If the money is not the problem then you will have much more choices. But if the budget is just met you will be constricted to it there will be not so many choices for you to choose. The last thing but not less important is that how can you choose the best suitable computer for you. You should make a balance between what you want and what you can get . Do you go to buy it yourself or just buy it on the internet and mail it to you No matter where do you want to buy the computer you should find a good reputation retailer or store a retailer or a store with good reputation usually provides quality products and good service otherwise you might be in trouble. Taking these steps you can make a good decision to buy a satisfied computer and you might be enjoyable what you did.
