introduction Since the dawn of man crime has existed as an adverse thing that disturbs the balance of life. Throughout that history of mankind people have created and improved many systems and rules traditional and later written in the modern civilization to govern life and act like buffers to societies that set a clear boundaries to people's behavior. However as humans are not perfect creatures the way people dealt with limits are not always agreed upon by all people. Perhaps one of the most controversial rules is the death penalty. As societies get more civilized people prospective and attitude towards this sentence change dramatically and humanitarian organization as well as ordinary people argue all the time about weather its right for courts to still use death as punishment. In fact many organization and parliaments' representatives are persistently calling for the abandonment of death penalty as they consider it a violation to the natural rights of human. Many would think that executing serious criminals who had killed or raped many innocent people would really satisfy true justice. However there are many other ways to achieve the goal of justice without the need of taking lives or endorsing the concept of eye for an eye . In my point of view 1. It's in humane to kill people. Who gave anyone the right to take other humans life 2. Faulty evidence or frames might lead to executing innocent people and then it would be very late to exonerate them. 3. Killing criminal won't solve the problem as they won't be able to think about what they did wrong. 4. Vigilantes era is over. Opposing arguments 1. Religious and traditional believes 2. Killers are bad elements in the societies and they must be eliminated form it. 3. Traitors should be killed in public so no speculations regarding their fate. 4. It's a relief to the victims' families. 5. Some say it's more human to execute serious criminals because just putting them in jail would leave the window open for possible torture while in prison. References Capital punishment. 2010 November 10 . In Wikipedia The Free Encyclopedia. Retrieved 01 00 November 19 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_Death penalty and sentencing information. 1997 October 1 . By Dudley Sharp. Retrieved 11 45 pm November 18 2010 from ANON_URLSPAGE_The annual report on death penalty. 2010 February 15 . In death penalty information center Retrieved 10 30 pm November 19 2010 from ANON URLPAGE
