Why do People Love Hokkaido Hokkaido my home prefecture is the most northern part of Japan. Although it has a two million population city the other areas are quite rural. Therefore it has a lot of nature which people there cope with or sometimes enjoy. Hokkaido is not just my home prefecture but many people like to visit there. There seem to be some reasons for that. Hokkaido has three major attractions nature itself a snow festival and hot springs. Many people visit there being fascinated by them. First nature itself appears to attract people. It is just nature but people seem to find something in it. People love to be in nature such as vast land clear rivers fragrance of green trees and pure white snow. Nature makes people feel refreshed or relaxed as it is often said. People feel like they are purified by being in nature. Also encountering wild animals gives people surprise and pleasure. The nature and also wild animals offer people the sense of their being away from their everyday lives so this is why people are eager to visit Hokkaido. People love to feel liberated so the nature of Hokkaido can make people feel it. Next because Hokkaido is the most northern part of Japan it has a great amount of snow every year. The snow festival is one of the most inviting attractions. The snow is something people have to cope with in their life every winter but people there try to turn it into something useful. People there enjoy various kinds of winter sports. Among those entertainments the best example is the snow festival. A lot of snow sometimes makes people get in trouble. However they try to change the nuisance into entertainment. In the snow festival we have a lot of snow statues or buildings and even some slides for children. Every year around two million people visit and enjoy it in spite of the cold temperature. People are surprised or pleasant with seeing such elaborate snow sculptures which made out of only snow and some logs. The snow festival offers people a lot of enjoyment. Finally hot springs also have strong appeal to people. Actually hot springs are found not only Hokkaido but also other areas in Japan. This soaking in a hot spring is one of the typical Japanese cultures. However Hokkaido is sometimes called hot springs paradise because of the number of them. Therefore so many people visit Hokkaido to have hot springs. It seems to people that hot springs give a sense of refreshment and relaxation. When people get into a hot spring they feel like it makes them not only their bodies clean but also their feelings or minds. In addition people could feel exhilarated by soaking in a hot spring forget their worries or fear and regain their energy. This might be just their imagination but people can feel happy while staying a hot spring at least. There are three major reasons why people are attracted to Hokkaido. Its nature the snow festival and hot springs capture people's hearts. All of them are the gifts produced by nature. The natural blessing in the vast land of Hokkaido gives people good feelings they want. It can soothe people's minds so that is why many people love to visit Hokkaido.
