ESSAY 4 Topic Numerical Model of Our Reality. Number of words . I. Intro Although many people including scientists and engineers say that the reality is so complex that we will never found a mathematical or numerical solution. I think that Physic mathematical and numeric models with the experience can give us the acknowledge of our reality. II. Body A. 1. Opposing argument 1 Numerical model results could give us values that contradict the reality. 2. Rebuttal to argument 1 Numerical model can give us a good sense of what happen in the reality. B. 1. Opposing argument 2 The details can produce a chain effect with other natural phenomena and trig a bigger effect. 2. Rebuttal to argument 2 The part of the complicated phenomena that the numerical method not cover has little effects most of the time is random and its average is cero. C. 1. Opposing argument 3 The excessive use of numerical models produce a virtual reality that is complete different than the natural reality. 2. Rebuttal to argument 3 Is the best scientific method to manipulate and know the responses to different external alteration like occur in the reality. D. 1. Opposing argument 4 We use a much of resources on the numerical model and less in experimental models now. 2. Rebuttal to argument 4 A numerical model combined with other scientific method can help us to understand one phenomenon in the reality. III. Conclusion The models are the tools that all the time the scientist and engineers used to understand the reality and with this tool they modified the reality to produce goods that improve our society. This tool is jointed with the computer to give us a better know of our reality now. This is the best tool that we have and give us a good representation of our reality. IV. Bibliography Anderson J. 1995 . Computational fluid dynamics The basics with applications. J. A. Corrigan Ed. United States of America McGraw Hill. Hirsch C. 2010 . Numerical computation of internal external flows 2nd ed. . Oxford Jordan Hill United Kingdom Elsevier. Zienkiewicz O. T. 2005 . The finite element method Its basis Fundamentals 6th ed. . Oxford Jordan Hill United Kingdom Elsevier.
