When I studied English sometimes I didn't have enough time to do homework memorize lots of words and prepare for a test. Then I thought that if I manage time well I can have enough time to study. So I got three good ways to manage time. Now I want to tell my opinions that you can manage your time effectively when you review everyday discuss with your friends and use your free time. First review is the most important thing. You don't have to invest a lot of time to review. When the class finish you should read the content carefully and think about what you learned in the class and that's it. It's kind of easy thing but you won't do it everyday because sometimes you feel tired so you want to skip one day but you should try to do it everyday. It helps you to manage your time effectively because if you do it everyday you can remember more easily and quickly than when you study a lot of things in just one day. For example think about that you have a test tomorrow. If you haven't done review you may invest a lot of time to restart to memorize and study everything but if you have done it before you may just read books and then finish preparing the test. So the review helps to manage time directly. Secondly discussing is also good way to manage your time. When you are doing your homework sometimes you may get in trouble. Then you try to solve the problems and you may invest a lot of time but it doesn't work. What can you do You should try to talk with your friends and ask them what they think about the problems or if they already solved them how they did it. After you ask them you will solve the problems. It's easy to understand to discuss with them and it's also useful because when you discuss with your friends you can get some information and solve the problems. So next time when you have some questions for your homework you may want to talk with your friends because you know that if you discuss with them you don't have to waste your time. Finally if you use your free time you can save your time. I want to explain this reason with two examples. First one is when you watch TV you can learn almost everything that you hear. SO you should use that time. While you're watching TV you can try to learn something such as taking notes. After that you will recognize that you got a lot of things very easily. Another is that to read something when you take a bus. While you're taking the bus you can read books or even vocabulary. Just read the words again and again in the bus and then you will get the words naturally. These three things will help you to manage your time effectively. You should manage your time because if you do it you can complete a lot of things in the short time. So if you review everyday you will be ready for the test earlier than before. If you discuss with your friends you will get a lot of information as well as solve the problems. If you use your free time you will get a lot of things such as lots of vocabulary without spending much time. So you should try at least these three things to manage your time then you can study English more effectively than before.
