Being a Successful Language Student in the ELI ELI students have a big challenge which is improving English. Each of them may find the best method for being a successful language student. However due to the wrong plan some students might wander from the big challenge. To Succeed English depends on their effort and they should make an effective plan which is considered several factors. They can be successful students in the ELI by three factors which are making a native friend taking notes and signing up the ELI activities. First ELI students should make a native friend who can talk with more than 2 hours per week. When you give up self consciousness you can find a native friend easily. You don't have to worry about your English level because your English will improve gradually. When you are amiable and give a good impression your partner can talk with you continuously. If your partner has a common interest your meeting might become effectively. You may try to find a common interest and keep on having a conversation. Second ELI students should take notes while they are listening and attending their classes. You may make the most suitable condition which being a successful student. Even though you study English in the ELI your English can't develop without your effort. You should remember to take notes and review your notes everyday. Finally ELI students should sign up the ELI activities such as a volunteering and cultural language exchange program. The volunteer opportunity is the great chance for your English. For example when you become a volunteer in the nursing home you might meet several people who want to talk with you. Several volunteer centers might welcome you to sign up their program. Also you should sign up a cultural language exchange program in the ELI. As you want to study U. S. Culture native students of University want to study your culture. Before meeting your cultural partner you may remember that this activity is not only your chance. You should keep a balance of time with your partner. When your partner and you have a same opportunity to learn each culture your meeting will be succeeded. In conclusion ELI students must prepare three important factors which need own effort if they have an expectation about learning English. You should be concerned about these three factors and give up illusion to become a successful language student without an effort. When you strive to study English until the best of ability you will find a satisfaction in the ELI. Of course you will become a successful language student.
