How to Manage Time as a Student Effective time management is essential to success for students. We might have a lot of student's tasks at the same time. In my case it my task as a student corresponds to study English or nursing and to do housework. We can achieve our objectives by using effective time management that means defining priorities and scheduling activities. An important first point is to create possible situation. Don't get trapped into doing too much. For example when I started to study English in ELI I had frustration. I had a lot of tasks as a student and wife although I didn't become accustomed to new surroundings in Pittsburgh. I was thinking that I had to improve my English skill or prepare meals third a day and keep clean our house. At that time I noticed it's useful to manage time. I had studied English only in ELI. And I did only homework at home to save time for housework. I could controll my student's life by this change and let me reduce stress. Second point is to define my priorities. Use lists to set priorities plan activities and measure progress. It's involved in first point. It's important to define the order of priorities when I create possible situation. For example I judged impossible to study English at home until I am accustomed to new surroundings even though I really want to improve my English skill earlier. I made lists about study and housework I have to do every day. I must have time to relax and concentrate class to study English in ELI by this time management. Final point is to avoid distractions and lack of focus. Find a quiet place to study. For example I tried to neaten up my desk before I started to study. I found papers and text easily and felt better about my space. Another example is that to go the library or a study hall. If I study in my house television telephones and family might avoid my work. Time is precious. To manage time is necessary in our life. In other words to manage student's life would be the first step in manage time.
