Interesting sites in Seoul. In Korea our history is about 5000years. Because of this reason we have a lot of histories and remains. Have you heard about Korea history before We are proud of our old history but we had many wars in negative way. In the war period our many remains are ruined by attack of another country. However we have still many remains and great traditional places to visit. I like Seoul the capital city of Korea because there are a lot of interesting places regarding history and wonderful sights. In my opinion these three sites are the best exciting sites in Seoul. First KungBokGung which was a palace in old days is a very attractive place. It was built in 1394. KungBokGung is one of the big and typical palaces in Korea. At first time when it was built it had about 390 royal places. It means it was a very huge palace. However now almost buildings in KungBokGung are gone because of many events. Although many events happened in this place it is still great place. If you enter KungBokGung you can see many gorgeous shapes of houses and fascinating colors in complete harmony. That is a typical Korean shape of palace. Second Insadong is a place which is very famous for foreigners and also Koreans. This is located in the center of Seoul. This is the most typical place to see Korean culture. In Insadong you can see traditional Korean houses clothes food and so on. In addition you can buy many kinds of souvenirs such as traditional cups bowls cards masks and jewels. Traveling Insodaong is one of the best ideas to understand Koran culture. Finally Namsan Tower is proud of night view in Korea. It is near Insadong in Seoul. In fact this is a part of Namsan Park. Namsan Park was built in 1910. It has changed many shapes so far. However a location is still same as the past. To go to Namsan Tower we should take a cable car. The cable car's form is same as the old form which was made in 1930 so that old people like it to remember their pleasant memories. If you go to Namsan Tower you can see all beautiful vista of Seoul because it located in the mountain. At night the view charmed the people who go up to the top of Tower. Someone says the night view of Seoul is one of the best sights in the world. Even though Seoul is small city we have many shinning lights of buildings bridges and houses at night. These three places are the best sites in Seoul. Although we are not big country we have an old history traditional customs and sites. All of these things make us be charming country. If you come to Korea you will see what special things we have especially in Seoul.
