Many students try and still trying to use a lot of strategies. Some of them are succeeded and the other failed. As we know the learning strategies are depend on which field do you study In this essay I will introduce my strategies in how to be a successful language learner. The first strategy is to review the class work in your home. Actually you might read the lesson before you go to your class. That will help you to focus in the difficult points understand much better and than if you go without prepare before the class. Next reviewing after the class work will help you saving the information in your mind. The second strategy is to write the new vocabularies and their definitions. Also it's a good idea to write one example sentence which will help you to remember the difficult words. Then study and go over them form time to time. This continuing review will help you to remember vocabularies when you speech. You should focus during the class. Never think in any thing ells. So you will know which points do your teacher focusing in. Also the teacher sometimes explains some points gives explanations much better than the book. Another strategy is to ask your teacher or your classmate if you don't understand any point. Remember never careless or delay to ask because you will not remember to ask until the test time. Ask him to give you some examples explanations for points that you have difficulty to understand it. Ask him to explain by another way. On of the important strategies is to do a great number of exercises. If you do this strategy you will find your self much better in the subject. In addition this strategy will help you to know in which points you have deficit. Then you should work to improve your self. Finally review your test homework mistakes and try to correct them. This strategy is the one of important strategies that a majority of students are careless with it. This strategy will help you to know directly why where do you have mistakes in. Next review your wrong answers before your next test. These strategies are from my experienced and I found them very useful. You can choose any of them who are fitting with you. Keep go on doing them and you will see your self much better in your grads and knowledge.
