How to Learn English Successfully It's not easy to learn a new language especially the characters and grammar are totally different from your own language. Even so learning a new language could have a lot of fun. Moreover if you have good skills to learn a new language you will learn language faster and happier. For a new language learner you can accomplish this by using more effective learning strategies getting help from a group and studying abroad. For learning English successfully the first step is to find out effective strategies that fit you. You can talk to students whose English are very well and ask them what skills they use when they study English. Because everyone has his or her own studying habits good skills for others sometimes may not be yours. You can only pick up some strategies that fit for you. For example one strategy is to study English by watching TV you can practice listening without caption. However if you don't like watching TV you can practice by listening to music or radio. Thus getting some good strategies of learning English from other people is important but you may need to change them a little to fit your own studying style. Another strategy is to study English with a group. In addition to studying English on your own you can practice or study English with others. For instance for a small group you can meet once or twice a week and have a topic discussion for meeting each time. Sometimes studying with other people will create some interesting ideas. Also you could encourage each other to keep studying hard. For this reason I believe joining regular studying group will force you keep studying and prolong your studying time. However be sure continuing your meeting regularly because studying English needs lots of perseverance and patience. Finally circumstance is very important for learning English. If you live in a foreign English speaking country you need to speak English or you can't communicate to others. As a result you have more chances to practice English and I believe that will make your English progress fast. Nevertheless studying abroad will cost you lots of money and you have to evaluate your financial situation. If you don't have enough money to study in another country you may let yourself in a similar circumstance. In other words you could participate in a group like church where there might be some English native speakers whom you can talk with. Thus if you have enough time and money it's a really good idea to study English abroad. Not only improving your English but also understand their culture further. In order to learn English successfully you should have more effective and suitable learning strategies. For instance using equipment like a TV set. Furthermore forming a study group and choosing a few members who want to improve their English may help you improve your English. Share your ideas and encourage each other. Finally if you have extra resource study abroad and enjoy your life in a different country.
