Effective time management Time management is a difficult issue for students. If you want to be a successful student you should know how to manage your time well. However time management is not easy therefore I suggest students can divide whole week time to two parts. The first part is work time the second part is free time. Then you should try to manage this two parts of time. Working time means using this time to study do homework or do part time job. Free time means using this time to do exercising entertainment hang out with friends and spend time with family. An essential point to be a successful student is work time longer than free time. You can separate a work day to several small parts. For example from morning to afternoon is class time so you just study in your classes. If you want that your work time or after class time are more effective you should pay attention in your classes and write down notes mark important points in your textbook. Therefore you can review your textbook quickly and save more time when you do your homework. After you finish study and homework you may have extra time to do a part time job or other things. If you are afraid you can not divide daily time well you can try to write down a daily schedule and list how many things you need to finish in one day. Then decide which thing is more important maybe you should spend one or two hours on it so do the most important thing first. Take an example you should hand in two essays one of them is due tomorrow another one is due next Monday. So you definitely know which one is more urgent if so you should do the urgent essay first and finish it on time. Don't waste time stick with something that isn't urgent. The second part of time management is free time. Free time is easier to manage because it means free. Weekend is a free time even though it's a free time you still need to manage your free time. You may divide your free time for yourself your friends and your family. You can do exercises or choose some books that you like to read in morning or you just want to sleep pass noon. It's your option because weekend morning is your private time. In the afternoon you may hand out with friends go to movies or visit an art gallery. In addition you need spending time with your family share something with them have a dinner with your parents or discuss problems that you are facing now. Maybe you can get different suggestions from your family members. After you manage your free time you spend it more effective and free time can makes you feel more relaxing. In conclusion time management is really important for a student. Because a student's life is complicated studying job family friends exercising and having fun. It's sometimes hard to keep up with course. Therefore you should manage your time more dedicated and try to make every element balance. You can divide your time to many small parts and then make sure you can handle those small parts. After you can handle them combine them to become your whole time. You can be a brilliant time manager.
