Having trouble choosing your field is something that I experienced during high school and I was worried about. Students during high school are most likely lost in picking their field due to variety of jobs and fields. If you are thinking of engineering school then this is your key for your future. All engineering fields are interesting and different. Each field has characteristic of it's own. The highest paid engineers are mechanical engineer. This aspect doesn't come free of course there are some sacrifices should be made if you are interested. Mechanical engineering is your perfect choice if you like taking risk to put your self endanger in order to fix or invent machines. If you are the kind of person who like working around machines and working outdoors then go ahead and never look back. The second highest paid engineers are chemical engineers. Chemical engineers are those who work in oil companies and chemical research facilities. If you are a person who like wearing lab coat and labs is your natural habitat and you like the idea of inventing useful chemicals then chemical engineer is the choice but you might consider the risk you might endanger because chemicals could be toxic and hazardous. The third highest paid engineers are the civil engineers. Civil engineers are the most common engineer that being taught all over the world. Civil engineers are people who love art and drowning and also who are creative and think out of box in a way or so. Civil engineers are those who work on a construction sight designing buildings so most of their careers are working in outdoors and designing construction and buildings. Finally the more money you are thinking of the more risk you should think of. In our real life engineers are the best careers after doctors. Doctors are people who spend their whole life studying constantly because health is being updated constantly and never stops. Yes doctors make a lot of money but money is not every thing in life. So engineer is the best career in my opinion.
