Classification essay Chemists explore and use knowledge about chemicals to improve our life. They develop products such as synthetic drugs and cosmetics and processes that reduce energy use and pollution. Everybody who wants to pursue careers in chemistry should like working with their hands building scientific apparatus and performing laboratory experiments. You can choose the best career path for you according to the skills that are necessary for each type of jobs in the field of chemistry. What personal skills or qualities are needed to become a good teacher of chemistry First the teacher of chemistry has to be aware in the subject and should be able to explain things clearly depending on the age range of students. Secondly the teacher has to have good organizational and leadership skills for effective management and control of studying process of students. Of course like all teachers the teacher of chemistry needs to be patient kindness responsible and understanding. The teacher work requires good listening skills that help the teacher to find the best way to cooperate with students in different even difficult situations. The most important skills are required for an academic researcher of chemistry are investigation skills. Of course for this type of jobs you need to have perfect knowledge of the subject analytical thinking and great writing skills. The work of academic researcher mostly consists of creative searching of new ways to solve different theoretical or practical scientific problems. Every academic researcher needs to have communication skills for teamworking to achieve goals more quickly. That is why the academic researcher has to have skills of evaluating the quality of information and the research management. If you want to get a job of a chemical engineer you need to be able to solve detail oriented problems. This job is similar to the job of the academic researcher in some aspects. For example both of these jobs require being creative open minded and organized. However the chemical engineer has to have excellent numeracy and IT skills and strong ability to solve complex problems. Also they require the employee to be able to work well with people. An important part in an engineering field plays such qualities as accuracy precision exactness of employees. Thus for working as a teacher you have to be able to explain things well. The job of an academic researcher needs you to have analytical thinking and searching skills. The solving of detail oriented problems is important part of work of a chemical engineer. When you choose which career path in the field of chemistry is the best for you will have to remember skills that are required for each job.
