The most interesting sites in my country. Every country in the world has some beautiful and significant sites to see. It could be ancient historical cities or modern civilization or natural places. The country and the citizens are proud of these sites. In my country I would say that we have combination of holly history Modern civilization and natural sites which make it unique and interesting place to visit. There are holly historical sites which make it important and different from another country. Macah and Almadinah are two holly cities for all the muslaim people all around the world. They almost 3000 years old back. All the muslims hanker to visit them because each of them has holly mosque. It is like a wish in a miuslim's life to pray in one of these mosques. Every year the muslims pilgrim to macah then visit Almadinah and pray in its mosque. In addition each city has significant mark of history within our prophet ANON_NAME_0 ear peace has been upon him . For example there is a small cave in a high mountain where Prophet ANON_NAME_0 was hidden from his enemy. The God sent a spider to build her own net on the entrance of that cave and he saved from them. In addition there is holly water which called it Zmzam. It has been running out from the ground for 4000 years. Since that it doesn't stop or its annual amount change. It has own taste which is different from the normal water. Also it has strength to heal all diseases after our God willing. These things make our country especial place for the muslims or anyone who is curious about others culture. Modern civilization has a big spot in my country also. I can say there are huge jumps in every department like technology transportation and architectural building. For instance we have two beautiful and gorgeous skyscrapers in the world and the third one is under doing. An addition example there are a gigantic shore development in the coastal and a lot of watering place. Moreover its land has the biggest storage of oil which makes it one of the important country exports the oil. All system of the companies use high and up to date technological instruments. Our landscapes make my country a combination of beautiful natural sites. In the center and the north of the country are golden hills of sand. Which make us to develop these areas with a lot of projects to adapt living. For example we have many compound of building with its entertainment and accommodation which all the people like to spend there weekend there. The east and the west are coastal parts of the country. Also there are huge shore developments which a lot of foreign companies compete to win one of these projects. In the south part famous with it's a high mountain chain nice weather and green forests. Most the people prefer to go there in the summer to relax and enjoy their time. Totally there are different sites all over my country. As you see each one of them has unique things which make you excited and anxious to discover it. Holly history up to date civilizations and natural sites in my country make it sort of unusual place you would like to see it. If you want to go there I can grantee that you are going to experience a memorable adventure in your life.
