People who want to learn another language ought to travel to the country where the language is spoken because that will help them to learn better than in their own country. This will help students improve speaking and listening and speed up the learning process. As Saudi students when we were children we spent a lot of time studying another language with our native language. Sometimes we feel bored with studying a foreign language because we did not use the language at home or in the street we just used it in school. This was our problem. For example now I am away from home to learn another language. It is easy because I use what I learn everyday and I meet friends who are native speaker or do not speak my language. Second of all traveling to another country where a different language is spoken helps you to speed up the learning process because you will learn new vocabulary everyday and you will need to use new words. Also you have to speak the language. There are several ways to learn the language quickly and easily. For example you can go to the movie theater or watch TV at home. These days many people study another language in their own countries they do not need to travel to the country where the language is spoken. I agree that there are good institutions that teach foreign languages well and they have native teachers or teachers who have mastered the language they are teaching. However I believe that not all institutions have a good teaching level and a student would only be learning at the classroom. On the other hand to learn faster a student needs to travel to the country where the language is spoken because the student can meet native speakers and will improve his or her speaking and listening. Also all the teachers will be native language speakers. In conclusion traveling to another country in which they speak the language you are learning has many advantages. It will help you to improve your speaking and listening and will speed up your learning process more so than if you stayed in your country. I highly recommend that if you want to learn another language you should travel to the country where the language is spoken and have a new experience and learn about a new culture.
