Is it easy to study a new language If you would like to learn a new language what is the best and easiest way. Some people think it is important to travel to the country where a language is spoken in order to truly learn the language while others don't . I have an experience with studying new language. According my experience I agree with people who are proponents traveling to study language that you are trying to study for few reasons. First when you study a new language you need to practice it. Going to the country where a language is spoken that language and live there for several months or years give a great chance to practice it. However you don't have this chance at your country. For example I had studied English language at my country for two years before I came to the United States. Because I have been practicing the language every day since I arrived the United state my English language have been improving . What I learned in seven months in the United States is much more I had learned in my country. Practicing is very necessary for learning a new language and at your country you can't use the language as you use it in the county where the language is spoken. Second studying a new language in the place where people speak that language that you are trying to learn remove the fear that you may feel when you speak new language. For Instance when I was in my country I was a fried to talk with people who are speak English. But since I have spent one month in the United states I have felt more free to speak with people in English because I have no chaise. This gives me more confidant. In 21 century we have many things that could help us to learn a new language without needing to travel to the country where a language is spoken. There are an Internet T. V Radio etc. I always use those stuff to improve my language. It is useful for reading and listening but still are not helpful for speaking and writing. Although you can chat with people who are native speakers it is informal writing and there are many abbreviation. Speaking is difficult to learn it at you your country. Even though you can find people on the Internet or in your city is still most of your time you speak your language. However If you travel to the country where a language is spoken. You will speak most of your time a language that you are trying to learn. It is a controversial idea. But for previous reasons I think it is necessary to travel to learn a new language. Also I encourage everyone who would like to learn a new language to take a plane to the country where a language is spoken to improve his or her language and save time.
