Using technological devices is something very important in life. We must keep up with the times. Knowing how to use the new devices is enough. Some people think that the best way to gain your technical knowledge is by practicing using the technology. I believe that using technology isn't harmful or doesn't isolate us from the society it's the most important thing nowadays. Many people think that technological devices bring many conveniences to people. They think we live in an age of rapid technological advance so it's necessary to use technological devices. However technological devices also have some negative effects on people. First of all in these days of technological change we all suffer from information overload too many technological devices keep our body in a state of tension all the time. Moreover many people rely on technological devices to communicate with other people which lets us have no chance to a real contact with people and creates a sense of alienation between people. Besides not everyone is accustomed to use technological devices some people are completely ignorant about modern technology. For them technological devices bring a great deal of trouble to their life. I agree that using the computer video games or any other technological devices might be harmful especially for kids and teenagers. For example we can infer that the kid who wears glasses might be playing video games for a long time. Another example children who stay long time playing video games or watching T. V. Might have psychological problems such as Autism. Also the person who spends a lot of time without friends and family could be an isolated person. For example after using technological devices this person will be addicted to them and unable to live without them so it may cause loneliness. However technology is not bad in itself it is the way how people use it. Using technological devices in a good way has a positive impact in life. Initially nowadays people can use technology in order to seek consultations and get services. For instant instead of attending gyms or getting a special coach people can get some exercise which they can do them at home by watching them on Youtube or T. V. Without paying money. Furthermore Facebook website has won awards such as People Voice Award from the Webby Awards in 2008. In a 2006 study conducted by Student Monitor a New Jersey based company specializing in research concerning the college student market Facebook was named the second most popular thing among undergraduates so these two awards might clarify that a lot of people use Facebook just for sharing their photos and information which makes them more sociable. In addition good use of the technology will help people to be more educated. For instance people can look up words look for what's new in the world and know about other cultures. Even more using technological devices effectively can help the person to get a better job than others who don't use it well. Finally all of those things might be very helpful for life just by a good use of the technology. In conclusion using technological devices especially the newest one isn't harmful and might make people who use them more sociable and get more knowledge. Besides technology provides people who use it very well with several benefits. My recommendation for parents that they should control their kids and put some rules for them such as they can see the games before buying it and put a time limit for them. Also for those who don't use them in a good way is to learn how to use them correctly in order to have better life.
