Developing of Playstation Video games took a part in entertaining people . The PlayStation a video game console is one of the most famous game console in the world. It was created by Ken kutaragi a Sony executive who is called The Father of the Playstation and it was developed by Sony Computer Entertainment. The developing of Playstation in history happened in three steps releases Playstation 1 Playstation 2 and Playstation3 . First of all Playstation brought new ways to people that can enjoy in . It gave the player the ability to control in the game level. People now can play the kind of game that they like . For example some people love to play action games other do not. Players can enjoy good graphics of games. Another important step in the history of Playstation was the release of Playstation 2. Playstation2 face two strong competitors the Xbox and the Nintendo Gamecube. Playstation 2 was Considered the best game console in the world before 2005 In 2005 the first handheld video game console was released and gave the opportunity to play PS anywhere. Finally Playstation 3 is the future of video games consoles. It is released in 2006 and its the last in the series. It competes with Xbox 360 and the Wii . It was the first console that introduced motion controls. Such as SIXAXIS controller wireless controller. It also Provide HD high definition gaming . Moreover the Playstation Network showed and gave players the chance to play online with different people in the world. It gave benefit to the player such as PS Store and PS Home a social game . Now 3D games are being developed cause the Playstation 3 support this games . Playstation Move is an accessory that made people move real and have fun at the same time. To sum up Sony has given reasons to people to have fun by giving them the Playstation . It has brought happiness to teenagers children's and even grown ups . Sony done a great job by releasing three successful video game consoles playstation 1 playstation2 and playstation 3.
