Nowadays technology touches every corner of the world. While I am writing this essay my classmate Keisukei is using his Touch to look for words. Most of us didn't prepare to welcome the technology however we found that the technology already changed our world and our lifestyle. Some people think that technology destroyed our social life however in contrast I think technology has made our friendships stronger. Technology brings prodigious quantities of treasure to us. For example I am studying in American now but my parents are in china I miss them so much but I can not go home now. However I can use Skype to talk with my parents and we can see each other. If we didn't have the computer it would be really hard for me because I would have to fly 16 hours to see my parents. But now I don't need to do that I can use facebook to share my photos with my friends . Technology not only changes our lifestyle but also changes the world. It makes the world become small. The book called The World Is Flat talks about how technology has changed our world. For example if you are in America you could hire an assistant in India. While you are sleeping your assistant help you to write your essay and organize your computer file folders. Other good thing is that Yale and Harvard universities opened their classes to the public. Maybe you maybe never get a chance to study in these universities but technology gets you a opportunity to be educated it makes everyone equal. You can watch their classes on the computer. If your have some problems you can send an e mail to your friend ask her his about the questions. You can talk about these questions in the English forum and also can make friends from all over the world. The computer and the Internet help us to build a more diversity and larger relationships. Some people think we should not use the technology. The children are addicted to on line games they don't want to study and talk to parents. Television programs isolate your spouse. You may begin to be interested in the complex plots and not to care about your friends and your spouse any more. Some people begin to be afraid of facing people because most of the time you chat with your friends by e mail and when you see them you find it is very difficult to talk face to face and you might begin to avoid social life. I have to say both of them really happen around us. But technology is good because we can watch the news to know what happened around the world. When I heard the news that we had a earthquake in Sichuan Province I gave my friend a call immediately and asked her whether she was ok. She was very happy to get a phone from her friends. What's more technology not only makes us more convenient but also more human. When a boy want to tell a boy that he loves her he has to find a good time and a romantic place. Instead of this he can just send a message. In conclusion I think technology makes us open our mind and our heart more easily. It makes our relationships larger and more diversity. The most important is that it makes every one around the world get the equal opportunity. Now we just need to change our mind that social life is not only meeting people every day or attending parties. Social life means that it is easy to talk to everyone. Thchnology is our new social life.
