Traveling To Learn a New Language Many people try to travel to learn a new language. There are many reasons that are obviously important for learning a new language in the country which is spoken. The main reason is to give you more chances to speak with native speakers. Also it makes you confident to speak and skillful. If you travel to learn a new language in the country where it is spoken it will give you enough chance to speak with native speaker who can speak more fluently. Moreover you are able to practice what you learn from school and you may meet native friends who can correct your mistakes. For instance I have been in Pittsburgh for seven months. When I arrived I had many problems understanding people and they were confused when I talked to them. However during this time I have lived with homestay family and my English has improved due to talk everyday with people surrounding me. Gradually my English has reached to highest level in short time. The other reasons to learn a new language in the country where is spoken are to make yourself confident to speak and skillful. Many students who are study in their country feel unconfident and shy to talking foreign language. For example if you speak with your friends from same country usually you speak your native language half time and foreign language half. On the other hand in a foreign country you can listen speak and write all of the time a foreign language. So you will build confidence and reduce fear. Some people think traveling to the country where a language is spoken to learn a new language has financial and time issues. You have to spend time and a lot of money on traveling and staying in a foreign country. Also they think the most important thing to learn in their country is having their teachers explain unknown words or phrases in their native language which is especially important at the early stage of learning a foreign language. I agree that learning a new language in the country where the language is spoken costs a lot of money and takes a lot of time for travel. However I prefer to learn a new language in the native country because learning a new language in the country where the target language is spoken has incomparable advantages. First you will have access to proper pronunciation and proper tone. Listening to proper pronunciation will help you correct yourself and will improve your listening and speaking ability. In summary learning a foreign language in the country where a language is spoken has many advantages such as passive learning accent training acquiring speaking skills development of listening skills and so much more. I am sure that advantage of learning a language in the country in which it is spoken is a better option than learning it in one's own country.
