Significant roles of technological devices in our social communications I usually receive 20 or 30 emails every day. Almost half of them are email magazines which are sent by retailers drug makers alumni or educational groups. 20 Of them are advertisement related computers. 10 Of them are notices sent by banks credit card firms internet and cell phone providers. Another 10 are important personal emails and the rest are junk. I think these contents of my emails directly reflect the contemporary uses of technological devices such as online banking and shopping many useful or useless information precious communications and harmful viruses. Nowadays in my opinion technological devices are necessary to our daily life and they expand our communication range. First technological devices provide easy secure and prompt communication tools such as email chatting or video conversation. They provide us a significant business innovation. We obviously can't work without email and we can set up a meeting with people who are far from us. Moreover we can chat with foreign people face to face in our house. I talk with my family four times a week by Skype between America and Japan and amazingly it is free. On the other hands I know there are many people who believe that technological devices harm our personal communication because they lack emotional personal interaction. I know for sure that there are many kinds of crimes related to communication on the web. Fraud websites hacking and computer viruses are very common. However such crimes also exist on the face to face communication. We can protect ourselves by having knowledge of internet dangers. Second the internet makes it possible to share knowledge and interests worldwide and it helps us to communicate each other. For instance ANON_NAME_0 Boyle who is a British older singer is a successful example of an internet idol. Someone uploaded her singing on YouTube and it spread over the world immediately. Consequently she became one of the most famous singers in the world in 2009. Web communication tools such as Facebook and YouTube amplifies our fun and expands our knowledge. We can easily make foreign friends who have the same interest that we have on these tools. In addition we also share many academic resources on the web. Most of prestigious academic journals have electric editions. Using search engines we can easily find many kinds of papers which include materials that we want to know. This system significantly improves our efficiency of studies. I know entertainments of online devices also have negative aspects. I've seen a TV program about some people who are addicted to online games and are isolated from the real society. They were living in a small apartment lost their job played games all the time and rarely talked with other people. Furthermore I saw a story about a schoolgirl who texts hundreds of times a day and it distracts her mind from her studies. Indeed addictions to online games texting or surfing the internet are considerable problems of online devices. However there are also many more serious addictions in the real world. I think educational approach is important. We should know about technology addiction in addition to alcohol gambling and drug addiction. In conclusion technological devices have new styles of communications such as email SNS and video chatting in addition the worldwide web helps us to share and search numerous knowledge and entertainments. Those technologies provide significant innovation of human communications. I mentioned about some harmful aspect of them but advantages are largely surpassing such negative points. People who live in the 21th century have to learn more about information technology and use them appropriately and effectively.
