Center A traditional house in China Indent A traditional house in rural north China is the epitome of the Chinese Feng shui culture. Feng shui can be channeled to create wealth abundant health career success and an amazing life. In a traditional house we can see Feng shui leads to the design of the house and many details show. As a principle the house is usually spacious simple and vital. When a door is open in Feng shui that means the wealth can come into the host family so in north of China most of the people often have the door opened. Also it is a signal of welcoming all the guests or passersby. Enter the door a wall block the guest. A big Fu which is a great word in Chinese symbolizes a luck and wealthy life stuck the wall. In some house a small mirror is put up on the top of the wall. That was used to obstruct some evil ghost. By crossing the wall there is a spacious yard with a big parasol tree in the center. A magpie which is thought that a market that brings a good new for the host usually stays on the top of the parasol tree. The sunshine passes though the leaves and the cool wind is in a shadows. Some children might play a game in the shadows. North is the highest position in the art of Feng shui . Thus a living room is usually placed in middle of the whole building in the north of the yard. The red door and the shining window reflect the simple and unadorned style. The bedrooms are often in left and right sides of the living room but all of the room in the north. On the right of the building is a small kitchen. Chinese people used to cook the food by an original fire several years ago. The smoke is belched from chimney like a single of living. The wood was piled on and occupied half of the space. The rich fragrance of the delicious dishes leaves in the kitchen. A picture of a kind of spirit creatures kitchen god is put on the upper of the stove. Kitchen god controls all of the cuisines and all of the delicious food could be from the kitchen god. In additional some domestic animals such as chicken or ducks live in a covering on the left of the building. In the daylight they are wandering in the yard and look for some food but they go back their house at night. The bathroom is placed in a corner of the yard. These kinds of house are presented by more and more new modern houses but there are still memorable places for most of Chinese.
