Thailand is located on the Southeast Asia. Most people know that my country is one of the best places for visiting in the world. In my country there are a lot of interesting sights because it has not only beaches are very beautiful but also other sights which most people did not know about are very interesting and noteworthy. Some people used to ask me that if they want to visit my country where should they visit Of course I will say that you should go to the beach however you can go to a different place which I think it might be more interesting than beach. Beaches mountains and shopping malls are the most three interesting sights for tourists. First of all as you can know there are many beautiful beaches in Thailand. These are the most favorable attraction of the tourists. When a person goes to a beach he might want to not only swim in the sea but also someone wants to have some activities in the sea or on the beach. For example Banana Boat is the most popular activity around the beach. It is a kind of Jet Ski. You will sit on an inflatable rubber boat which looks like banana with your friend while a Jet Ski is pulling the boat in high speed and try to make you fall into the sea. This would be excited with your group. Some tourists would like to take a sunbath on the beach due to a very strong sunny in Thailand. Moreover Andaman Sea is located on the southwest of Thailand and on the opposite side there is the Gulf of Thailand. As a result there are many beaches so people can have choices In addition many natural and peaceful mountains are suitable for people who like a natural place. Mountains forests and national parks are good choices if one wants to go out of city in the other words one does not want to travel to crowded place. Another interesting site in my country is the good environment. The mountains are not too popular for tourist so the places can keep them in good environment and nice scenery. Also you can have a great breath good atmosphere quiet and peaceful trip. For instance ANON_NAME_0 Mai is the most northern of the country. The weather in there is always cold and fresh. There are a lot of mountains in ANON_NAME_0 Mai so some people like to go to stay over night on the mountain. They can have some activities such as fishing watching bird rafting along the river on the mountain. Lastly around the city there are many kinds of shopping mall. These malls are very convenient for tourists who want to buy some good things in low price. In the center of Bangkok there are a lot of shopping malls so you can buy everything that you are looking for. If you have a lot of time you can find the same thing but the price is much cheaper than others. Another example for the interesting shopping mall is called Jatujak Market. This is a very large market which locates far from the center of Bangkok about 20 minutes by a sky train. In this market you can find everything such as souvenirs clothes plants pets books foods apparels shoes electronic devices or used items in low price. You can get quality and beautiful goods from this market and you can also bargain with the sellers for lowest price. In conclusion there are many choices of sights where are various and suitable for everyone to visit during you are in Thailand. Therefore tourists would like to visit my country and everyone will get a good impression. Moreover Thai people are very friendly and willing to help foreigners who come from around the world. Why don't you visit my country in your break
