Topic select a major Your Vital Choice Every person has to decide which major he or she is going to study after high school. This choice will affect the whole life so everyone should think on it and get some advice from experienced people and make sure that it is appropriate major. However it is not always so easy to decide what to choose I can give you some advices that can help you. Firstly you must consider how much you want your income also you had better choose a major that you are interested finally you should consider if you want a hard job or an easier one. In my opinion the amount of money you rake in is the most important feature of any major while people selecting it. There are many people who has become rich from many kinds of jobs as a result not only some jobs make people benefit more than the others. We understand that if anyone tries to have good income the only way is to choose the most suitable job for him or her. However jobs like doctors or engineers are more likely to earn more money than others a famous sculpture might earn ten times than an ordinary engineer. That is because he had chosen the appropriate job for himself he has skills about that kind of art so he knew it and chose the way to be a sculpture. In fact it is probably more difficult to be a sculpture than an ordinary job it may be the best choice for you. Furthermore you should choose a major that you are interested otherwise your college career is going to be really boring. This fact will also affect your business life since you don t like your job you won t be happy even if your income is enough for you. However many people choose careers which they don t like because of financial fears those people who choose their favourite majors have happier life. Maybe they don t earn as much as doctors or engineers but they have fun while they work because they try to be the best whatever they want to be in their own life. Moreover if someone has the right job then he or she is more likely to succeed because people like to spend time working on something that they like the more you try the more chance to win. In addition to considering major you must make sure that you are a tough guy or not you like to work hard and have some responsibilities or you desire an easier life. Some people like to challenge a lot but some of us don t so you should know how hard you can work or how much time you can spend for your job. Every human has his own features that s why some of us are doctors and some are flower sellers some of us choose the easy way to live and don t like to have responsibility or take risks and decides to live in a simple way on the other hand some of us try to benefit humanity all his life. I don t blame anyone to choose any way. These are like colors of life everybody has a duty he or she will do it and go away from this world. Overall selecting major is a really hard and significant process in human life there are some other decisions also like finding someone to marry and where to live. I believe in destiny so feel comfortable and choose your favourite major that you think you are going to be happy with. You might not be rich but at least you are going to be happy and don t let the other people affect your decision just listen to your heart.
