Traveling to the country where a language is spoken Traveling to the country where a language is spoken in order to truly learn the language is important to develop the language. Learning a language consists of many skills you have to study but there are many things that can support you in learning a language. When you travel to the country where a language is spoken you have two opportunities learn in a professional environment and fast learning. Traveling where to learn a language helps you to get professional language skills for example writing listening speaking and reading. All skills you need to practice. The best practice to learn a language is with a native speaker. For example when you travel you can study with native teachers. This way helps you to learn good pronunciation and speaking well. Also any event in your life helps you to learn because you can't use your own so you must speak write listen or read in another language to achieve your target. Many students would like to learn fast because they want to acquire the language skills. When you travel you have many resources to help you learn fast. For example relationships with native friends are fastest method to improve your speaking. Reading a newspaper to know about your new city is one of many methods to help you learn fast. All issues in your new city require you to use a language. These issues affect to improve your skills. Some people think learning a language shouldn't travel to the country where a language is spoken because they can learn in their country. I agree that learning a language is possible in one's own country with hard work. However it needs more time and hard work because you only use new language in your class. Most of the time you only use your language. This way doesn't help you to improve a language. It is one issue that faces you because you may forget many vocabulary and grammar which you studied. Most people know which skills that help them to learn but some don't know which method that help them to improve their skills fast. I think you will be happy when you travel to learn a language and know on new culture.
