TIME MANAGEMENT Time management is to organize your time to be able to do a lot of things also to have a lot of extra time. When you put enough time to do your staff you will do it with out worrying about time. Student must conduct time in their studying and activities. Everyone need to put clear steps to do there homework this will help to finish it in no time. If you can create a special atmosphere it will help you feel comfortable to finish homework. For example you might need a good place to study such as library. Don't hesitate on creating your own way to memorize important information. For instance you can write down on small pieces of paper or you can records your voice while memorizing and play back to repeat it. You must do the homework of each day with out delay it to the next day. Also you can choose the way to finish your homework. For example you might start with the easy thing or the hard thing it depend on you to finish fast. It is important to have activities in order to break everyday rotten such as watching TV listening to the music and spots etc. Everyone needs to have sport activities. These activities should be helpful for him but there are indoor and outdoor activities. For example some people feel relax when they do indoor sports such as swimming other like outdoor such as walking. So you should choose your own time and way to do the activities. A lot of student confuse by doing it before homework or after. In my opinion it's better to be after the school day and before the homework time. For example he she can go to the gum after school or they can take a walk to home if it near like campus. I think it's important to join the school activity groups for him her. However they need to choose the activity that they want and enjoy. For instance each school has sport activities art music etc. So if I like sport I can sign up for it. It's better than do something you don't like. Create a schedule that works for you give you the flexibility to include the things that are very important to you. Weekends are there for a purpose. For example resting at least one day will help you deal with the rest of the week. Therefore student must conduct their time for studying and activities.
