Taipei my hometown is the most flourishing convenient and modern city in Taiwan also it is the capital city. In Taipei people can find many sites which integrate variety styles such as night market famous buildings or educational sites. There are three noteworthy sites in Taipei. I believe that most people have heard about the night market which is a kind of very specific shopping styles in Taiwan. To illustrate night market is made up with many booths street vendors and stores. Therefore it provides various purchases. For example there is a famous night market which is called Shi Lin Night Market in Taipei. As its name Shi Lin Night Market usually open after 5pm and until to midnight. In my opinion the most attractive reason for people go shopping there is that people can negotiate while they are interested in some purchases. Above all lots of people think that negotiation is a kind of delight when they go shopping. On the other hand credit card is not available when you are shopping in the night market. If you purchase with cash when you are shopping you will make your negotiation easily to achieve. Also there are a lot of food vendors in Shi Lin Night Market you can try anything you are interested or you have never tried before there with a little money. If you are looking for expensive brands of purchases you must visit Taipei 101 Building which is the new landmark in Taipei. According the official information it's height is 508 meters and has become the highest building in the world. In fact Taipei 101 Building is a synthetic function building. For instance Taipei 101 Building not only provides offices for monetary business but occasions for shopping. For people who live in Taipei Taipei 101 Building is a extremely convenient and modern shopping paradise. After visiting Shi Lin Night Market and Taipei 101 Building you maybe feel tired about going shopping or eating. In addition you might want to go somewhere in the suburb of the city. You can go to Taipei Mu Za Zoo which is the biggest the most consummate zoo in Taiwan. You can arrive there by public transportation easily. There are rare animals in the zoo such as koalas and penguins. Moreover I think Taipei Mu Za Zoo is one of the best and educational sites for families to visit. Let's image to walk in the sunlight and enjoy the natural environment is there anything more enjoyable than it There are a lot of noteworthy sites in Taipei and you can visit them without spending too much money except to go shopping. Furthermore I believe you will enjoy your new experiences in these sites very well!
