Have you visited Saudi Arabia Do you know where is located It is located southwest of Asia. It was empty dry desert. After the petroleum discovered the country has developed in short time because existence of petroleum. In addition Saudi Arabia has two holy mosques which are intended by millions of Muslims. Furthermore it has a nice region in the southwestern of Saudi Arabia. It is a cold and rainy weather in summer. Although many people don't know about Saudi Arabia it considered one of the modern countries and it thrived in short time because it has had constituents of developing and improved the tourism in the religious cities and other cities. Discovering petroleum in Saudi Arabia 50 years ago had good benefits that helped of building the basement of Saudi Arabia as a country. From petroleum the government established a project that gained money to the country. Within short time the government was able to transfer the desert to modern cities. They have now new modern designs of buildings malls and streets. Also the government was able to improve education and health by providing the up to date facilities and equipment. Mecca and Medina are two holy cities are located in west of Saudi Arabia. Its intended by millions of Muslims yearly because it is contains the holy mosques and the ritual places for Hajj. In Hajj season the government is arranged and regulates people who are come from different countries. The numbers of people reach 3 millions and all of them stay in same city come and go home in same time. So the government do hard job every year for regulations. However the government gets benefits from these people by renting hotel and buying food in addition to offering services. The tourism takes place in Saudi Arabia. The tourist cities are Dammam Jeddah and the southwestern region. Dammam is located in eastern region and Jeddah is located in western region. Both of them are coastal cities. There are many beautiful resorts in addition to sandy beach as well. In the southwestern region the weather in summer is very nice because the area contains green mountains cold and rainy weather. In summer most people in Golf countries are escape from them cities to southwestern region of Saudi Arabia because the temperature goes over 130F. In short Saudi Arabia now is able to stand as modern country like in Europe or United States. It has all the constituents for development in education health tourist and architecture. Thus I recommend anyone to visit my country and I'm sure that he or she will change the idea about my country.
