There are many landmarks in Taiwan. Although many of them have existed for hundreds of years no one can represent contemporary Taiwan except the CKS Memorial Hall. It is a meaningful place which people who come to Taiwan first time should visit. In my memory the CKS Memorial Hall was the first place when I visited the capital Taipei. It is really a historic multi functional and popular place. CKS Memorial Hall was built for commemorating the first president of Taiwan. Around 50 years ago the government moved in Taipei Taiwan from mainland China and set Taipei as the capital. At that time the president is Mr. ANON_NAME_0 Kai Shek who is the first president. He led the troops and officials brought a lot of resources to Taiwan and started to build it. After he was died in order to respect him and to appreciate his contribution people built the CKS Memorial Hall. There is a huge statue in the main hall. Every December 11th the Taiwanese government holds a ceremony to tell the public his achievements. Furthermore in the building there are thematic rooms where many documents and photographs display plenty of things related to Mr. ANON_NAME_0 Kai Shek such as his writing and clothing. From his stories and stuff people can know Taiwanese contemporary history and understand how difficult Taiwanese people struggled for living when the government came. The CKS Memorial Hall square is a spacious place so a variety of activities take place not only in the CKS Memorial Hall but also exterior the hall. It provides individual artistic or cultural groups an ideal place to hold art exhibitions. Many kinds of parades and bands are held every year. Moreover in the square there are two important traditional buildings like imperial palaces. One is the National Concert Hall which is the biggest concert in Taiwan. It has many kinds of classical and traditional concerts every day. The other is the National Theater which provides world class facilities for many professional groups to show their productions. As a result the most of famous and important activities are held in the CKS Memorial Hall square. For residents living in Taipei the CKS Memorial Hall square is also a popular park. Each corner in this block was designed to be different styles of gardens. For example there is Chinese style garden with a pool where colorful fish is living. Some bamboos and pine trees are planted. Especially in spring the scenery in the square is so marvelous. It forms a strong contrast view with the city because the area which is in the center of the capital is surrounded by many high buildings. Furthermore people can do a lot of kinds of exercises such as riding bicycles playing kites doing tai chi and playing chess. On the weekend the park is always full of laughs and many families spend a lot of time there for relaxing. If the place were not there where the people could hang out In conclusion the CKS Memorial Hall is really a wonderful landmark where people can learn about Taiwan history and participate in many activities. It also provides the residents a good place to relax in their free time. It is just like a green gemstone in a modern concrete jungle and comforts human body and soul.
