Eid Al fitr Holiday Saudi culture has many things that may interest you. For instance holidays ceremonies in Saudi Arabia are the most attractive things you should try to attend. Surely the Eid Al fitr is the best holiday. It is one of the special days Muslim family members are visiting their parents and relatives. This holiday is very unique because it follows Ramadhan requires a lot of preparations to be done many weeks ahead and has many attractive activities suitable for all ages. First of all Eid Al fitr is celebrated after the end of the holy month Ramadhan. Basically In Eid Al fitr Muslim people celebrate the completion of their fasting of Ramadhan. In fact Muslim people fast all days of Ramadhan. Everyday in Ramadhan they start fasting before the sunrise and break their fasting immediately after the sunset. Indeed they enjoy eating and drinking the whole night long. During Ramadhan Many families start preparing for Eid Al fitr. Based on the moon's birth time Ramadhan lasts thirty or twenty nine days. Last year Ramadhan lasted thirty days. In contrast it lasted twenty nine days the year before. Can you imagine how exciting is when you have such a very happy surprise like the announcement of Eid Al fitr Holiday. People try to be ready for such a surprise many days ahead. Next people prepare for Eid Al fitr many days in advance. For example new clothes and gifts are bought parents for their children. Usually the whole family goes shopping together. Not only do parents often buy gifts for their children but also they buy them for all the children in the extended family. When I was child I was so excited about collecting gifts for me and my relatives and neighbors. Moreover people start decorating their houses many days ahead and putting their final touches on it at the last night of Ramadhan. As a result I couldn't remember myself sleeping this night due to the huge amount of excitement I had. At the day of Eid Al fitr a lot of activities happen which fascinate people much. Immediately after the sunrise the whole family along with their children go to the mosque to pray a special prayer called the Eid Prayer. After that Usually the whole extended family members meet at the house of the oldest person in their family. During this party family members are celebrating together. Moreover the children are playing together and fascinated the most by the fireworks. The celebration of Eid Al fitr lasts for four days. Can you imagine four full days of joy and happiness. In conclusion Eid Al fitr is the holiday most Muslim people prefer for many reasons. Not only does it comes immediately after Ramadhan but also it needs a lot of preparation and it has many of fascinating activities for both adults and children. I recommend visiting my country as well as any Muslim country during Eid Al fitr if you are willing to have fun and meet generous people.
