Alfter Festival Day Alfter festival is one of the most popular celebration days in Saudi Arabia. I am glad to speak about this event because it reminds me of my home. Alfter festival is the spectacular unusual day to every Muslim because preparation activities and gifts that happened before and during this day. First of all Alfter festival is the biggest event in Saudi Arabia because of the great preparations for this day. Everyone on this day must wear new clothes so every family tries to get new clothes before this day. These new neat clothes must be worn in the early morning of this day. The Donation package usually a specific amount of rice and bread is prepared by a house father before the festival day. Also the grandfather's house must be decorated because every family gathers on this day in old the grandfather's house. For example my family usually decorates my grandfather house with lights and some flowers on the walls. Recently the local governments decorate the streets of the city with some lights and some flowers for this day. Furthermore the food is prepared by a host family. The tradition dish on this day is some rice and lamb meat on the rice. In addition some people add some salad and sweets on this day. In addition because we usually do many activities on this day I feel Alfter day is the busiest day in a whole year. Every house father in the early morning spreads his family donation to poor people in the city. Then all family members go to mosque to pray Aleed. As soon as praying is finished everyone moves to the old grandfather's house. In the grandfather's house we congratulate each other. After that we bring food and eat together. After eating food adult people begin to give candies and money to young people. At night fireworks are set off by children. But children must be watched by an adult. For me I enjoy eating meat and watching fireworks at night. Finally Alfter festival day is the most beautiful day because everyone receives gifts on this day. It is a tradition to exchange gifts with your family members and your close friends. Before we begin fireworks we usually exchange the gifts in my family. Sometimes the time of gifts differs from one family to another. It does not matter the gift is expensive or not. In fact the feelings of respect love and brotherhood are the most important things in exchanging gifts. Also when we exchange gifts we usually shake hands and thank each other. In brief Alfter festival is the most popular day to everyone in Saudi Arabia. Previous preparations activities and gifts on this day make it the biggest event everyone waits for every year in Saudi Arabia. I recommended my friends from different cultures to visit my country on this festival day.
