Avatar is one of movies that I like most. It is a science fiction film written and realized by James Cameron. The story occurs in the future when humans discover a moon that they call Pandora where live another people the Na'vi. The Na'vi who are not many feeds with products offered by their planet and practice spirituality. Humans find tracks of a precious mineral on this new planet. So many servicemen and a few scientists settle down in Pandora. The scientists succeed to interact with the people of Pandora who are very suspicious by creating hybrid bodies allowing humans to take the physical appearance of Pandora's people. Some humans whose former serviceman Jakes meet the Na'vi and learn a lot of things about their lives. Jakes falls in love with Neitiry who is the princess of the Na'vi. However the situation becomes complicated between Humans. In spite of the opposition of the humans avatar servicemen decide to attack the Na'vi and destroy a big part of Pandora for finding the mineral. Humans avatar become allied to the Na'vi to fight the servicemen and protect Pandora and its population. I like this movie for a great number of reasons. First I enjoy any movie realizing by James Cameron. He makes great successful movies an example of which is Titanic. Second actors were excellent whereas just some of whom were famous. Third I like the quality of the pictures most of which were created by computers. Fourth the film show beautiful landscape few of which were inspired by real place like the Chinese ANON_NAME_0 Shan mountains Finally I'd like to say that Avatar which is based on a book is a movie mixing imagination and reality. It was realized with the imagination of an adult remained a child who is James Cameron. The only criticism that I can make concerns the time of the movie It can be too long for people who do not like be sat in front of their TV. I would recommend this movie to any person who likes science fiction movie in which there are not only specials effects but also a story. Avatar is one of the movie for which James Cameron spent a lot of money and the result is very impressive.
