Using technological devices such as computers is harmful and isolates us from social life. When we close one eye and look at life through only one eye we are missing half of the truth. The fabulous thing that new technology gives makes us close the eye that sees the harmfulness and disadvantages of it. The new technological devices have many negative effects on the individual physically mentally and behaviorally. Many physical problems may result from using the new technology devices. Out of every five children there is one obese. It is a disaster because of the complications of obesity. Instead of playing with the other kids in the yard children today stay hours and hours in front of the TV and computer screens. Some children stay up to ten hours a day. A correspondence was found between obesity and other complex diseases like osteoporosis and stroke which may affect the child in the future. The absence of the ability of imagination and creativity are obvious evidence of the mental problems that result from using the new devices. Our children are missing the ability of Imagination and creativity because of their dependency on the new devices. They do not have to create new ideas or imagine when someone tells them a story because television stole these gifts. Previously children were competing to create and imagine. They were equating things not related together however their equation develops their ability to have alternative ideas for everything. Contacting with people via technological devices allows you talk to anyone at anytime and anywhere. That is true but that world is a virtual world. Nowadays when you sit with a teenager to talk this person may concern everyone in the world except you. Of course it is because of the new technology Blackberry cell phones. Teens start chatting together and they do not differentiate between class time and break time even at the time when the family sits together. This behavior is not only a kind of rudeness but it also has a harmful effect because the new generation becomes an introverted generation. It is difficult for them to survive in the real world because they are dreaming in the virtual one.
