In the new fast and modern world people now have the ability to communicate from remote distances . Technological devices have improved the standards of living . Technological devices have enhanced humans life . Although some people disagree with me but I believe that technological devices had incorporated a lot of great uses that made our life easier . People's initial ideas on technological devices is being modified with each new technological devices improve their life but deeper they think it cause harm and isolate us from the society . Technological devices have great benefits on people's life . Technological devices have a huge impact on the world of communication science and production . People now can communicate with other people from thousands miles because the new phenomenon of internet and cellular network . It also has helped people to overcome a lot of problems by including technological devices in their life's. Also in the world of production they used technological devices which seems compatible with their work . They start being creative using this advanced technology which have helped factories to build more products to achieve a target which is people's satisfaction. Technological devices also have of advantages to society . The world now is becoming smaller and smaller because of the technological devices which have made it easy to communicate . On the other hand technological devices also give people a sense of safety it make the world safer by adding new security systems . It improved people's education . Nowadays people can learn whatever they want to learn on the computer so it has made the society well educated . These days many people have different thoughts on technological devices . They think it has caused more harm then benefit . They says that it isolates the person from society by wasting time in using it in inappropriate way which modify their ideas and support it . They think that technological devices will affect the society negatively . In conclusion technological devices have a great benefits on the whole world and it has helped the people in the society to become stronger . However some people have different opinions on technological devices which I totally don't agree with them because they can't equate the advantages and the disadvantages of technological devices where are more people are reluctant to decide
