Learning Abroad One of the reasons for travelling abroad is studying especially learning another language. For example Hastings a small town in the UK receives approximately 60 000 students every summer while its population is about just 90 000 people. These students come to Hastings just to take English courses. This piece of information is not surprising I think because it is very important for someone who wants to learn any foreign language to travel to a country where his target language is spoken so he will be able to practice what he learns and strengthen it by acquiring some of its social culture. Living in a country where your new language is spoken gives you a good opportunity to practice it with native speakers for a long time everyday. Consequently you will be more likely to learn it properly. No one denies that practicing the new language is one of the most important factors in learning it but many people find it difficult to practice what they learn at home either because they cannot find native speakers or because they still feel like they are pretending or acting. When learners live in another country they will have to practice it as a part of their daily life needs. Therefore they will get used to hearing the language as it is spoken by native speakers and gradually speak it fluently. More importantly acquiring some cultural aspects by living in any country helps you understand the language spoken among its people. For example idioms and expressions cannot be understood apart from their culture even though they consist of everyday words. I remember when I first heard the expression Wake up and smell the coffee. I could not understand the meaning although I know the meaning of every single word. I believe that any culture is a part of its language and vice versa. Some people might argue that you can learn any language at home as long as you can have native speaking teachers and practice what you learn online. I agree that we can have native speaking teachers and practice the language by chatting online but I still believe that living in a foreign country where you have to use the language as a part of everyday needs is much better than just learning at home and pretending while using it in a virtual world. To sum up I think people should live in a country where the language they want to learn is spoken to be able to use it and expand their familiarity with it. In addition they will be able to avoid the distractions caused by their mother tongues.
