The Best Way to Learn a New Language Learning a second language can be one of the most fun and interesting experiences. Today there are numerous languages in the world. Some people think that you can learn another language in your own country. In each language there are many words that you cannot learn if you do not go to the country of the spoken language. Consequently traveling to another country to learn another language is necessary because it can give you the experience and opportunity to practice all the time and learn idioms or slang that you cannot learn in the region where you grew up. One of the principle reasons is that if you stay in the country where you live you cannot practice in normal situations. There are many words that you use in normal life situations. That is why it is important to be in the country of the language that you want to learn and have different interactions with native speakers. In my own experience it was not until I came to the U. S. And lived for a period of time that I learned things that I never learned studying English in my country. I learned all this because I practiced all the time when I went to the store in school in the market in my house and with my friends. You cannot do this in your country. The second important thing that you have to consider is that in every language there are idioms or slang. If you are not in the country of the spoken language you cannot learn idioms or slang. Many times I have experienced friends saying some words that I never heard before because I never learned them in school in my own country. These are some idioms or slang that I have learned since I moved to the U. S. Ain't isn't hit the road let's go give me some slack do not be hard on me break a leg good luck. I understand that some people do not incorporate traveling into their lives but they are very interested in learning a new language. Some people think that if you go to a good school or a good program in your country you can learn in an excellent way. However you are never going to have all the vocabulary of a native speaker and you are not going to have all the experience to practice wherever you go in normal life situations. Consequently you are not going to be a 100 speaker in another language. There are things that you are not going to learn if you do not go to the country of the language that you want to learn. If you want to have 100 confidence when you go to another country and you want be comparable with people in a normal way you have to spend time in the country of the language that you want to learn. Traveling to another country is definitely the best and fastest way to learn another language.
