Many people around the world are interested in learning foreign languages but the question is is it necessary to travel to the country where a language is spoken in order to learn the language Everyone has different situations such as physical condition and social situation which affect the decision but I will talk about this issue in general. From my perspective in order to be able to learn a new language it is necessary to travel to the country where a language is spoken to practice the language with native speakers and there are specialized institutes in the field of language education in those countries. The countries where a language is spoken have a lot of language institutes which have good and long experiences in the field of language learning. I can illustrate this with an example from my own experience. I experienced learning English in a language institute in my country. In fact I didn't gain any benefits from studying there. I think the reason is the institute does not have native teachers. Furthermore the main goal of opening institutes is collecting money from students. The next most important point is that you have to use the language in your life in the country where a language is spoken. It is not optional. Furthermore it is essential that you will speak with native speakers. In my own experience I had been using the English language in the university in my country for approximately five years and I have been using the English language in the United States for only four months. I feel my English language is so much better after these months than the five years which I spent in my country. In contrast I agree that there are many language institutes in my country and we can practice the language by watching TV and speaking with people who speak this language. However the language institutes in my country do not have enough experience in the field of learning language. Furthermore the teachers in these institutes are not native speakers and it is hard to find a person who can speak this language. I believe that it is necessary to travel to the country where a language is spoken because you can attend a good language institute and practice the language with native speakers. In conclusion I believe there is so much difference between learning the language in your country and learning the language in the country where is it spoken. That means it is necessary and so much better to travel to the country where a language is spoken. However that does not mean you cannot do anything to improve your language in your country. You can do many things such as watching TV and having conversations over the Internet. These are very helpful. In brief you have to take the earliest opportunity to travel to the country where a language spoken.
