Is your target to truly learn the second language Do you want a natural way to learn the language I think that it is necessary to travel to the country where the language is spoken in order to truly learn the language because traveling helps you improve your second language rapidly and learn the second language truly. First traveling helps you improve your second language. For example English is my second language. I have studied English more than ten years. I already studied grammar writing reading listening and speaking but I could not speak English when I first came to the US. I could not even understand that the cashier said when I went shopping. Day by day I realized that my listening improved quickly. Also I started to speak English gradually. Second traveling helps you truly learn language. When you travel to the foreign country you get know their culture first hand. It helps you learn the language the natural way. You will take part in many activities to learn the language. You can take the foreign language class. Your teacher is a native speaker he she can correct you when you make mistakes and give you explanation until you understand. On the other hand you can learn something else you have never learnt in your own country. When I first heard what is up . I did not understand the meaning I just rise up my head to look at the sky. Later I got the meaning. I made mistake first but I learnt from the real language situation. I agree that people say traveling to learn the foreign language is too expensive. You need to pay lots for your travel ticket lodgings food and tuition. However traveling to the foreign country to learn their language may be the best way. It is also a good opportunity to improve your foreign language skills. In conclusion I hope you change your mind to think about a way to learn a language. It is evident that traveling to the foreign country to learn their foreign language is a natural and efficient way. Do not hesitate just try it if you can afford.
