Learning a new language Do you know what the best way to acquire a new language is It is necessary to travel to a country where the language is spoken in order to truly learn the language because you will learn from native speakers and practice the language every day. In my perspective if you want to learn a new language I recommend you travel to a country where they speak the language you want to learn. You will learn from native speaking teachers. For example I took some English classes before I came to the US and the teacher was Arab and did not pronounce some words correctly. It is better to learn a language from native speakers because it will positively affect your pronunciation. The second reason to travel to the country where the language you want to learn is spoken is to use the language every day. It is necessary to practice the new language to be able to understand and speak well. For example my friend is studying English now in Saudi Arabia. His problem is he cannot find a native speaker to practice the language with. For me I am studying English in the US and I have to speak English all the time to live my life. For example I have to speak English to order food from restaurants or to ask for directions. I understand another perspective is that some people do not prefer to travel to another country to study a new language because it is expensive and it is far from your home. For example you have to buy a ticket pay rent and pay for school which is sometimes free in your own country. Also you lose your family life if you travel to another country. For example I miss my mother's food. However I believe it is worth traveling to a country where the language you want to learn is spoken in order to truly learn the language. In conclusion I recommend traveling to a country where the language is spoken . You will learn from native speakers and practice the language every day which will considerably impact your understanding. Even though it is expensive to travel it is worth it when learning a new language.
