Madain ANON_NAME_0 One of the most important interesting and note wealthy in Saudi Arabia is Madan ANON_NAME_0. Madain means Cities and ANON_NAME_0 refer to a man who was a head for his people Muslims believe that he was a profit . Most of people in Saudi Arabia know about them but the people out of Saudi Arabia don't know about them. Also most of the people in Saudi Arabia have heard about them but most of them don't know a lot about them. In this easy I will write some features of Madain ANON_NAME_0 which give the reader the needed information about it. Madain ANON_NAME_0 has an important location in Saudi Arabia. They exist in a small city in the northern west of Saudi Arabia. They are one of the most important area of ancient cities in Saudi Arabia. Also it was a road for most of the trade troops in the Arabian peninsula. They contain a houses sculptured in a mountains and a huge number of graves sculptured for those people. ANON_NAME_0 nations were existed 75 years B. C. And the number of the graves which exist now are around 150 000 grave. These graves made in a very artist way and they are made in a very beautiful way. There are a written behest next to each grave for the people who will come after them. The houses there looks very beautiful amazing and when you look at them you will never believe that those houses were made by people. There are a lot of research on Madain ANON_NAME_0 on the current period. Twenty years ago the Saudi Arabia doesn't give them the care but know and after the evolution and scientists' claims they have to take care of them. They are very important note wealthy not in Saudi Arabia but also in all the world. The holy Quran gives a story a bout ANON_NAME_0 nation and the holy Quran said that he was a profit for his nation. In the conclusion Madain ANON_NAME_0 are very important to know about the history of the previous ancients. Also they show something very interesting like sphinxes in Egypt. I haven't been their before because there aren't care and consideration for the historical places in Saudi Arabia. Finally in the future I will visit Madain ANON_NAME_0 and I'm sure that I will enjoy my time.
