Women in Saudi Arabia and The United State Nowadays most countries that want to improve and enhance their places in the world focus on the role of women. They try to give women big opportunities to assist in development their countries. Saudi Arabia is one of these countries that give women more opportunities now than in the past just as the United State does. But because there are different traditional cultures and religions between my country and the United State which affect society there are some similarities and differences between my country and the United State in the role of women. Education is one of the most fields that show some similarities and differences in the role of women in these two countries. In the past women in my country did not have more options to study but now women in my country have more choices to complete their studying as the women in America have. But unlike women of the USA can select any field of study women in Saudi Arabia are excluded from some majors that not suitable for female characters such as architecture. In addition students both male and female in the United State can study in the same school whereas girls in Saudi Arabia cannot attend the same school where guys attend because that is prohibited in Islam religion. Also in my country male teachers are not allowed to teach female students and female teachers are not allowed to work in male school while that is permissible in the United State. The other area that reveals the differences and similarities between the women in my country and the United State is the kinds of job that women can earn. The primary role for the women in both my country and America is to work in home and take care of their children. In addition not only the women in the USA are allowed to work out home but also the female in my country can work in some jobs. For example one of my sisters works as a teacher of mathematics in school girls. It is true that in my country there is some discrimination against woman work in the hospital with non mahram men who can marry her. This bias is caused by traditional culture of our community not by the Islamic rules. The Islamic law encourages women to work as doctors nurse . . . Etc. Nowadays this bias is started disappear. For instance my youngest sister works as a nurse in Khamis Mushayt Hospital but she must wear the hijab head covering when she works with non male relative. But in fact women in my country do not need to work because the male guardian must spend on them and their children conversely women in the United State should work to spend on themself and their children. In short types of job can show the similarities and dissimilarities between women in Saudi Arabia and the United State. Besides to the forms of job the public places and communities can clarify the differences and the similarities in the role of women between these two countries. Women in Saudi Arabia similar to the women in America can visit most civic places. However women in the United State can wear any clothes they want when they go outside home women in Saudi Arabia should cover all the parts of their bodies except hands faces and eyes by hijab and abaya a full black clock because these a dress are more convenient for their movements than other clothes and shows more respect when contact with other gender. These instructions came from Islamic law to protect them from sexual harassment and rape. Having returned from the Kingdom four weeks in an abaya and hijab I am angry and frustrated. As an analyst specializing in Saudi Arabia I knew much of what to expect thus covering and not being able to drive were nonissues. Landing in Jeddah I dropped ten degrees body temperature switching from linen to an abaya. Four weeks later I flew through to Atlanta without removing my abaya not only to test American reactions but bethe first time in my adult life men spoke directly to me rather than to a physique. That is respect . T. C. ANON_NAME_0 30 May 2005 Finally mobility is the last area that clarifies some obvious similarities and differences between my country and the United State. Despite the fact that women cannot drive cars in my country depending on our traditional culture they can move with their mahram or use private drivers. In addition women cannot travel from region to region without mahram it is forbidden according to the law of Islam because it is lead to go out of the house more than often and this would be the underlie cause of erosion and erase of our traditional culture. Also it will increase the rate of divorces. In the contrast women in the United State can move out from home when they want and where they want. Also they can drive cars alone. Lastly I believe that women will be able to drive their cars in the future in my country. But before that we need to modify our society to become suitable at that time and to protect our customs and Islamic law from extinction. King ANON_NAME_1 has said that he wants women to drive when the society is ready for it I believe strongly in the rights of women. My mother is a woman. My sister is a woman. My daughter is a woman. My wife is a woman. I believe the day will come when women will drive. In fact if you look at the areas of Saudi Arabia the desert and in the rural areas you will find that women do drive. The issue will require patience. In time I believe that it will be possible. I believe that patience is a virtue . Wikipedia mobility section 2. In conclusion the similarities and dissimilarities between women in Saudi Arabia and women in the United State are very obvious. Women remain under the Islamic Law and the traditional values in my country however most women in the United State leave most of their religion and values. It is true that western women seem more development and improvement but they now suffering from these conditions. References 1 Tanya C. ANON_NAME_0 30 May 2005 Open Letter to Saudis Arab News from ANON_URLSPAGE_2 Wikipedia Women's rights in Saudi Arabia mobility section from ANON URLPAGE
