When I have free time I like to do some entertainments. Everyday I have five classes and I always feel very tired after I go home. Due to the heavy classes I need to do some interesting activities for relaxing. Here are activities that entertain me when I have free time or want to relax. The most entertainment I like to do is sports. I usually do exercise five days a week. The exercises that I enjoy doing contain running and riding bicycle. I usually run in the park that has a lot of tree because the air is fresh. Every time I can forget unpleasant thing after I run. Riding bicycle is another sports that I am often to do. When I ride bicycle I always give myself a target. For instance I like to set up how many distance should I ride today. If I achieve my target I will feel a huge success. These sports not only make me relax but also let me have healthy body. That's why they are the greatest entertainment I like to do. The second most entertainment I like to do is hang out with friends. When I hang out with friends I feel very comfortable because we have the same interests such as going to the cinema or playing video game. If I do these activities myself I might feel very bored. However if I go along with my friends the situation would change. For example when I play video game with my friends sometime the video is very hard to complete. So we can share our idea and improve our skill. Then we can complete the video game. It always has a good time when I meet friends. The least entertainment I like to do is to visit exhibition. I am interested in art so visiting museums is one of my interests. The reason is I can realize the human history for visiting museum. For example when I saw the picture form seventeen century I can understand what the people of seventeen century did in their normal life. On the other hand these pictures are always amazing because they seem real. Sometime these pictures also inspire me and give me a new idea in my normal life. Therefore if I have free time the museum is one of the good choices to entertain myself. In summary these activities spend a lot of time in my life. They play a crucial role in my free time. They can cheer up me and reduce my pressure. I enjoy the process when I do these activities.
