Environmental Protection Law Is it enough Gabriella S hi hey do not have the commitment of controlling their industrial process to keep the environment protected against all kinds of pollution. Many people especially owners from industries complexes think that environmental protection laws go too far and that the amount of laws concerned with this issue and its inspections are out of control however it is crucial for a healthy and wealthy world that governments create specific laws to protect the environment against pollution from big industrial units. One of the biggest concerns nowadays is related to global warming. Consensus is growing among scientists governments and some business that they must act quickly to combat climate change. As a result Kyoto Protocol was created in 2005 and it was the first international agreement between countries all over the world to discuss issues related to the increase of temperature in the global and its effects on the earth. It is a fact that our climate is changing and it is getting warmer because the temperature has been increasing very slowly over the past years. According to scientists this is a consequence of high level gas emissions to the atmosphere such as methane carbon dioxide nitrous oxide HFCs sulfur hexafluoride and PFCs. These gases are also called greenhouse gases because they keep the heat in the earth's atmosphere increasing its temperature like a greenhouse. They are a result of the development of human activities industrial complexes combustions and also deforestations. Based on these facts the importance to control gas emissions and to have environmental laws establishing limits according to different type of gases is fundamental to control the maintenance of air quality and to combat and prevent global warming furthermore environmental laws should be imposed not only to control the level of greenhouse gas emissions but also to discourage the usage of old technologies which can contribute to the increasing of polluted emissions. According to an article from a recognized magazine the following step is to support the emerging world to encourage and to use new technologies. Instead of using gas guzzlers and plants that do not contribute to reduce pollution China and other countries should adopt cleaner and more efficient coal plants and new technologies such as hybrid or advanced diesel cars Carey Shapiro 2004. . What is needed are incentives to stimulate companies and big industries to make investments in advanced technology in developing countries. In agreement with this statement Brazil as other countries in which economies are developing and increasing emphasized the importance to receive financial help in order to implement their actions plan. The President Luis In wrennepohi 2010. . Opponents have some arguments against the establishment for gas emission's laws. The main one is related to costs. Industry initially refused to become fully invested pointing out high costs of investing in alternative technologies Parson 2003 . That is too cost to develop new low carbon technologies to solve problems of gas emissions is true however the world urges clean technologies to minimize the high level of emissions especially from industrial complexes. One of the reasons that the United States dismissed the agreement of Kyoto Protocol during Bush's government was the fact that the achievement of requirements would be too much expensive. Moreover the White House has even questioned the validity of the science behind global warming and claims that millions of jobs will be lost if the United States joins in this world pact. A fundamental objection to the argument contesting the validity of global warming is that scientists all over the world have proven that the climate is getting warmer because of greenhouse gases. To illustrate this point the global warming is related to the melting process of glaciers and arctic ice sheets which will trigger the rising sea levels and consequently flooding coastal areas like NYC London Shanghai etc. The global warming will trigger also lots of changes on weather patterns as draughts hurricanes disturbs on ecosystem and also health problems. More specifically it is known and proved with data that nine of the ten warmest years worldwide on record have occurred since 1994 and the arctic ice sheet has shrunk 20 since 1979. Opponents of greenhouse gases curbs say we should be able to adapt to a warmer world or even cool it down. According to ANON_NAME_1 Balling Jr. A climatologist at Arizona State University and coauthor of The Satanic Gases there will be engineering technologies that will allow our children's children to have whatever climate they want. This argument has no merit because to make this happen it would take lots of years of studies researches and lots of money and investments. Another argument against law's requirements to control gas emission is that this will require a complex emissions inventory and emissions forecast for the next years as well as specialized and qualified personnel to implement and monitor these aspects. For most of industrial owners and CEOs of big petrochemical units these factors will reduce the productivity and will increase the unit cost of products due to complex adaptations or changes in their process chain and structure of employees to support new activities. To some extent it is true to say that to implement all law's requirements of gas emissions is a hard and expensive challenge to achieve. Some say that we need additional environmental management tools to control all law's requirements Bean Hunter Lindenmayer Wilcove 2009 . I also agree that the costs involved to implement gas emissions controls at industrial plants are very high but it is a matter of choice to continue producing without any concerns about pollution and we will have to accept consequences in future or distribute better business profits in order to develop and implement new advanced technologies to control pollution. The world must see the threat and begin to respond. And more the world must figure out a way to permit countries as China India and other developing economies to growth with responsibility such as lowering the consumption of coal gasoline and other fossil fuels. Companies that pioneer low emission cars clean coal burning systems and hardier crop plants or find cheap ways to slash emissions will take over from those that cannot move as fast Carey Shapiro 2004. . As ANON_NAME_2 Mottershead said a distinguished adviser at British Petroleum Company There is a suite of technologies that are required and we need to unleash the talent inside business . Another controversial topic is related to the importance to control and reduce solid residues and to have environmental laws regarding this issue. While companies and even humans beings are generating more solid residues there are lots of overload landfills and limitations of treatment solid and contaminated residues. The role of environmental laws is to establish limits of amounts of solid residues which treatment or disposal is adequate and what are the mitigations actions to reduce these wastes. In addition the importance to control liquid wastes and to have environmental laws to control disposal of waste water to the sea or to rivers the importance to have emergency controls in case of huge leakages to oceans or ground waters and the importance to have containers to keep eventual leakages from tanks are crucial to keep a wealthy and healthy environment. Despite the fact that all these topics are originated from environmental laws most of them are not controlled or not implemented at all in most of industrial companies. Again the fundamental objection against the implementation of these laws is related to high costs the bad actor of the scene. Opponents argue that is very expensive to implement recycle policy for solid residuals and train all staff to follow the new rules about waste destination. They also point that it would be cheaper to send their residues to landfills or incineration process instead of what was done previously namely giving some treatment to fit in with regulated limits. Opponents also complain about the high costs involved in construction of containers for liquid product tanks to have emergencies procedures implemented and to have simulations scenarios established to train employees to control emergencies. While they are reluctant to implement and follow all environmental laws the world watches lots of disasters like huge amount of oil leakages into the sea with death of many of animals and water contamination with chemicals products destroying the ecosystem. Still I maintain that if companies follow the laws in order to protect the environment the number of emergencies and accidents will decrease. In particular some have the strong argument that social and economic development and poverty eradication are highest priorities than wasting resources and money to achieve sustainable development Trennepohi 2010. . In my opinion to a certain extent they are right based on the fact that social and economic aspects are very important however these are some of the roles of the government and not to the society to eradicate poverty and to improve or provide better social and economic conditions. To sum up I believe that environmental protection laws do not go too far furthermore they are not enough to guarantee a wealthy and healthy world for the next generations. The smartest way to grow is focusing on the development of economies with responsibility and seeking for sustainable and clean technologies. However it is up to us to take intelligent decisions to follow all environmental protection laws to decide which field or sector needs more investments or attention. To have environmental protection laws written on papers is easy but the challenge is to implement consciously hoping to make the world a better and safety world to live. References Bean M. J. Hunter M. L. Lindenmayer D. B. Wilcove D. S. 2009 . Thresholds and the Mismatch between Environmental Laws and Ecosystems. Conservation Biology vol. 23. Issue 4. Pp. 1053 1055. Carey J. Shapiro S. R. 2004 August 16 . Global Warming. BusinessWeek 3896 pp. 60 69. Parson E. 2003 . Protecting the Ozone Layer Science and Strategy. Oxford University Press Oxford. Trennepohi N. 2010 . Brazil's Policy on Climate Change Recent Legislation and Challenges to Implementation. CCLR Journal vol. 4. Pp. 271 277.
