In the past illiteracy was a common character in many societies. Few people were educated and able to teach who are interested in learning. In some villages the main source of seeking knowledge was the mayor who is commonly more educated than others because of the handicap in the ability of reading from a book. So that has limited the development of learning for a time. Today we are living in a time of an expansion of knowledge. People have an access to learn anything they are interested in and they can check the accuracy of what they learn instead of depending on one resource who teaches people what he wants them to know regardless the accuracy or inaccuracy of the information. Therefore the new access for seeking knowledge made people open minded and able to analysis what they learn. Although some people oppose knowledge seekers high school students to be able to choose classes in what they are interested in there is no plausible reason prevent them to have the choice. Teenagers do not have the experience to make a decision. This point has some merit on the surface however they can do it by consulting an academic advisor and their parents. People are born with different abilities and interests in learning. Consequently their brain and physical ability work excellently with something they like and that can encourage them to make the right decision. To illustrate this point you cannot force your son to play American football just because you like it at a time he likes to play baseball and you say still he is a child and he cannot make a decision. Actually he chose to play baseball because he feels his ability fits with this activity. Another example A. A. A. Who is a PhD student at University of Pittsburgh says that she is interested in computer science since she was a high school student. She decided to learn about this invention at a time no computer labs are available at her school. So she learned from her older brother who is a computer engineer about it until she became a professional one while she was still in the high school. A. A. A. By exploring her ability and consulting an expert made a successful decision which is learning about computer at a time schools only teach how to turn on and off the computer theoretically. Will A. A. A. Be a PhD student at University of Pittsburgh if we did not acknowledge her decision and prevent her from revealing her ability by forcing her to learn the traditional and useless classes Whereas it may be true that students should learn about specific topics even if they do not want to people have the freedom to learn what they believe in. Learning is like eating. Not only can you not force anyone to eat something he does not like but also you cannot teach him how to prepare it. Some teachers think students will learn if they forced them to have an exam in the subject even if they do not like it. In sharp contrast they just will spit out what they mandatorily had fed without getting any tiny benefit. Not only that but also people are free to learn what is useful for them. Some schools require studying classes contain fake information like in some history or religion classes which incites the violence in the society especially when the class materials biases against some students' believes. That is why we see 1 100 000 U. S. Children are being taught at home. Actually the reason behind revealing these schools because people are interested in building their own curriculum depending on what they believe in either religiously or politically where some people have no political motivation. Regardless my opinion about the religious schools or homeschools researchers tested 21 000 homeschoolers in the national exam and the median average was in 70th to 80th percentile. The homeschoolers outscored students in the public schools and Catholic schools which are consider the highest in their standard among the others. Henslin 2010 Even if they do not know what they will learn in college each college exhibits its curriculum and offers the prerequisites. Education system in some countries is flexible. So even if the student found that his decision was wrong he can fix that by re taking some of the classes that he missed or if he cannot do that he can make self study for these classes and have a placement test later. I do not know why some people do not believe in the youths' ability. If someone was born to be a linguistic and he knows he will be why do we force him to study tons of math classes Actually who gave some people the authority to control high school students' performance Anyway the ward wild web is compensating this problem temporary and we hope to see more schools allowing their students to choose what they like. Citation Henslin J. M. 2010 Sociology a down to earth approach 10th edition Boston Pearson.
