Drinking Alcohol should be banned Two months ago while I was going home I saw two adult people who were impact by alcohol fought each other outside a bar. After a moment a police officer came and finished this fighting. Then one week later I read an article reports that young people who become over 18 can marry and divorce but they can t drink alcohol in many countries because it is banned for people whose age under 21 so today these people try to make their governments allow them to consume alcohol legal. Therefore while many people ages 21 and above feel that governments of these countries should be lowering the drinking age to 18 I believe that drinking alcohol should be forbidden for all ages. First of all it is true that there are some health benefits for drinking alcohol. For example many epidemiological studies reveal that low to moderate intake of alcohol decline the risk of some heart diseases such as myocardial infarction and angina. Also another study indicates that drinking alcohol in moderation may lead to lowering of blood pressure. However these benefits rely on the amount of alcohol that consume. Therefore if people drink high amount of alcohol these advantages of drinking alcohol will change to disadvantages such as increase the risk of heart diseases and high blood pressure which increase the death risk. Addition to these diseases drinking alcohol with any amount can causes other health problems with long time intake. For instance many experimental studies show that people drinking alcohol may force different types of cancer such as oral cancer pharyngeal cancer liver cancer and cancer in upper digestive tract. Also according to a large number of epidemiological studies the rate of developing breast cancer rises by drinking alcohol in any amount Foster Marriot 20006 p. 315 . Moreover alcohol has effects in kidney functions. So People who drink alcohol will force developing of renal dysfunctions which may lead to kidney failure. Liver cirrhosis and peptic ulcer are the others diseases that may affect people drinking alcohol and these diseases will develop according to the amount intake. Finally consumption of alcohol during pregnancy causes fetal alcohol syndrome FAS characterized by a variety of congenital abnormalities decline baby birth weight small head size and an underdeveloped brain. Today there is a growing body of evidence suggesting that moderate alcohol intake during pregnancy may have an adverse effect on the fetus and subsequently the infant and child and binge drinking in early pregnancy may be particularly harmful Foster Marriot 2006 p. 317 . In short drinking alcohol has more disadvantages than its benefits on people s health. Enhancing economies is the other reason that makes many people said that governments should allow alcohol intake in their countries. Selling alcohol will provide a lot of jobs for citizens. For example there are a lot of employees in companies that produce different types of alcohol. Also taxes collected from selling alcohol help economics to improve their incomes. Also marketing alcohol at restaurants clubs discos and bars will give a lot of work to non worker. There is some truth in this however allowing consumption of alcohol causes many issues to the economic. First the total cost of alcohol relating harm increase in the counties that allow selling alcohol rather than the other countries which are banned drinking alcohol such as Saudi Arabia. Second the mortality of crimes rely on drinking alcohol significantly increase. People drinking alcohol are four times more likely to lose their temper and six times more likely to commit an act of violence. Also alcohol is the important cause in thousands of suicides and murders. Richardson and Budd 2003 reported that more than half of alcohol related violence between strangers and acquaintances occurs in or around pubs clubs or discos. It is not possible to identify record the causes of such events but it is recognized that impaired cognitive skills may lead to intoxicated individuals misreading social cues and responding inappropriately to social situations with ill treatment of others Foster Marriot 2006 p. 321 . In addition alcohol intake is the underlying cause of increasing traffic accidents. The department of transportation in the United States reports that because of driving under the influence of alcohol in America every thirty minutes there is one person who dies and every two minutes there is one person wounded Pennsylvania Department of Transportation n. D. P. 33 . Moreover people who injury form these accidents or violence have governments spend a lot of money to treat them. Also not only do damage cars form these accidents make governments waste more money to repair it but also government waste a lot of money to eliminate cars that they couldn t repair form their countries to protect the environment. Finally many people use the effects of drinking alcohol to manipulate other people because people who consume alcohol will lose their perception and they don t knew what happen around them. For example many men in the world make women have sex with them without get their consents by making them drink high amount of alcohol. Fifty percent of sexual assaults were made by people under the influence of alcohol Parkhill Abbey 2008 p. 533 . Finally not only people who consume alcohol affect themselves badly but also they will affect their families negatively. To some extent it is true to say that drinking alcohol makes people feel relax and comfortable in the weekend after working hard all weekdays. However despite the fact that it gives them some fun especially in parties such as birthday and wedding day to enjoy their happy events it will influence on their income. They will waste their money to buy alcohol. For example people spend around 8 to 12 just for a twelve pack of beer and it may be higher in some cases. So if one person drinks two beers a week for a year he will spend 312 in one year. This result doesn't seem like to much but what about person who usually drink one or two a day for a year The cost will rise to 2 184. Also if they make cars accidents or traffic violation their insurances will increase significantly. My best friend in America told me that his neighbor had arrested by police when he was going home. He didn t stop at stop sign because he was under the impact of alcohol so he stayed one month in prison. Also the company of his insurance raised his insurance. Nowadays he needs to spend more money for his car insurance but what would be happen to his wife and children if he made an accident. I will let you to imagine it. Addition to waste money drinking outside the home mean less time spent at home with their families and this will cause long distance between the members of their families. Also if they consume alcohol inside the home they will affect their children s behaviors badly because children always try to mimic their parents. Moreover children abuse is the most common issues that will be forced by people who under the influence of alcohol. Cathy and Susanne 2001 stated According to research estimates each year more than 1 million children in the United States experience some form of abuse or neglect. Child abuse is one of the many types of violence associated with alcohol use and abuse either as a consequence or as a causative factor p. 51 . Furthermore spouses similar to children are abused by their husbands who are under the influence. As a result separation may occur so the number of divorces will increase. Lastly there are many activities rather than drinking which person can do for fun such as dancing watching TV or playing football with other friends. In sum alcohol intake impacts the family unit and may lead to destroy it. In conclusion whereas most countries in the world allow people ages 21 and above to drink alcohol I believe that consumption of alcohol should be banned for all because the benefits of alcohol intake have no merit to compare with the disadvantages. Nowadays young people who are aged from 18 to 21 try to get approval from their countries to drink alcohol. So when they get approval for drinking alcohol the negative effects of drinking alcohol will increase rapidly and spread throughout the countries References 1 Foster R. K. Marriot H. E. 2006 . Alcohol consumption in the new millennium weighing up the risks and benefits for our health. Nutrition Bulletin 31 4 315 317 321. 2 Department of Transportation n. D. . Alcohol and Driving Pennsylvania Driver s Manual. Pennsylvania Department of Transportation 33. 3 Micheler P. Antonio A. 2008 . Does alcohol contribute to the confluence modal at sexual assault perpetration. Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology 27 6 533. 4 Windom C. S. Hiller S. 2001 Alcohol abuse as a risk factorfor and consequence of child abuse Alcohol Research Health 25 51.
