Mechanical Lower Back Pain Causes and Treatment Mechanical lower back pain is the soreness at the lower part of the back. This soreness has relationship with the prolonged bad static posture . For example prolonged sitting or standing with the back in forward bending posture which may in turn overstretch the back soft tissues muscles ligaments and tendons this overstretch stimulates nervous system which will via the brain send back pain massage to the back in order to make the person erects or decreases forward bending posture which in turn relax or decrease the pressure on the back muscles this biological mechanism may not last forever so in order to prevent or treat this kind of pain physical professionals invent special instructions techniques and devices which may help in decreasing bad posture and back pain eventually . First instructions which are the advices which may be given by physical therapist to direct the complaint towards the right more erect posture or decrease the time of stress. For example instructions regarding decreases sitting time to 45 minuets with interval resting time abut 10 minuets the complaint may stand up or stretch his back in this interval time. By this method the time of forward overstretching posture decreases so the stress on the soft tissues decrease and the pain may get less. Second techniques are the exercises given to correct bad posture . For example sitting in erected posture for 10 second then rest for 10 repetition then come back to the normal sitting posture the complaint can use this exercise at the time of rest after 45 minute of continuous sitting for instance or some back strengthening exercises they may build the tone in back muscles and stretch the forward bending muscles of the back the muscles which can keep you in forward bending posture if they shorten after prolonged sitting The last devices which are the material provided in order to decrease the pressure or correct the bad posture. For example lumber roll small round device from sponge usually strapped to the chair at the lumber area lower part of the back it might keep the back straight also tape can be used by sticking specific length of tape to cover the back vertebrae from just below the neck to the end of lumber this tape work as a reminder when ever the compliant bend to the forward bending posture the tape at his back will stretch reminding him to net go further . In conclusion bad posture can lead to mechanical lower back pain and by correcting the posture by using these instructions techniques and devices the person can protect his back from this problem or get red from it if he already has this problem.
