Name is something that is the one of the significant identity face in their childhood and in adult life. Parents usually prefer all that is going to be useful for their children. Because they love their own children a lot they buy them toys and give them cute names. In fact parents like to call own child by nice and unfamiliar names. From my perspective by naming children by unusual names can cause some problems in their childhood life and in the adult life as well. To begin with I am going to claim that every children needs an appropriate and an inspirational name. I believe in that the name of any person is a kind of picture. When someone hear our name he or she should already predict several characters of us. Also I think it is considerable to inspire your child from the beginning of the life. Hence giving a good inspiration can make life of your children positively different. My second pint is about their future life. Every of us early or late are going to live without our parents. Therefore from some period we began establishing career and finding new people. Building career started from colleges we study hard to reach our targets. Also when we far from home we try to find good friends because we need social life. Our identity or in original word our name is one of the important point in here. If you do not want to be kidded you should have an adequate name. Finally there are some rich people who believe that if they give unusual name their children can be very original. They think it should improve them and encourage their children. However they can not realize that how their children are going to have trouble in their contact with classmates or with new friends. They just want to seem distinct and show their uniqueness it is I think selfishness. In conclusion the name is a mirror of our soul and body. Therefore every parent should think before making decision. By naming child they should figure out every detail then give the name. If they want something unusual they should call this name in the family not out of it. They have to be clever in this way.
