People were changed in the last few years many things can be acceptable to do even unusual or strange things. In the street it's ok to see man with blue hair and very strange dress because we are living in the freedom period of time. Many people think that are usual things and no problem with it consequently the people start to find the strangest thing and they do it. Unusual kids names is the biggest problem the parent's think that will make their kids unique. I think it will make a big problem for them because of the kids will feel they are unusual and it will cause problem between parents and kids in future. Feeling of unusual situation can be affecting the person in positive and negative way. Unusual kids names can be one of the negative factors on the kids life by giving them feeling of unusual situation. The kid have a picture in his mind that he is like any other child in school or in TV cartoon this picture can have changed by the time. For example the kids with usual names will find many kids with the same names but the kid with unusual name will not and this maybe cause problem between kids and parents. Kids want to be normal like any other kids in the world and they want the normal life. Unusual names can make a big question mark in the kid mind and he will ask his parents why may name is like this and there is no answer can give the kid good excuse. Some kids will take this negative point against their parents and the kid will change his name in future. Parents should select good names for their kid to prevent these problems. Many parents think that the unusual kids' names don't affect their life. Some names can be acceptable to call your kids by them but not for all lifetime. Teenage is the next life period for the kids and in this time they will learn a lot of things about the life moreover they will start to look at themselves at a mirror to keep up with fashion but not with unusual names. The kid will be ashamed of his name in school or in front of public. I think the parents should use good names to prevent the psychological problems for their kids. If you want to prevent the unusual feeling for your kids and to live without any problems with them you have to choose the good names for them. You can find on the Internet some websites show the names with their meaning which is good thing to choose name with a good meaning. ANON_NAME_0 ANON_NAME_1
