TV viewing involves risks on children ANON_NAME_0 University of Pittsburgh English Language Institute Writing 5U July 15 2011 Some people believe that watching TV is trivial in their lives therefore there is little attention paid on children's TV viewing however according to some study television viewing can affect the mental social and physical health of young people Lawrie 1999 . I repute that TV viewing involves risks on not only mental problems but also physical problems on children especially at an early age. It is claimed that children can acquire information much more quickly watching TV than reading. To some extent it is true to say that watching TV can help the children develop the language comprehension and imagination. Nevertheless it must be pointed out that children learn passively by watching TV whereas their brains are more active when they read. Moreover watching requires little concentration. In sharp contrast reading requires not only focus but also it stimulates mental activity. To illustrate this point a longitudinal study in New Zealand involving 1000 people from childhood to 26 years of age demonstrated that television viewing in childhood and adolescence is associated with poor educational achievement by 12 years of age . According to some studies watching TV may lead to attention deficit disorders Kuchment Gillham 2008 . However in spite of all the potential dangers 90 percent of two year olds watch TV DVD or videos as a routine. In addition as a new study supports a previous recommendation by the American Academy of Pediatrics parents avoid letting children under age two watch television out of concern for how it might affect their development. As a result parents should be aware of how to make wise choice. The other mental aspect existing in watching TV is the self isolation. However it is widely held by the majority of parents that it is absolutely right to let children sit in front of the TV since it helps them to learn how to communicate with the others and realize a real world. This point has some merit on the surface however it is debatable whether watching TV is in fact benefit much in children's socialization. Many children are observed that they become absorbed in what they are watching in stead of contacting with the real people. What's worse they are so much addicted to the TV program that the parents have to shout at them to arouse their attentions. A 2002 article in Scientific American suggested that compulsive television watching television addiction was no different from any other addiction a finding backed up by reports of withdrawal symptoms among families forced by circumstance to cease watching. It has indicated that once other factors are controlled for television viewing appears to have little to no impact on cognitive performance contrary to previous thought. Watching TV in children especially at early age occurs with not only mental illness but also physical illness. An obvious fact is that children attached with too much TV viewing can be associated with the problem of obesity. Computers games and TV are the main reasons that prevent children from going outdoors or taking a walk. And watching too much TV also causes stress among children. Some children are prone to eating junk food right in front of the TV. They watch TV eating chips pizzas etc unmindful of the amount of calories they are consuming. They become overweight inevitably. The more fat they get the more reluctant they feel like to exercise themselves and they are winning the chance to be a fattest guy. Eventually they are trapped in the vicious circle which is hard for them to overcome. While watching TV has its own advantages in terms of educating the children addition is what need to be avoided. Watching their favourite talent show or quiz show for half an hour is rational but spending about half a day in front of the TV is bound to exacerbate the problem of child obesity even further. Parents as responsible individuals must take it upon themselves to restrict TV watching time in children and engage them in other active sports and games. In stark contrast another risk caused by TV viewing is malnutrition in children. Research over several decades has established definitively that children''s television consumption has negative nutritional consequences for its young viewers. Nearly all studies in this area have focused either on the advertisements interspersed with children''s programs or on the overall act of television viewing. Also the recent studies that have looked directly at the content of children''s programs themselves with respect to nutrition were limited to prime time programming remains the same on child malnutrition. As a result the question remains whether children''s television programs themselves carry negative nutritional implications or whether the problems appear exclusively in the advertisements and the general act of watching television. The last physical problem mentioned here is the sleeping problem. As a new study suggests Five and six year old children who watch television especially police dramas news broadcasts and movies directed at adults have a markedly increased risk for sleep problems Bakalar 2006 . What they found was that kids who had a television in their bedroom watched significantly more television video and that these were the children who suffered as a result. These kids experienced more nightmares had problems falling asleep and staying asleep were more difficult to awaken the next morning and complained of more daytime tiredness. Television viewing is a major activity and influence on children and adolescents. Children in the United States watch an average of three to four hours of television a day. By the time of high school graduation they will have spent more time watching television than they have in the classroom. While television can entertain inform and keep our children company it may also influence them in undesirable ways. Despite the fact that many people consider that watching TV can help children develop their language and social abilities I still believe that watching TV should be supervised by parents especially for the young kids since too much TV viewing not only triggers a couple of metal problems such as attention deficit disorders and self isolation but also arouse the potential risks on physical problems on obesity malnutrition and sleeping disorders. In addition parents can help by doing the following don't allow children to watch long blocks of TV but help them select individual programs. Choose shows that meet the developmental needs of your child. Children's shows on public TV are appropriate but soap operas adult sitcoms and adult talk shows are not. Set certain periods when the television will be off. Study times are for learning not for sitting in front of the TV doing homework. Meal times are a good time for family members to talk with each other not for watching television. Reference Lawrie M. 1999 Pediatricians suggest limits on TV viewing by children. New York Times 8 4 1999 p1 0p Kuchment A . Gillham C. 2008 Kids To TV or Not TV. Newsweek 2 18 2008 Vol. 151 Issue 7 p60 60. Bakalar B. 2006 Vital signs habits more TV less sleep a children's study finds. New York Times 6 13 2006 p6.
