organ transplantation Indent Organ transplantation is one of the most important medical discoveries in the last century because it helps many people regain their life. In the past when someone was suffering from kidney heart lung and stomach problems they had limited cure option. Sometimes they take medication for limited time then they die but in these days patients have more opportunities. Therefore patients who suffer from these diseases look for a donor who agrees to give one of his organs to the patient. This situation is very difficult because the organs most of the time are taken from a person who is just died especially healthy person who died suddenly or in a car accident or other causes. For example my friend's father was suffering from a kidney complications and he needed an immediate kidney transfer. His family went through a lot trying to find a donor and they offer to pay money to the donor. For instance they thought that they will not succeed but in less than a month we heard that a young man who we knew very well died in a car accident and their parents offer to give his kidney to my friend's father. It was a difficult moments for both family. Also a moment of joy for the donor family who will be able to see their father again it felt like one person died in order to rescue another person's life and that is how the life cycle continues. I think that every person who is able to rescue another person's life should do the best he can. OF course this decision needs wisdom and knowledge because in five hours the doctors must do the transfer which include two surgery one for the donor and another for the sick patient. We should mention that this kind of surgery is progress and these days it is easier than before. Furthermore organ transplant has some consequences such as the body may reject the organ or the donor blood doesn't much the patients blood. In addiction patients usually go through a lot of lab work and ex tray in order to do this surgery. The patient and the donor should have some matching result to arrive to the point where the doctors will be able to do the surgery. Still the organ transplantation is an important discovery because it had saved many lives and helped others to decrease their pine also it offered better life for sick patient who have after this surgery a opportunity to came back to their normal life style.
