Thanks to the computers' occurring the world is shrinking. The computer is the greatest significant invention in the late 20's century and it becomes increase popular in the world. How can we image that if we live without computers It could be that more employees will be recruited for companies' operation more paper work will be done for individuals' assignment and more time will be spent for resources' seeking. Obviously most companies will increase employees without computers. Basically the computer can be instead of some of work that people used to do and companies expect that the more computers done the fewer employees needed because the investment for the computer is much cheaper than for the salary should be paid for the people. Thus without computers the company must recruit more workers for maintaining the productivity. Without computers the individual will get more paper work to do. You should put everything that previously wrote in computers on papers. For instance you need write the words and draw pictures on your papers rather than computers you also need to demonstrate the projects using papers in stead of computers. Without the applications on computers it will cost you more time to doing tasks on papers. It will less effective to obtain resources without computers. Previously people can access the Internet at anytime to focus on what has happened recently and acquire the on demand information what they are looking for. Unfortunately without computers we should gain information through newspapers books or advertisements. Otherwise we need go to library searching the index from A to Z to collect resources. In addition we need communicate with others to acquire information. All of these are spent more time than computers to accomplish. The computer has been playing a huge role in the world it has associated with the whole world. Without computers companies must multiply labor force individuals must add paper works and resources must extend searching time to fill in the blanks which that were done by computers.
