Previously people lived their life depend on telephones. Although there was a telephone in each home it was hard to reach the person you want. For instance while the person out of the house no one can contact him or her. In 1973 Motorola invent the first mobile device that provides great service for specific people. Nowadays cell phone is considered a necessity by different categories of people. Cellphone has positive as well as a negative impact on people life in terms of communication health economy. Cell phone is one of the greatest invention that contribute on strengthen communication among people. Cell phone offers the ability to communicate with people who you love as a result relationships will become close and intimate. For example previously communicate with people while you were traveling was very hard but now you can contact with people as same as you are in your town. On the other hand cell phones are not able to convey emotion as much as face to face communication. We always hear that cell phones destruct people's health however cell phone is a helpful invention for health. Cell phones provide convinces to people in order to preserve their health. For instance cell phone is a tiny device you can use wherever you want instead of moving or traveling along distance to find telephone. Besides People always have access to call for help when they have emergency health problem. However studies and researches show that cell phone uses cause cancer and many diseases. The whispered use of cell phone helps to improve the economic. For instance Mobile industrial have contributed to provide jobs that will reduce unemployment. Personally the cost of call is become chipper comparing with last decades. Nowadays doesn't matter you are poor or rich to acquire cell phone and make a call. However the necessity of having a cell phone impacts your budget in order to pay bills every month. In conclusion no one can deny that cell phone profoundly impacts on people's life. However people should be aware of positive and negative effects of using cell phones. Mobile greatly positively effect on communication while it significantly negatively effect on health.
