A Big Change after Inventing Cell phone Obviously the world is full of technology now. Especially cell phone is the most important invention in the world because we cannot live without it. For example people make a payment talk with each other schedule daily life make a reservation and so on. Before the cell phone invented we should bring all kinds of stuff like Digital camera MP3 player Credit card or something. But now people need to bear only their cell phone instead of those things. I can say there are 4 definite changes for using cell phone whether it is good or not. From now on let us see the positive effect about cell phone. First cell phone gives us an enormous convenience. You don't need to bring all of appliance. For instance Smart phone the most popular cell phone makes you can do many thing. You can connect the internet you can contact with your friends and you can manage your time easily. This is the most useful merit of using cell phone. Secondly you can communicate with others regardless of place. In modern society we can say community is our small society. Furthermore communication is the most important part among the people. In this point cell phone contributes a lot of efforts to communicate with each other wherever you are. It is innovative invention and culture. On the other hand in spite of these advantages there are some bad effects for using cell phone. One is the electromagnetic wave. Cell phone emits a lot of electromagnetic waves to us. It is so bad for our health and even it can trigger some dangerous illness. Moreover you can easily get 'mobile addiction' which means that people cannot stop using cell phone in anytime anywhere. It is very severe mental disease. And it makes you concentrate on texting chatting and playing game something like that. It might destroy your spiritual health. Nowadays cell phone is a part of our live. But it can be both positive and negative. Cell phone gets us to be convenient communicate well. On contrary it gives some side effect such as electromagnetic waves and mobile addiction to us. Therefore you should be careful to use cell phone on appropriate time or place.
