The internet plays a very important role in the modern life especially for the students and young people. Approximately all the services are related to the internet in one way or another. The absence of the internet access affects my life in different aspects. If I dont have access to the internet I will waste more time get bored and spend more money. As a result of the absence of internet access my life will become inconvenient due to the long time I have to spend in order to finish my duties. For example I can submit my homework immediately on the OSS when I am able to access the internet but I cant do that without the internet and I have to print out the homework and I might be late. Another example of how the internet facilitates my life and make it much easier is paying the bills online. For example I can pay the electricity bill in less than one minute from home by going to the company website and save my time and effort of driving. My life will be more boring without the internet access because the wide variety of entertainments the internet has. For instance there are hundreds of websites that allow me to watch movies news and games and have a wonderful time of pleasure such as youtube. Also I can use the social networks such as facebook and twitter to talk to my family and friends catch up on all the news and feel less lonely. Finally I will spend more money in the absence of the internet because many websites have special offers and discounts for the people who use the online paying. For example in the website Booking you will find a much cheaper prices for flights or hotels than the one that will be offered by the travel agency office. Moreover you will save the money that you are going to pay for a taxi or a bus to take you to the travel agency office for example. Although some people still dont trust the use of the internet and dont appreciate its financial and social benefits I think having an internet access is the best way to save time have fun and pay less money.
