Happiness Happiness is a great feeling to achieve . It enriches our life to change it for the better. Everyone in this life wants to obtain happiness by achieving hi goals and improving his social life. The term Happiness has different meaning between peoples. Some people think that a real key to happiness is how to earn a huge fortune. However another people think that a real happiness is synonymous with good health. There are three methods for getting happiness have better health and security improve our education and have a strong relationship with our families and friends. First of all it is essential for everyone in this life to have a good health. In my perspective a health is the most significant reasons for achieving a real happiness. Obviously being in good health and live without any illness is a big step toward happiness. Another aspect that related to health is how to acquire a peace of mind. Living in secure places and a safe country enhance our behavior to produce more and more and help our society to achieve great success. Following the health improving our education by acquiring knowledge and degree is the principle ambition for every individual in this life. In fact education is one aspect that must be improved in every nation in this world. As we know different countries developed the education and prompt their students to study and search. Consequently the students were able to get a better degree and make them happy. For instance obtain a high degree and complete our education resulted in a better opportunity to get a secure job. Working hard and getting higher education had an effect on the job opportunities. For example getting higher degree helps to earn more money and improve the standard of living. Finally having a strong relationship with our families and friends had a great effect on our life. If we communicate and cooperate with our families and friends we will able to change the community for the better. Moreover respecting each other and working together to help poor families play an important role to make our relation deeper. Also it would affect the growth and the future of a person. It is a good experience that helps the youth to develop a human relationship and skills for joining the society. In conclusion it is a crucial aspect to have a positive relationship improve our education and better health. All of these factors affect and prompt our life and gives us happiness. In general happiness is going to be a great feeling if we achieved a satisfaction and exceeded our expectation for future to get a beautiful life.
