Cherry 2011 10 16 Effects of Technology I know a Chinese famous story named Journey to the West which talks about 4 Buddhists who spend several years going to the west for Buddhist scripture. I also remember a historical event which about a princess married to Tibet in Tang Dynasty and she took half a year when she arrived in Tibet. How about now We just take several hours by airplane if we want to visit another city or country although we take a train a long distance bus or drive our own car it's also just need a little more hour than airplane to arrive our destination. Do you see what a big change in here Why it's become different Actually we can attribute all of these big changes to the effects of technology. Because of the most famous event the first industrial revolution happened in 18 century Productivity had a dramatic development and technology brought a huge change in industry and people's daily life. For example the shuttle flying was invented by a mechanic who named Kaye in 1773 then the weaver Hargreaves invented Spinning ANON_NAME_0 in 1765 both of these two inventions improved the cotton production greatly. More important the emergence of the steam engine in 1785 has a huge influence in various kinds of industries. Furthermore as the result of this wonderful invention George Stephenson invented the steam locomotive in 1814 which really brought a big change in transportation and started to shorten the distance of the world. As time goes by the second industrial revolution came. During that time all kinds of technology got the leaping enhancement. The world from the steam age went into the electric age due to the widely use of electric power which promoted electric power industry and manufacturing industry growing vigorously. Since the invention of electromotor power and mechanical energy can be exchanged. It laid a solid foundation for other electrical products why I said this because after electromotor electric light car drill and so on had sprung up out. In 1883 the German engineer Daimler had successfully made the internal combustion engine after this in 1885 another German mechanic engineer Karl Friedrich Benz invented the first car in 1903 American the Wright brothers made the first airplane. Besides other important things which changed people's life are radiogram and telephone. All of these remarkable achievements reduced the distance between country and country people and people. They changed the world with unbelievable speed and made it become such better. In the third science and technology revolution science and technology played a more and more important role in promote the development of productivity. There were all kinds of high technology such as synthetic materials molecular biology and genetic engineering. Moreover the use of nuclear engineering technology space technology and computer are the symbols of this revolution. This revolution leaded to the change of labor way and lifestyle modernize everything around people more connected with all over even promote the development of social and economic structure. Although there are uncountable positive advantages but it's evident and enough for us to know that technology's change can bring enormous effects all over the world. Let's to think about it if no one invented steam engine there would not have the first steam locomotive. If the electric didn't be found we couldn't use anything which needs electric in daily life. If the train the car the airplane didn't be made successful we might take a long time to go another places or stay one place forever. So in summary if we didn't have those great revolutions can you imagine what kind of life we would have So it's easy to understand that the effects of technology give us a convenient beautiful and modern life which allow us travel around the world study abroad make new friends who from other country. How lucky we live in this modern time.
