Causes of Happines Causes of happiness vary from one person to another. Many people can't find happiness even if they have everything. There are three causes of happiness having positive view of life having stability and having the basics proper life requirement. Having positive view of life is important. If you look to the life from a positive prospective you will find happiness. Moreover positive view can get you out from any obstacle because you can always see the bright side. For example my friend has a negative view of life. Whenever she gets something she always sees the bad things in it and thinks that the grass on the other side is greener. For example she just moved to a marvelous apartment that is a little bit far away from work. Other than that everything thing is extremely nice. She always complains about the 10 minutes extra she has to drive everyday which made her not enjoy her new apartment. Having stability means having normal steady life with good job happy marriage good health and supportive family. Imagine someone how is always fighting with his her spouse or has cancer. Is it more likely that person will be happy Most likely no. Having the basic life requirement like decent house car food etc is essential in having a healthy life. If you have the basics to live then you have what it takes to be happy. For example a friend of mine is always in debt because she doesn't earn enough money to pay her bills for her and her children. She always under stress and fighting to feed her children. Although she always smiles but I can see from her eyes that she is hurt and wanting to live a decent life. In order to live a happy life see the things from a positive view. Whenever you face a situation only you can decide how it should affect you. So from now on decide to make everything in your life to affect you positively. In addition work to have healthy relationships with those who are around and take care of your health and job. Also enough money to sustain decent living is essential to increase your happiness.
