Happiness In my opinion if a person without happiness is very regretful. Why Happiness makes us have a bright vision to look life it also makes us have a relaxed mood to face difficulties. Getting good grades makes students happy having a healthy body makes the aged happy and beautiful view makes viewers happy. So you see happiness is an easy thing. For me there are three factors which make me happy my parents foreign life and self relaxation. Coming from a divorced family helps me realize parents are important their love is my cherished treasure. Maybe others people think divorced family kids are pitiful however I disagree with them. Kids like me are the same with others our parents still love us deeply. My parents will stay with me when they are having free time sometimes I will go out with my mother to shopping or take a walk with my father after dinner. And everytime my birthday is coming mother and father will prepare a present for me. The most exciting moment is when I open my presents I received a watch from father and a pretty necklace from mother last birthday. I love them so much. Except for life conditions my parents always give me a hand when I meet troubles. They are not only my parents but also they are my friends. Coming from a divorced family is not a big deal parents love me and stay with me is my happiness. A colorful foreign life will be a happy memory in my mind making me meet so many interesting things. I live been Pittsburgh for about half one month seeing the western construction and getting along with foreign people are exciting for me. All things are new and lovely. Firstly I want to talk about life in tower. My roommates named Liz who is a American she helps me in many perspectives includes life and study. Sometimes I can not understand one word's mean she will give me a hand. And since my speaking English and listening skill are not well she has recommend me some foreign movies to improve my English. How nice she is. Secondly there are many activities on weekends such as football games or other activities. I went to see fire work of pitt homecoming with Liz on this weekend. It was so beautiful! I do believe that there will be more funny things happened when I study in Pittsburgh. Furthermore I have a special hobby which is staying alone during some leisure time. I will meet some trouble is inevitable during study time staying alone help me ponder problems. Also I make use of my leisure time to do things what I liked such as watch TV plays take photos on campus draw pictures and so on. Although my paint skill is bad I love paint so much. Doing what I like to do and thinking what I need to do is important for me it makes me happy and remind me what my goal is. Parents make me warm and know about what the love is. Colorful foreign life creates a great number of lovely memory in my mind. And self relaxation helps me have a peace and happy mood to face life. Most of people have own happy thins let us keep on smiling on everyday!
