Library and information sciences A library is very important thing in our lives as students. We can't do our research and assignments without it. For that reason when I graduate from high school I went to the library and information sciences school. I studied how to organize the knowledge and make students search for the information that they want easily. My major has several fields like information classification and cataloging and libraries. We have to study all of them when we are undergraduate students but we have to select a specific field for master and PhD. We should participate in special activities that support our major like have training classes in the university library for two days a week to improve our knowledge about our major. Usually we haven't work like part time job in this period because we have a lot of things to do and working graduate student is against the law. The information field focuses on how to build and organize databases. In addition it shows how to retrieve specific information from millions and millions of sources of information. The student who wants to study this field has to be a student with a good background with computers and networks to be able to handle it for example programming databases networks and soft wares. Classification and cataloging field are similar because they organize books and magazines on shelves. The librarian uses letters and numbers to organize items. This operation is very important for readers to find their books without any difficulty. Libraries are different depending on the society that the library serves such as academic libraries public libraries specialist libraries and kid libraries. However all types of libraries use the same plan and strategy to organize their collections and provide a wonderful service to their readers. In conclusion we can notice that the goal of the library and information sciences is to teach the students how to organize books and the other information resources in an easy way to help the people who come to the library to find what they want in an easiest way.
