Causes of Happiness What the happiness is important for us. Most of people like to make friend with the person who has a sense of humor because happiness can make you relax and enjoy your life. You can find the enjoyable things in the wonderful world so that you will be happy forever. There are three points that can bring us happiness family and friends health and food. Firstly we are not alone because we can share everything with our family and friends such as shopping or chatting with each other. Many activities will be more interesting than something you should do alone. For instance maybe I am a humorous girl so I always find funny jokes to make my friends laugh. I love the smile on their faces as result I will be happy. That is the reason why the happiness is contagious. Another example is that I prefer to chat with my friends rather than stay in my room without anyone. If I watch a movie I can talk about the fascinating part of this movie with my friends. That will be a cheerful way for us to share our feelings about the movie. That is why sharing can make people comfortable. The following cause is that the healthy body is an important foundation that can support your happiness. If you are sick that will affect your mood. Even when you go shopping maybe you will feel uncomfortable because of the effective medicine. That is an unsatisfied condition for everyone. But if you always do exercise and eat healthy in your life you will be healthy and you will have enthusiasm to play with your friends and do everything you want to do. This kind of life is a happy approach for people. Finally food not only satisfies our stomach but also it can satisfy our mood. Many people have a habit of eating a lot after some unfortunate things. According to one research from a magazine food can affect people's feelings. My friend likes to eat the sweet cakes because this cake can bring her a good mood. For me delicious food is the factor in being happy. In conclusion being with people who live together around us having a good body and enjoyable eating can enrich our colorful life and make everyone happy. If others are happy you will feel good. You can try to do this because it will not cost you anything.
