In the United Stated Friday is the last day of the workweek for must people and Sunday is usually a day off. There is an expression for young people in the US for Fridays they call this day TGIF Thank God it's Friday but why Friday and not Sunday Fridays is the first day in weekend and the Sunday is the last day in weekend. Some people say the activity in Fridays are different than in Sunday and this will take us to question what is a different between Fridays and Sundays There are variety things we need to compare these two days such as sleeping time study or work type of meal that you eat and so on. First of all usually people who work or have school they get up early on Fridays but in Sundays they do not have to get up early like Fridays. This is because most of people have school or work on Fridays so they have to weak up early to go to their job or school however on Sundays which is kind of holyday for some people they do not have to work or go to school. On the other hand people usually sleep late on Fridays on the contrary people on Sundays sleep early because they have to get early to their work or school. Second people on Fridays have different activity than what they do on Sundays. For example most people have to work or to go to school on Fridays while others they do not have to go their work or school on Sundays. Also some people on Sundays prefer to reserve it for their family to spend time with them whereas on Fridays they usually try to get relax to get energy after a heavy week of working or studying. Some students prefer to study on Friday which good for people who does not have good memory to study on Sunday while other students prefer to study on Sunday because they want to review for new classes and they do their homework. Finally everyone has different schedule than other. Some people have different time of sleeping and other have different activity while other prefer to spend the weekend with their family the other want to spend it with their friends. So everyone has his or her schedule some people they do things on Fridays and other do the same things on Sundays. No matter what do you do the crucial is do you enjoy it or not
