The cause of happiness What can cause us to feel happy Everyone loves to chase their happiness because they hope they can be happy forever like the end of the fairy tale. Therefore different people will do different things to make them feel happy. From my perspective getting new knowledge having fun with friends or family and traveling around the world are three causes of my happiness. To begin with I love getting new knowledge from learning new things. I feel excited when I acquired new knowledge through reading searching the Internet watching TV and talking with friends who are in different fields. In addition I enjoy learning different things such as cooking painting driving and playing an instrument. As a result I can satisfy myself through these learning processes. Second I acquire lots of fun from hanging out with my friends or family. Because they usually can read my mind I feel comfortable and relax when I get along with them. We usually plan many activities to have fun and share many things. For example we go traveling have a tea time watch movies watch sport games and do exercise to share our lives. So I always can release my pressure and have fun with them. Finally traveling around the world is my dream. I hope I can see this world connect with different cultures and taste different types of foods. Moreover I love to make friends who are from different countries and different cultures. Because our life and culture backgrounds are different I usually can find many interesting things from them and love to share my culture with them. Obviously I can expand my field of vision and make a lot of friends from different countries by cultural exchange and traveling around the world. So if I can travel around the world I can make lots of friends from different countries. In conclusion happiness is a significant part of our lives. Many people believe to achieve happiness is their goal of their lives which is the same as mine. In my opinion I love getting up to date knowledge hanging out with friends or family and visiting different countries to chase my happiness. Life is short so we should spend our lives on beautiful and happy things.
