ANON_NAME_0 writing4 10 24 2011 Causes of happiness Initially happiness is important to human. Some people don't find it. Therefore some of them go to clinic psychological and some of them use drugs. Because who consider the drugs causes of happiness. But there are a lot of people who put his her target and pursuit of this goal causes happiness. Also some people think cooperation with or assistance a poor is the causes of happiness especially if they are volunteer. However there are many causes of happiness for me including visiting my relatives or friends traveling and enjoying weather. First of all traveling is causes of happiness for me. I am architect. Therefore I love to explore places of ancient architecture. As a result I chose Pittsburgh when I came to the USA. Because it contains of many historic buildings. Also approximately 3 years ago I went to Egypt to see the pyramids. When I travel I take a camera with me to take a picture for beautiful buildings so that I have a concept for the design of buildings. I would like to say that the traveling to new place is causes happiness for me. On the other hand because my personality is sociable I love visiting my friends and relatives and I consider visiting cause of happiness for me. Furthermore I grew up in a small town because I didn't have house in Riyadh. So I used to visit my relatives every week. Until now if I meet with them or I call them cell phone I am feeling happiness. Sometimes when I send some latter or I chat with categories of people are causes of happiness for me such as students. As some teacher said if you practice speaking with some students every day you will increase your vocabulary. Finally another cause of happiness is enjoying the weather. Because the weather isn't good in my country. I didn't work very well especially in the summer. In fact the weather in Pittsburgh is very beautiful. Therefore sometimes I go to a park with my family and we take some souvenir pictures. As well I can design some houses with good idea to achieve standards of quality and safety. Because when I design I look for a quiet place even there is no mistake in the design. To sum up there are many causes of happiness in our lives. Causes of happiness for me are visiting my relatives explore new places and enjoying weather. From my point of view I advise you to travel because you will explore new places. In addition you learn some of the traditions.
