Effects of Technology There is a famous Chinese story named Journey to the West which talks about four Buddhists who spend several years going to the west for Buddhist scripture. Also there is another historical event about a princess went to Tibet in Tang Dynasty and she took half a year for this trip. How about now We just take several hours by airplane if we want to visit another cities or countries. Even if we take a train a long distance bus or drive our own cars it also just needs a little more hour than airplane to arrive in our destinations. Do you see what a big change Why it become so different Actually we can attribute all of these big changes to the effects of technology. Because of the first industrial revolution which happened in the 18th century productivity had a dramatic development and technology brought a huge change in industry and people's daily life. For example the flying shuttle was invented by a mechanic who named Kaye in 1773 then the weaver Hargreaves developed the Spinning ANON_NAME_0 in 1765. Both of these two inventions improved the cotton production greatly. More important the emergence of the steam engine in 1785 has a huge influence over various kinds of industries. Furthermore as a result of this wonderful invention George Stephenson created the steam locomotive in 1814 which really brought a big change in transportation and started to shorten the distance of the world. As time goes by the second industrial revolution came. During that time all kinds of technology took a great leap forward. The world from the steam age went into the electric age due to the wide use of electric power which stimulated the electric power industry and manufacturing industry growing vigorously. Since the invention of the electromotor power and mechanical energy can be exchanged. It laid a solid foundation for other electrical products. Why I said this because after the electromotor electric light car drill and so on had sprung up in 1883 the German engineer Daimler made the internal combustion engine successfully. After this in 1885 another German mechanic engineer Karl Friedrich Benz invented the first car. In 1903 American the Wright brothers made the first airplane. Besides other important things which changed people's life are radiogram and telephone. All of these remarkable achievements shorten the distance between country and country people and people. They changed the world in unbelievable speed and made it become much better. In the third science and technology revolution science and technology played a more and more important role in promote the development of productivity. There were all kinds of high technology such as synthetic materials molecular biology and genetic engineering. Moreover the use of nuclear engineering technology space technology and computers are the symbols of this revolution. This revolution leads to the change of lifestyle which includes daily life and work modernized everything around people closer and closer with all over and even developed the social and economic structure. Although there are more uncountable positive advantages it's evident and enough for us to know that technology's change can bring enormous effects all over the world. Let's to think about it if no one has invented the steam engine there would not have been the first steam locomotive. If the electricity hasn't been found we couldn't use anything which needs electricity in daily life. If the train the car the airplane haven't been made successfully we might take a long time to go another places or stay one place forever. In summary if we haven't had those great revolutions can you imagine what kind of life we would have So it's easy to understand that the effects of technology give us a convenient beautiful and modern life which allows us to travel around the world study abroad make new friends who from other countries. How lucky we live in this modern time.
