Muidh alheshibri Happiness Is it possible to be happy without being rich Is it easy to be such a cheerful person without being in a high position In fact the lives of many individuals are connected by the desire for happiness. But what is happiness It is an emotion that is difficult to define without trying it. Happiness is what people feel when their minds and hearts are really cheerful. Achieving your goals having a perfect relationship with all people around you and being close to family or any loved person lead to happiness. How valuable our lives would be if we achieve our goals Being satisfied with ourselves brings happiness for our own lives. Obtaining goals is one of the crucial aspects to be satisfied about yourself. If you live each day as if it was your last day what would you do Steph Jobs. Actually this question is the point which made him as a delighted person. We have to look in the mirror and ask ourselves that question. If we have an answer for that question our lives should be filled with happiness. No doubt that a person would be happy if he had a perfect relationship with most people in his society. But how can humans have nice relationship with people in their society Indeed having impeccable manners is the only thing people have to do to answer this question precisely. Manners are important for our conduct in the society. Manners are very useful. Good manners may turn our enemies into our friends. In contrast bad manners will surely turn our friends into our enemies. Being close to one's family or any loved person is more important than money and gives people more dignity than being wealthy. People feel they are safe and happy with their families friends or any loved person. You feel that there are people who honestly take care of you and who honestly tell you the right things. These things could lead people to success in their life and successful people usually find happiness. People who want to reach happiness think that money is more important than family but in fact it is not. People must have a friend wife or anyone they could bank on to help them or to tell them whether they are doing something wrong or not. This will make their life better because they will find where the good routes and where the bad ones are. In conclusion happiness is not an easy thing to achieve. People who want it should try hard to reach it. By obtaining goals having impeccable manners and being close to family or loved person cause happiness. Happiness will not come to a person who does not seek it or a person who let sadness control his life. People should have the will to be happy whatever their condition.
