Effect of Technology Knowledge has enabled people to create new things and invention techniques that build up technology world. The IPods the IPhone laptops online shopping rail train and powered wheelchairs are some aspects of the technology world. The World of technology has a long history created by scientific endeavors and has many dimensions that impact on our life in many directions. Technology has many effects in the human life it influences the community the transportation system the education and business. Technologies play a key role in shaping the transportation systems. It has made the transportation faster. Moreover it has shortened the distance between cities and countries. The rapid forward movement in transportation technology development over the last couple of decades has provided more powerful and less expensive options for life. There are lots of transportation technology inventors which have made our life easy going. For example technology of transportation started from steam power until we have now gotten rail train air transportation and powered wheelchair that helps paralyzed people to move easy without any obstacles. Internet technology also has become a major factor in education business and economy. Now if we want to run a business or need to go shopping we do not have to do any physical action you can do that by internet. Computer technologies facilitate the way of education and searching as well. On the other hand it is an open dark door for such information abuse internet troll and community revolution. For example Egypt revolution has pushed by the internet. Protest organizers began online protest and ended by toppling President Mubarak. Furthermore the Internet has brought an important positive change to the entertainment and advertising industry. It plays a role in every aspect of a business from accounting to customer service. Technology has left a deep effect on the culture and lifestyle overall the world. It uses in a way that fit into the exciting culture. It helps to spread the culture of countries by built new ways of looking at things. It has left an effect on work routines of the society technology has developed the more relaxing and snobbish attitude towards society life. For example laptops iPods and cell phones make things easier to do and easier to communicate. People greeting each other by using greeting email card rather than visiting or speaking to each other. World of technology had dramatically changed many things in our life. It left indelible prints on education communication business and culture as well. On the other hand it has negative sphere we must be curious and try to gain an advantages of that technology.
