Everyone wants to be happy but how to get happiness is a mystery. Some people have big fortunes but they are not happy. Others who live a life of poverty enjoy their life very much. Some people acquire happiness because they get three elements of happiness physical emotional and psychological health. First of all physical health is a basic condition to enjoy a happy life. A person can have a great deal of money but it doesn't mean that he has a happy life. For instance my neighbor made a big fortune by investing money in the stock market but he can't do his favorite exercises or give his friends a hand when they need help due to health reasons. Therefore he losts the chance to feel the happiness of taking care of others and builds up his self confidence through sports. Moreover emotion is the resource of feeling happy. Some people think happiness needs a lot of external conditions but others achieve happiness so easily. Because they know how to adjust their emotion to be happy of course they get a happy life. For example one of my friends lives a very terrible life because she always seeks luxury cars and bags. If she gets her favorite things she will be very happy otherwise she complains everyday about the fact that she can't afford her happiness . In contrast another friend pursuit's life enrichment so she lives a happy life with an optimistic attitude. Last but not least more and more people began to be concerned with their psychological health because they know this is significant to achieve happiness. Since a lot of authoritative reports show that the psychological health not only affects our happiness but also relates to our physical condition people try different ways to assist them to be in a good condition. For instance the amounts of the college students commit suicide because of the serious psychological disease from study or future's working pressure. Therefore the mental and psychology clubs and doctors are widely necessary in the campus. We also found that psychological health education has been applied throughout the colleges since our psychologist and teachers have realized that the psychological health is the most important element among all the factors. All in all physical emotional and psychological health are indispensible factors of happiness. However it is difficult for everyone to balance these three aspects.
