Causes of Happiness Happiness is what actually makes us alive. Almost all inventions and creations were made because of people who experienced happiness. If we look around we'll see amazing things like buildings subways and airplanes and we'll know what these people have made. There is a relationship between the causes of happiness and what people believe. Actions and acts of others have affected our happiness. Because of family neighbors and even coworkers' affecting our emotions our happiness is affected by their actions. The smallest act or even a word from others can change our minds and thoughts. Actions of people around us decided our path. We'll make a positive action because of receiving a positive affect. But if we get a negative affect we'll make horrible decisions. Big companies always have good relationships between managers and workers and that only happened because of good acts between them. People can be the reason of their own happiness. Sometimes our own actions give us different emotions. Every single act that we do or even the things that we say affect our feelings. If we said or act badly we'll feel guilty and act wrong. Many people are dealing with their bad decisions by committing suicide. Others with good decisions are successful in life. Many people believe that destiny or fate is the major reason of happiness. Things that happened to us or that we do and did are all destined to be. Some people sometimes experience different emotions in different times without a reason. They believe that it's destined for them to have these feelings so their next action will be decided according to these emotions. Wearing some cloths or seeing a kind of birds may be a good luck for someone. Some other things may bring misfortune like untied shoe. I believe that people are responsible for their own actions and happiness. Only our own actions and others' affect our happiness. Because of happiness being the target of all humans it's not easy to gain. All of us are trying to find better ways to reach happiness. In order for us to be better and to be happier we have to find the things that most make us reach happiness.
