Happiness is the dream of all people in the world. When you are happy you feel that you own the world. Also it purifies your heart from hatred. People have their own reasons to be happy but they have common reasons too. There are some factors that play a role to be happy such as having friends earning money and achieving goals. Friendship is one of the main reasons to be happy. When you have people who have similar aspects to you such as interests and age you will be happy. For example when you are interested in sports and you find someone to share this interest with this will make you happy. In addition when you have a problem and you get support from them you will be happy. For instance last year I lost my wallet which had credit card when I was in Dubai and one of my friends gave me money until I came back to Saudi Arabia so I was happy. Money is a prime factor to be happy. When you have money you can get what you want such as travelling and having a big house which lead to the happiness. If you had a lot of money you would travel to any place in the world even the moon and you would see distinct cultures that would make you happy and joyful. Moreover if you had a lot of money you could buy a big house that has facilities such as swimming pool that willmake you comfortable and happy. Achieving goals is one of the reasons to be happy. When you achieve your goals you feel happy. For example one of my goals was graduating from the university. When I did that I was happy for a month since it was a difficult goal. In other hand I decided to lose five kilograms of my weight and I did that but I was not too happy . It was an easy goal. The happiness varies based on the importance of the goals. In summary looking for happiness is the desire of people. There are many reasons such as money goals and friends. Each one of them contributes to the happiness. People should be happy to make their lives better. Also they should life every moment happily because it will not be repeated.
