Are traditional learning and online learning the same Providing access to education for people who live far away from urban areas has always been a challenge for Colleges and Universities who have been offering distance programs since early 1900s. In these days a decrease in public funding for these institutions along with the fast development of the Internet as a potential resource for delivering educational services and the growing value of continuous education have created an environment who encourages Universities to develop online programs Volery and Lord 216 . In this context online learning has been proposed to expand access to a broader audience to facilitate lifelong education as well as to diminish the costs of education. Despite its potential online and traditional face to face learning differ in many ways and analyzing these differences can be helpful to understand if and how online programs can be as good as face to face programs while maintaining its advantages. In this essay I will compare online and traditional learning in regards to the some class characteristics challenges for the teacher and the student and I will describe the results of some studies comparing learning outcomes in both modalities. Traditional learning differs from online learning in several class characteristics. One of the most obvious differences is location in a traditional face to face class students need to be physically in the classroom while in an online class students can be anywhere in the world as long as they have a computer with Internet access. Also in a traditional class there is a specific time in which students need to be in the classroom usually scheduled by the school and the teacher decides how much time is spent reviewing each topic of study. In contrast in online learning there is not a specific time in which all students need to be in class on the contrary every student decides when he or she wants to go online and begin his or her class. Moreover every student has the freedom to spend as much time as he or she wants reviewing a specific topic of study. However both traditional and online programs can be similar in content. A school can teach the same program in the two different modalities. For example as a part of a research study the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign created a face to face and an online version of exactly the same course making sure both versions offered the same content required the same activities and projects Johnson Aragon Shaik and Palma Rivas 33 . Both traditional and online learning pose challenges to teachers and students. Just like in traditional learning online learning teachers need to master the content of the class they are teaching and to be proficient in teaching techniques. However unlike traditional teachers online professors need to be familiarized with the technology they are using and to be able to adapt their teaching strategies to this new environment. Similarly new challenges are posed to online students who have the same requirements of a regular student with less support. Students who enroll in a traditional program can ask questions during class and can rely on their classmates for support. In contrast even though students who enroll in an online program can ask questions to their teacher through email this system lacks the synchrony experienced in a real classroom. Moreover online students don't have contact with their classmates and therefore they rely exclusively in their teacher to solve questions and provide support. Even though traditional and online learning share some similarities they differ in many aspects. This raise the question of whether or not online learning is effective as a delivery method for education. Charlotte Neuhauser asked herself this question when she compared two sections of the same course one of which was taught face to face and a the other one online. She found no statistically significant differences on test scores assignments participation grades and final grades for both sections Neuhauser 110 . Likewise Scott Johnson at the University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign failed to find differences in the learning outcomes of a face to face and an online version of the same course whose student's projects were similar in quality 46 . Nonetheless he found that student of the face to face group were slightly more satisfied with their learning environment and provided more positive ratings regarding the quality of the teacher 44 . In recent years there has been a growing interest in online learning however the similarities and differences between online and traditional learning need to be analyzed to evaluate its effectiveness. Both modalities differ in many class characteristics and present different challenges to teachers and students. Despite all these differences some studies have shown that both modalities have similar learning results suggesting that people can learn in different ways and online learning can be a useful tool for distance education. Works Cited Johnson Scott Aragon Steven Shaik Najmuddin and Palma Rivas Nilda. Comparative analysis of learner satisfaction and learning outomes in online and face to face learning environments. Journal of Interactive Learning Research November. 2000 29 49. Neuhauser Charlotte. Learning style and effectiveness of online and face to face instruction. American Journal of Distance Education. 2002 99 113. Volery Thierry and Lord Deborah. Critical success factors in online education. The International Journal of Education Management 14 May. 2000 216 223. Word Count 869
