Tsubomi Natsuki Writing 5S Essay 2 Comparing and contrast 10 26 2011 Online learning and traditional class learning In these days the style of education has been changing. Online learning is one example of new education style. Although online learning is a new style it has both differences and similarities with traditional classroom learning. The schedule the environment and fruits of labors are different between them. On the other hand contends and goals are similar between them. One obvious difference is the schedule. Students can arrange their schedule to whatever they want. For example for people who are working they are able to make class schedule after their business time. They can work and study simultaneously which is one of advantages of online learning. Unlike online learning we have to follow a schedule at traditional class learning. Since aschedule is arranged by teachers or professors students of class learning do not have as flexible time as students of online learning do. This will be only available for people who have enough time and can fit in the schedule nevertheless a lot of people prefer class learning to online learning because they can get a regular life. The other remarkable difference is the environment of study. The framework of online learning is that people can take classes everywhere they want. For instance if you are tired of studying at home you can go to a park and sit down on a grass or go to the coffee shop and order a cup of coffee to attend classes. In contrast we must go to places which a school provides at class learning. We have to sit down on a seat and take our note in front of a teacher. In the classroom we cannot violate rules such as not eating food or chatting with other students while we can do whatever I want during online learning. In my opinion people can study under more relax atmosphere at online learning. Last dissimilarity is fruits of labor. In online learning after classes we will acquire knowledge of our major or interests. Furthermore we will use those knowledge in our job research or studying just as how to use knowledge which we obtain at class learning. We will end up learning some knowledge and skills at both education systems nonetheless the fruits of labor of traditional class learning will be more and more diverse than online learning's. At online learning what we can learn falls in the curriculums or syllabuses which the schools provide. However students will obtain both knowledge and skills like communication discussion giving speech in front of people. Those skills are provided during they are in classroom. It seems that online learning diverse from traditional learning in a lot of points. However they still have similarities between them. Their contents and goals are related to each other. Both of them have same contents for example people who are majoring in Economics study same micro economics and macro economics at both online learning and class leaning. School won't take different texts or syllabuses. This is also the reason why some people choose online learning over class learning. They can hear same as normal lectures. Moreover the goals among who in both side are almost same. For instance most peoples' goal is acquiring a blucher degree in colleges. They want to take lectures from famous or respectful professor and obtain knowledge and skills. Online learning provides us with many various choices of our life. People who take online class are looking for career advancement career changes or just want to finish a degree program they started at another college. There are hundreds of online programs and online schools to choose from qtd. In OEDb line 1 5 . On the other hand however actually children will have a big disadvantage at online learning because they won't be provided social skills they need to be successful in the society and school. Both of learning style has both benefits and weaknesses. We should take advantage of those choices. I recommend that people should choose right styles for them in order to enhance our knowledge or skills effectively. Works Cited Cook Steven. Online schools a virtual waste for students. ANON URLSITE. N. P. 26 10 2011. Web. 27 Oct 2011. ANON_URLSPAGE_. Anonymous. 10 Advantages to Taking Online Classes. OBEd. N. P August 2006. Web 29 Oct 2011. ANON_URLSPAGE_705 words
