How would you categorize options for vacation planning With the improvement of society people are under more and more pressure and have less time to get relaxed. So when we get a chance to have a holiday it is essential to make a perfect plan of vacation. In my opinion the plan includes where to go how to go there and what to do there. The detail upholding my perspective is listed as follows. First of all we need to decide where to have fun. People always feel nervous when they are working. So they need a place where is peaceful and beautiful to easy themselves. Las Vegas is not the good idea people will be attracted by games and stay there all days and then they will not feel relaxed but fickle. In this case where to find an ideal place It is easy. We can get information in internet on books and magazines and ask friends for recommendation. Magazines show us beautiful picture and some useful information. And friends always give us the real information and their feeling which is really useful. Internet has the most complete information. We can book a ticket make hotel reservation and view the people's comments about the hotel and the view. It is convenient to obtain all the information we need and it is free too. Secondly how to get the place we are looking forward to In general we have three choice air land and water. Land is good choice which is convenient cheap and flexible. If you have your own car you can decide when to start and stop by yourself. Water is not bad as well. People often have fun on ship. It is bigger than car or bus people can play poker have sunbathing and even have a drink which it is romantic. On the contrast it is not secure enough and efficient. People will spend more time on way rather than the destination. On my perspective air is the best opportunity. It is efficient and comfortable. The air company usually provides free water and snacks. Furthermore the survey shows that the air is the most secure transportation in the world. If I have enough money air is my first choice. At last we need to decide what to do there. We should obtain information about the place firstly what is the most popular there and what is the most deliciou food there. We need to spend one day to experience local custom and culture by hanging out. And take a walk to enjoy beautiful view. The most important is to relax ourselves to make us feel easy. To make a vacation planning ought to think about three aspects which place people prefer how to get there and how to have fun. There are lots of opportunities. We should compare the benefits and also think about negative effect. Only in this way we can make a perfect plan of vacation.
