Sandra Yan 29 10 2011 Happiness What is the happiness Some think that being rich makes them feel happy others pursue the promotion in their work. It is not wrong but it is real happiness In my perspective happiness is simple people can get satisfaction easily. Having complete family friends being with us always and supporting us are all kinds of happiness. First of all at good family is a solid foundation for everyone which supports everyone to keep going ahead. Some people may think that everybody has family is it special But do you know how family important for a person The answer is absolutely. For example Lindsay Lohan who is a famous bad girl in Hollywood. She is smoking getting drunk using hemp and stealing. She used to be the most promising star who is beautiful hot and popular. Due to her violent father she lives with a broken family. In order to get money his father sold her private information to the media. If Lindsay grew up in a healthy atmosphere she might be a super star now. If one of your families has a serious disease would you be happy Thus have a complete family and all the members are healthy are really important. Do you know the feeling caring about others all the time I do. My father had cancer. It is really a hard time. I thought about my father all day and felt scared that he be dead suddenly. Fortunately my father is with us now. But do you know how many people committing a crime are from single parents family in the world It is really high. And it exerts negative effects on child and their future's life. It is really bad for those people. Maybe they will have happy ending there is no doubt that it is a hard time for them. Thus you should be happy if you have a complete family. Furthermore be able to go to school obtain knowledge and make friends with others are good things. There are too many people who cannot go to school due to the poverty. They are eager for attending school. The percentage of people unable go to school is higher in advancing countries and poor areas. If they could afford the tuition they might obtain more knowledge and expand their horizons. If they could afford the tuition they might be good at studying and had promising future. If they could go to school they might have more fun with friends and be happier. In this case do you think you have reason to complain that you are not happy In a word happiness is full of our life. Maybe it is so easy and simple that we always ignore it. Believe that we are happier than others. Having a complete family living in healthy atmosphere and enjoying ourselves with friends make us happy. Do not think too much. Happiness is all around us.
