My Country Before and After the Reign of King ANON_NAME_0 As the time passes by Countries die and others rise. The world keeps changing continuously without giving a man a moment to realize how the changes affected him greatly. The process of rising and falling is always interrupted by a phase of calmness and recession. This phase happened to the Arabs countries but during the past year many revolutions were triggered by an urging need to change the present. One country hasn't been affected by this movements it is Saudi Arabia. For this country changes have started in 2005 when a new King took held of the country. Since King ANON_NAME_0 bin Abdul Aziz was enthroned Saudi Arabia has witnessed great changes in almost all aspects of life. In my paper I'll talk about five of them press transportation women's role in the society education and sociopolitical changes. The First two aspects haven't changed a lot. For press censorship and restrictions that had been applied before the reign of King ANON_NAME_0 is still almost the same. A few changes has been seen such as allowing women to work in front of the camera but nothing massive or have a great impact has happened. People are still reluctant to speak their own thoughts or say exactly what they are thinking of. As the national television developed a new framework and opened new channels the policy stayed untouched. For transportation just as before the reign of King ANON_NAME_0 public buses are still operating only outside the cities. Taxis are still few and the main mean of transporting is private cars. Even though the government is working on a new train project that connected the holy cities Medina and Makah with the international airport and sea portal in Jeddah the changes in this area are unseen yet. While the adjustments in the past two areas are not greatly noticed there are areas that had been modified on a large scale. The first and most important field is women's role in society. Before the reign of King ANON_NAME_0 women had to work in specific places such as schools and universities however King ANON_NAME_0 expanded that role by allowing them to participate in the Shura Council and other important areas. Women nowadays have a lot of opportunities in finding the best job that satisfies their ambition. They can now work in law banking and trading. King ANON_NAME_0 has considered women an effective productive part in the society. He gave them the right to be equal to men and participate in building their country. Another important field that has developed greatly is education especially scholarship. Whereas scholarship was rare and offered only by private or partially private companies King ANON_NAME_0 established a governmental scholarship program for all citizens. In spite of the specific conditions of the program it's easy to apply for. It gives the youth hopes for success and encourages them to pursue their dreams and keep their ambitions high. In contrast to the private companies' scholarship program King ANON_NAME_0 scholarship program KASP gives the applicants the freedom of choosing their own major and applying for the desired university. KASP prepares the scholars to face obstacles and manage their way through the difficulties of life. KASP's vision as stated in the ministry of higher education website is To prepare distinguished generations for a knowledge society built upon a knowledge based economy. The last field that I'll discuss is a major sociopolitical change an initiative for Interfaith Dialogue . This initiative came as a response of a false claim that Islam equals terrorism. Although it's been said that many interfaith dialogues had been made in many places such as universities and places of worship this initiative treated as a great deal due to its importance in the political scale. Before this initiative took place many people around the world had the wrong idea about Islam. Similarly some Muslims had the wrong idea about Christianity and Jewish. This dialogue came and changed those ideas replaced them with the right thoughts and beliefs. King ANON_NAME_0 helped our country as well as other countries to embrace the differences and make peace with each other no matter how distinct we are. In the opening speech of the first meeting in the Interfaith Dialogue conference King ANON_NAME_0 said that this idea of having an interaction dialogue between Muslims Christians and Jews was inspired by the teachings of Islam and based on the need of peace and preservation of human dignity. 2008 Having all these changes made Saudi Arabia one of the most important countries in the world. Press transportation women's role in society scholarship and Interfaith Dialogue were the fields that received the most significant changes during the reign of King ANON_NAME_0. Those changes helped us Saudis in building and improving our country and our society. Sources King ANON_NAME_0 Scholarship Program's Vision. ANON URLPAGE. N. P. Web. 18 Apr. 2011. Principle of justice is key King. ANON_URLSITE_n. P. Web. 13 Nov. 2008
