The choices of vacation plan As time goes by the weather has become cold the green leaves have become yellow even it snowed in the day before yesterday. Although it will be colder and colder but all of these remind me of that the winter vacation is coming soon. Speaking of vacation it's always hard for me to decide my plan there are so many choices waiting here don't you think so Firstly is the easiest one which I'd like to call inside plan . It means that you spend your whole holidays totally at home. It seems like boring but there are a lot of things you can do. Firstly study. Don't worried it's not the same meaning as you study in school. It's a broader meaning that you can do whatever you want and you will learn or gain something from the things you do. Like reading which plays an important role in our daily life it helps us focus on our inner self makes our temperament better and broadens our horizons so that we can know more about this world in different aspects. Besides you can develop your interests. During the vacation you have a lot of time to focus on your interests. To learn how to cook if you interest it play the piano if you like it study a new language if you have passion on it. But if you still feel not enough believe it or not you also can work at home use your computer and Internet actually opening an online store is an interesting and very popular choice in this time. Secondly is a totally different vacation plan which belongs to outside plan . If you are a big fan of travel you can use this chance to visit other places where you have dreamt for long time you will closer to the nature and it might help you relax yourself without any pressure. In the same way if you have enthusiastic about helping other people or public services to become a volunteer is a wonderful way to make your vacation more meaningful. Furthermore maybe you'd like to join summer or winter camp where you can make new friends learn new things even visit new places. Anyway there are no doubts that you can derive a lot of new things from outside vacation plan. After discussing the inside plan and outside vacation plan what I'm going to say is another choice which combine the inside with the outside. It means your life needs to focus on your inner self but also get in touch with outside. Maybe you will confuse about how to do it actually it's so simple and really helpful. For example you can find a part time job which allows you work in outside and take a break at home. Working with others will give you more experience help your communication skills and broad your interpersonal relationship. On the other hand taking a break at home gives you freedom to arrange things what you want to do you still can read some books you like develop your interests and take care of your online shop. Moreover you can go to the old people's home or orphanage in weekend or leisure time or make appointments with your friends even hold a fantastic party. Anyway if you find the balance between inside and outside no matter what you do all of these will help you become better. In summary it's evident to see that we have a lot of things to do in our vacation. As the winter vacation coming soon it's time to plan your vacation. Just take a little time to think about where you want to go and what you want to do. It shouldn't be a hard question for us. Remember no matter inside outside or inside and outside we have the same goal that is to make our vacation more colorful and more meaningful. For this point there are no reasons for us to waste our time anymore.
