Pittsburgh and Dallas In the United States there are 50 different states with a variety number of cities some of which have similarities and differences according to their location weather population and architecture. Two of the beautiful cities that I have visited are Pittsburgh PA and Dallas TX. In these two cities I found some differences and some similarities that I will mention. For an overview of the two cities Pittsburgh is located in the northeastern US while Dallas is located in the south US. Pittsburgh is the second large city in Pennsylvania likewise Dallas is considered as the second large city in Texas. Although Pittsburgh and Dallas are different in their geography and weather they have many similarities. One difference between the two cities is the geography. Pittsburgh is mainly a city of hills and heights. Most of the roads are sloping. It is strenuous for people to move around the city by waking or biking. For that we can see a lot of stairs on some hills to ease the movement of pedestrians. In contrast Dallas is a flat city. In Dallas we can see large flat lands with agriculture areas. Moving around the city by walking or biking is much easier than it is in Pittsburgh. Another obvious difference between Pittsburgh and Dallas is the weather. In Pittsburgh the weather is cold and unstable most of the time. The weather fluctuates during the day several times. For instance you might wake up on a rainy day and after one hour you can see the sun as if it has not been raining before an hour. The sky of Pittsburgh is cloudy and unclear most of the time and it has only few clear days per year whereas in Dallas the weather is more stable and warm in 9 months of the year. The sky is mostly sunny and clear. In winter season Dallas will have snow sometimes but in an average of 3 to 5 days only which differs from Pittsburgh's winter season. In Pittsburgh the winter season is covered with snow. We can have 5 months of snow covering the city in a year. In spite of the obvious differences between the two cities they are parallel in their beauty facilities and education. Both of them are attractive and great places to visit. In Pittsburgh there are many places that you can go to spend a good time such as waterfront Southside station square Mount Washington and a lot more. In Dallas you can go to west village west end uptown and downtown to have fun and to enjoy many activities. Both cities have great museums in which you can learn more about the city history. They also have large shopping malls parks cinemas diversity of restaurants and coffee shops. Both have a good transportation system. In Pittsburgh there is a subway and a light rail system that has a multiple stops around Pittsburgh and lines that go into Pittsburgh's suburbs. There is also a high quality public buses that travels around the major places in Pittsburgh and many nearby districts. In addition to taxi services train service and Pittsburgh international airport that can facilitate transportation around and to outside Pittsburgh Albrecht 2011 . Dallas is similar to Pittsburgh in transportation facilities. There are a lot of transportation systems there such as buses and Railroad services that help people move around Dallas. Taxi services and two airports are available too Dallas 2011 . Not only Pittsburgh but also Dallas has a numerous number of high ranking universities. In Pittsburgh there are the University of Pittsburgh Carnegie Mellon Carlow University and many other universities. We can see a large number of universities in Dallas also such as Southern Methodist University University of North Texas and Texas Women's University all of which have a variety of sciences and specialties. It is true that Pittsburgh and Dallas have some differences in many areas yet they are alike. Despite the difference in their geography and weather they are similar in their good education transportation and their attractiveness to tourists. Word count 677 words References Dallas. Junior Worldmark Encyclopedia of World Cities. 2000. ANON URLSITE. 31 Oct. 2011. ANON_URLSITE_. Powell Albrecht. Getting to Pittsburgh. Online Posting to ANON URLSITE. Web. 31 Oct. 2011. ANON_URLSPAGE_.
