Online Learning VS. Traditional Classroom Learning Over the past few years computers have started to change many aspects of our live. One of these aspects is the way of education. Today computer technology is employed widely and has a dramatic change to the style of education. Many students use computers for doing research collecting information and looking for references. Nowadays the Internet provides students a convenient way to study online. As its name indicates online learning enables students to study and get degrees or certificates without attending traditional classrooms. Generally students in many countries can choose either online learning or traditional class learning. Both types of learning have some differences as well as similarities. In fact they differ in having discipline schedule arrangement and kinds of classes and social communication while they have almost the same content. One obvious difference is the discipline. Unlike traditional learning online learning has a lack of discipline. To illustrate this point in traditional classes there are teachers who mange the class and monitor students learning progress. Also they give immediate feedback and fair judgment of students work and encourage their performances as well. Actually in physical classes teachers teach not only textbooks but also good manners. In sharp contrast although students in online learning have parents or even themselves as monitors of their progress and improvement of learning they cannot be controlled as in traditional schools because there are no instructors can supervise them or force them to do some tasks. Other areas of differences between online and traditional learning involve in types of schedules. Whereas schedule is determined by the administration at the beginning of each semester online learning's schedule is arranged depending on the free time of students. In traditional schools students do have regular schedules and they strictly follow them. Thus they adapt themselves to these schedules even though they have excuses. However students who study online can choose the time of taking courses because it is easy for them to access the Internet to take courses at any time that is appropriate for them. In traditional classroom teaching students have to follow a strict schedule that is decided by the educational institute. Students are bound to time and have to reschedule their other responsibilities in accordance with their traditional classes. On line classes give the students the opportunity to study at their own space and time. No fixed schedules are followed and the students need not have to ignore their other responsibilities for taking online classes Thomas . A final difference is the kinds of classes that result in different social skills acquiring. In online learning which is newly introduced in many schools worldwide a student studies alone as an individual with only the computer as his or her companion without interacting with other classmates or diverse teachers. Thus he or she may miss face to face conversations. For most students social interactions are the most important factors of education live so if someone needs to contact new students and increase his professional relationships he must take some traditional classes ANON_URLSITE_. On the other hand because classrooms are usually full of students students in traditional schools do have a lot of social interactions with their peers and different teachers. Also they can meet other students for study groups or friendships. In addition to that they still have some time to chat with others in a student area or nearby coffee shops. As a result of this their social skills and learning performances would be improved. Despite these differences these two apparently different styles of education have something in common. Online education and traditional class learning are similar in terms of content and syllabus. Although certain courses may not be offered online especially courses that require doing experiments in research laboratories the general curriculum is almost same in both two ways of education either online or traditional. Both for example have similar textbooks and other materials. Moreover schools that provide online classes enable students to earn degrees and certificates in a specific field just as traditional schools do. In conclusion in spite of many remarkable differences between online learning and traditional classes learning such as having regulation types of schedules and size and the effect of classes they have approximately the same curriculum. Based on what we have discussed it seems that traditional class learning is more effective for young students compared to online learning. 742 Words References Thomas Maxim. What is the difference between online and traditional classes . Education Centers. The Education Centers Network 06 February 2011. Web. 30 Oct 2011. ANON_URLSPAGE_. The Differences Between Online and Traditional Classroom Educations. ANON URLSITE. ANON_URLSITE_n. D. Web. 30 Oct 2011. ANON_URLSPAGE_.
