No one can live without his portion of food. Eating a variety of food is an essential part of our daily activities that we can't ignore its importance on our physical health. There are three major categories of food meat fruit and vegetables. Many of us are looking for his favorite kind of meat. The reasons of eating meat differ from one person to another. Some rely on the delicious taste regardless of his progressive consuming of meat is useful or not. Every type of meat has its own medical and physical benefit. Since meat contains a large amount of protein that could be beneficial to the body. Meat contains all the essential amino acids that definitely rank as one of the best sources of protein. Because protein improves the overall health and gives the well being of our bodies ignoring meat consumption isn't easy decision. Also people need meat due to other benefits such as repairing and building of the body tissues as well as the production of antibodies that will protect the body from infections and strengthening the immune system as well. Fruit is another category of food. The majority of people like fruits because it's sweat taste. The strawberry and apple are two famous fruits that approximately all of us eat it whole the year. There are tons of benefits for fruit beside its provision our bodies with necessary water. First fruits are utilized in some diet programs while it's one sure way to a healthier body. Fruits that contain natural fiber which can help in regulate bowel movements. Also it has been proven that fruit comes to lower cholesterol levels that can help in preventing strokes and heart disease. Finally every single house can't stop consuming vegetables in the entire life. You can't imagine one house without cucumbers of tomatoes. We need a mixture of vegetables before during and after our meals. Eating vegetable is one of the best resources that you can do for your diet and your body. Most vegetables are naturally low in fat and calories. None have cholesterol. Vegetables are important sources of many nutrients including potassium fiber vitamin A and vitamin C. As we know vitamin A keeps eyes and skin healthy and helps to protect against infections and vitamin C helps in healing of cuts and wounds keeps teeth and gums healthy and it aids in iron absorption. In conclusion People must balance between those three kinds of food and provide their bodies the necessary of meat fruit and vegetables. If people reduce the enough amounts of that group their physical health will suffer in the long term.
