From time to time there are many changes in our lives. Technologies are the very important factors which make these changes. For example nowadays there are many different methods to access education. You can enroll in a traditional program which means attending classes and accessing educational resources on campus or school. You can also enroll in online programs in which the majority of your schoolwork and communications are offered via the Internet. Both of them contain some similarity and differences which we will discuss in this article. First of all online courses typically allow students to work asynchronously which means that they can complete their coursework at the time and place of their choosing. This is often ideal for working students or single parents who need a flexible schedule. However students who struggle to be self motivated may find that they quickly fall behind. In the other hand face to face learning requires student to work synchronously which means they should be attend physically in the classrooms. According to David McConnell 2000 Secondly in area of control the traditional learning is stronger than online learning because in the distance learning it is easier for participants to ignore instructor while they cannot do that in the regular class. Also when comparing the attitudes of instructors and students towards distance learning it was found that instructors had conflicting attitudes about distance education. While they were willing to teach a distance learning class they rated the courses as equal or lower in quality than traditional courses taught on campus Inman Kerwin Mayes 1999 . The students on the other hand were highly satisfied with these instructors and the distance courses taught. The students were not concerned about the interaction with the instructor. Drennan Kennedy and Pisarski 2005 In addition social interactions are a clue aspect of the college experience. If you are planning to meet new people and expand your social and professional networks it is important to take at least a few classes on campus. That may probably make you have more communication skills. However online courses are not entirely devoid of interaction. Many online systems include message boards and videoconferences that link classmates to each other as well as to their instructors. Furthermore many online classes are taken by people from all over the world at the same time offering an opportunity to make digital connections with people who you would never meet on campus. The very important reason you are in class is to learn and develop new skills which you do not have. For some students this can be very difficult without the direct face to face input of an instructor. If you do not learn well from books and other written material you may find that you struggle with online coursework particularly when you do not receive swift feedback. However online courses offer some unique opportunities for skills development. It is important to be somewhat comfortable with computers before you involve on an online class but most students find that the experience helps them develop a whole new set of useful technical skills. Online courses also typically involve a lot more writing practice since there are few opportunities for answering questions verbally. In fields where information is constantly changing the use of distance learning allows professionals the ability to remain current without having to travel long distances to do Bisciglia Monk ou problems comprehending course information that is technical quantitative or scientifically oriented. Also course expectations are often not moment o every type of learning environment. It is best to use the advantages that each method offers to their fullest extent. It appears from the initial studies that a combination of online and classroom learning to convey subject matter to students will be the best teaching method. However in some instances the inconvenience of maintaining a consistent school schedule prohibits potential students from furthering their education. Learning also highly depends on the individual's motivation to learn. So it still comes down to the effort that the students put into their education that ultimately determines how much they will retain and how beneficial the overall experience was to their future career. Works Cited Baker K. Dilemmas at a distance . Assessment Evaluation in Higher Education 1986 11 3 219230. Bisciglia M. E. MonkTurner . Differences in attitudes between onsite and distance site students in group teleconference courses. The American Journal of Distance Education 2002 16 1 3752. Clark T. The American Journal of Distance Education Attitudes of higher education faculty toward distance education a national survey. July 1933. Drennan J. Kennedy J. Pisarksi A. The Journal of Educational Research Factors affecting student attitudes toward flexible online learning in management education. 2005 98 6 331340. Inman E. Kerwin M. L. Mayes . Instructor and student attitudes toward distance learning. 1999 23 6 581592. Kahl T. N. Cropley A. J. Distance Education Facetoface versus distance learning psychological consequences and practical implications. 1986 7 1 3848. McConnell D. Implementing computer supported cooperative learning. London 2000. 30Oct. 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_. Passig D. Levin H. Journal of Computer Assisted Learning Gender differences of favored multimedia learning interfaces. 2000 16 6471.
