Hyeyeon Kim Writing 5T Oct. 31. 2011 Panama City vs. Pittsburgh I had been in Panama City where my husband's parents live for 5 years to live with them. I had many exotic experiences in Panama City. Then I came to Pittsburgh last year with my family for my husband's study. First impression of Pittsburg was that it looks very different with Panama City. Was my first impression rational indeed I want to compare between Panama City and Pittsburgh in the point of general view such as language transportation weather attitude to others and main proportion of population. The language in Panama City is Spanish while in Pittsburgh it is English. Even though I have learned English for many years at school and I hadn't haven any idea about Spanish both of languages are foreign languages for me. Therefore I had to try to adapt to new languages in the two cities. I had not been good at Spanish in Panama City. However people in the city was so kind and generous for foreigner. So I had very good time with them while I was suffered from few understanding the situation almost all the time. The situation in Pittsburgh is similar to in Panama City. I think that people in both Panama City and in Pittsburgh are so friendly for foreigner. Can you imagine the midsummer's Christmas I couldn't before I went to Panama City. Those Christmas which I greeted in Panama City were too hot! Summer is the only season in Panama City even though it is divided into two seasons which are called a dry season and a rainy season. Unlike Panama City Pittsburgh has four distinct seasons. I think the winter and the summer are long relatively. Especially I was very happy to see snow in Pittsburgh when I met winter after a long time. Without car I can't be free in two cities. Main transportation in two cities is an owner driven car. Using public transportation is not easy with baby. Especially in Panama City I could not imagine take a bus with baby because the inside of the bus was narrow and the bus driver drove as if he was a car racer. Red devil is the nickname of the Panama City's public bus. I think the nickname reflects some inherent safety problems AP Wire Service 2006 and tough driving attitude. Actually I didn't enjoy taking the bus but I loved to see them because Red devil had very exotic outside appearance painted. Comparatively public bus in Pittsburgh has nice condition inside nice driver and well organized schedule. Therefore sometimes I took a bus with my baby but it was not easy for me also. On the street I can meet diverse colors people in both of two cities. However they looks having a difference between two cities. While a large portion of the population in Panama City is immigrant Rohter in Pittsburgh it is student especially in Oakland heavily populated by undergraduate and graduate students Williamson 36 . In conclusion Panama City and Pittsburgh have different in some points such as language weather proportion of the population. However peoples in the two cities are so friendly for foreigners. Therefore I would like to say that the two cities have different appearance in many ways but the peoples in there have similar attitudes for the outside people. Works Cited AP Wireless Service. Panama Fuel leak suspected in fire on city bus that kills 18. Tulsa World Olkahoma Oct. 24 2006 Tue. Final Home Edition. Pg. A2. Web. 1 Nov. 2011. Rohter Larry. What's Doing In Panama. New York Times Dec. 26 1999. Academic OneFile. Web. 1 Nov. 2011. Williamson Kirk. Pittsburgh Pennsylvania dreamin . Windy City Times Chicago Ill. Jul 13 2011. Vol. 26 Iss. 40 Pg. 36. Web. 1 Nov. 2011
