Kuwait city Pittsburgh city When we talk about cities everyone have his own perspective about a city that he love. There are many cities that are wonderful and beautiful in the world. Some people prefer the village cities while others prefer the downtown cities. I visited many cites when traveling to other countries and the best two cities that I found out are Kuwait city and Pittsburgh city. I chose Kuwait city because it is the city that I had lived hole my life in. Moreover I chose Pittsburgh city because it is the city that I studied in and because it has many interesting places. However there are many differences and similarities between the two cities. First of all I am going to talk about the differences between Kuwait city and Pittsburgh city. The main difference is the language. In Kuwait city the main language is Arabic and in the United States the main language is English so it is a huge different thing between the two cities. Also the time it is not the same in the two cities. For example if it is twelve pm in Pittsburgh it will be seven pm in Kuwait. The culture and traditions are different in many ways. The restaurants are different in Kuwait they serve Arabic food and in Pittsburgh they serve American food. Also in Kuwait restaurants open for tawny four hours and in Pittsburgh they close at midnight. The interesting places in Kuwait are few and you can count them in your hand while the interesting places in Pittsburgh are a lot such as the Washington mount view which I visit it every weekend. Moreover the gas for cars is not similar in the two cities in Kuwait they are very cheap not like Pittsburgh it is cost a lot of money. However the cars are cheaper in Pittsburgh. In Kuwait there is no tax for anything you buy not like Pittsburgh which has tax for everything. For instance when you buy something in Kuwait you do not have to buy more money for a tax and the tip is up to the person if he want to give or not. The popular drink in Pittsburgh is coffee which all people love it while the common drink in Kuwait is a cup of tea. Second I am going to discuss the similarities things between the two cities. The downtown in Pittsburgh is the same as the downtown in Kuwait city. For example there are a lot of big and tall buildings and coffee shops in it. People are the same in both the cities they are kind and they always smile to anyone. Also people do not discriminate between each other in both cities. Some American restaurants are available in Kuwait city such as T. G. I. Fridays chilies burger king taco bill and KFC. Also we have the same coffee shops like Starbucks coffee and caribou coffee. Summer season in Kuwait city is similar to the summer in Pittsburgh. It is hot and cool in the same time and it is good for tanning. Universities in Kuwait use English books for teaching and it are the same as the system in Pittsburgh city. Also there is a big similarity in the streets in the two cities. Both of them have strict roles and any one break this roles will face a big problem. There is a big similarity in the size between the two cities. In conclusion the two cities that I chose were the best cities in my opinion. Also each city has its own advantage and its own style. If I want to choose between them I won't because both of the cities are great. I think people should visit Kuwait city and Pittsburgh city if they had a chance or a holiday. Moreover people who do not know anything about any city they should look it up and try to have some information about the cities and about the city history and they can reveal it.
