ANON_NAME_0 Writing 5S 29 10 11 Classroom learning style verses online learning style Various learning style have been developed with increasing frequency in the last few decades such as online learning style. This style attracts many students who either believe in self study method or have to work and study in the same times. It doesn't mean that it is the best way to gain knowledge everyone acknowledges the effectiveness of classroom learning style such as build student ability to communicate with other students and share their knowledge. Furthermore online learning and classroom learning are not mutually exclusive. In many situations classroom learning can be enhanced by adding eLearning i. E. A discussion thread to continue dialogue after the session or a series of online resources to prepare students for classroom learning Hruska Riechmann S. Grasha A. F 1 . It seems to be that online learning style and classroom learning style are similar in the amount of the subjects exercises and commitments although they are different in many aspects such as interactions between students and their professor teams work groups study as well as time schedules. One of the commonalties between online leaning method and classroom learning method is the amount of subjects. Both students who follow either online learning method or classroom learning method should take the same quantity of subjects as well as they should have equal credits. For example two students studying anatomy in the University Of Ohio a university which provides both online and classroom learning methods for Anatomy a student who is studying Anatomy by using classroom learning method while the other student is taking the same course but online. So the professor should give the same materials for both students who are taking the same course regardless of their learning method which include lectures resources and audio materials. We can see clearly that both methods look alike in the matter of teaching materials and subjects. Moreover both students who are taking online learning approach or classroom learning method have the same opportunity to practice their knowledge through doing many exercises which allow them to assess their understanding and skills. Not only they have the chance to review their knowledge but also they have the chance to learn from their mistakes through their professor corrections and recommendations. On the other hand both learning initiatives require student to be hardworking and fully committed. As previously mentioned we can see how online learning and classroom learning are paralleled in the amount of subjects exercises and commitments. However they are different in the matter of interactions groups study teams work and time schedules. It is true that both learning methods have much in common they differ depending on the students' comprehensiveness. Classroom learning method allows the student to interact with the professor by body language clearly whereas the online learning method cannot provide such feature due to connection problems blurry videos etc. Consequently classroom learning method offers better interaction and comprehensiveness while online might face expected audio problems. Other difference between classroom and e learning method is the teams work. Classroom learning style allows students to work together and cooperate with each other through groups presentations and assignments. On the other hand the online learning manner doesn't have this advantage while this type of learning encourage self dependents and the students will have the chance to concentrate more in his work individually which can facilitate his understanding more than working as group. The last different between both learning style is the time schedules. Classroom learning approach has rigged schedule and more organized. Students should follow the time for each class and if they won't come they will be counted absents and lose grads. In contrast students who take online classes they don't have to follow any schedules and they won't count absents. Clearly we can understand way many student prefer to take online learning than classroom one because the take this advantage of the e learning style so they can manage between their work and their study. In conclusion ''we admit that the tow techniques are very fundamental in the educational process in terms of feature and both complete on other'' Blackmore 3 . We also have learned that they have some similarities such as in the materials responsibilities and exercises but also they quit opposite in the availability of groups work cooperation and time schedules. References 1 Blackmore J. 1996 . Pedagogy Learning styles Online . Available ANON_URLSPAGE_1997 September 10 2 Hruska Riechmann S. Grasha A. F. 1982 . The Grasha Riechmann student learning style scales. In J. Keefe Ed. . Student learning styles and brain behavior pp. 81 86 . Reston VA National Association of Secondary School Principals. Words counts 770 words
