San Francisco and New York City Do you know which city is the most popular for tourists in the U. S. According to a research from U. S. Department of Commerce International Trade Administration New York City is the city where the largest number of overseas travelers visited in 2010 and Los Angeles Miami Orlando and San Francisco follow Overseas Visitation Estimates for U. S. 2 . In this article we will focus on two cities San Francisco in California and New York City in New York. San Francisco SF and New York City NYC which are world famous cities have not only similarities but also differences. To begin with they have crucial geological characteristics which distinguish from the other. SF is located on the west coast while NYC is located on the east coast of the United States. Because of its location NYC has four seasons including very cold winters with snow and very hot summers. The temperatures of NYC in winter are sometimes as low as 10 ver the weather of SF is quite stable compared to the weather of NYC. SF's summer which is called the dry period is with average high temperatures of 64 71 As the gateway to the Californian goldfields San Francisco experienced demographic shock that had a lasting impact on its economy qtd. In Frost 1 . People moved to SF for mining gold and many mills like Sutter's mill was established. For these reasons these cities grew more and more. Although these cities differ from each other with respect to geological and historic aspects they have many common features in other aspects. Both cities have diversity in several areas. Many different ethnic groups live in these places. American Asian Spanish European and other peoples who have different historical background and racial characteristics adapt to others' culture. For example we can visit China town and access various ethnic markets very easily in both of them. Another diversity of both places lies in religion. For instance due to diversity of religion there are many temples and churches. In addition they have economic similarities. They are acting like the financial capitals. NYC is a well known hub of financial industry and SF is also called the western hub of the industry. Headquarters of many global companies in diverse industries are located there. Tourism industry is one of the biggest industries in both places. Millions of people visit these cities a year. Therefore tourism was developed naturally. Tourists can visit lots of museums and enjoy many kinds of entertainment. People can find shopping centers almost everywhere in these places. That's why these cities are called as consumer cities. Lastly they have well developed public transportation. Large demands from travelers as well as commuters and geological advantages accelerate the development of the public transportation. Specifically they are on the coast. It means they could use ships. Actually the ports of NYC and SF were one of the busiest port in the U. S. Furthermore SF has train bus and cable car which is world famous. NYC similar to SF has subway bus and yellow cab which is a symbol of NYC. An interesting point is that ships are still used as transportation not only for sightseeing but also commuting. As a positive feedback convenient transportation attract more tourists in the world In sum SF and NYC have both similarities and differences. Even though they have different geological features and histories they are similar in culture economy and infrastructure. If you visit these cities you can realize soon why they are attracting so many travelers across the countries. Works cited United States. Department of Commerce International Trade Administration. Overseas Visitation Estimates for U. S. States Cities and Census Regions 2010. 2010. Web. ANON_URLSPAGE_. Frost Lionel. 'METALLIC NERVES' SAN FRANCISCO AND ITS HINTERLAND DURING AND AFTER THE GOLD RUSH. Australian Economic History Review 50. 2 2010 129 147. Business Source Complete. EBSCO. Web. 30 Oct. 2011. 760 Words
