Saudi Arabia before oil discovery and after. Saudi Arabia is known with its oil production which can reach up to 9 million barrels per day. Actually Saudi Arabia has the largest amount of oil in the world. The first oil well was Dammam well which was discovered around 1930 after that many wells were discovered. Oil is very expensive and billions of dollars are what Saudi Arabia get from oil every day. In fact oil discovery has changed many things positively in Saudi Arabia but at the same time many aspects have not changed because of religious and social reasons. Saudi Arabia to which most Muslims travel has the two holly mosques which are located in Mecca and Medina. Saudis are pleased to help Muslims who come every year in two occasions which are Hajj and the month of Ramadan. Moreover Saudis are strict about what they believe about Islam. Fiona moss who worked in Saudi Arabia for two years said Every aspect of the nation's business life is circumscribed by a strict adherence to the Muslim call to prayer five times a day. During the holy month of Ramadan when the Muslim population abstains from eating drinking or smoking until the sundown prayer most shops and all restaurants and caf par 10 . Similarly family relation was not affected by oil discovery. For example Saudi family size still large and most families have more than 5 members. People relationship with their families was not affected also the underlying reasons for that are both religious and social reasons. Education economy transportation health and diversity of work are examples of changes that occurred after oil discovery in Saudi Arabia.milarly education has changed dramatically after oil discovery. Few traditional schools where students were taught how to read the Quran were available in some cities in the past. In the other hand Saudi Arabia has thousands of free public schools and more than 20 governmental universities where students can choose to study one of many specialties majors. Transportation is another good example which show how different is Saudi Arabia before and after oil discovery. Many highways and 26 airports are connecting Saudi cities and connecting Saudi Arabia with 8 neighbor countries. Herbal medicine was the main treatment for Saudis about 60 years ago. In contrast many specialty hospitals are distributed in Saudi Arabia and they are really good hospitals. According to Peter Pallot Saudi Arabia has a good health system where American and European protocols are used. This health system can be compared to western countries. Par 1 . Many people in neighbor countries visit Saudi Arabia seeking for treatment. Finally Saudi citizens were working in farming or trading as main majors before oil period because of lack of job opportunities. The eastern region of Saudi Arabia whose oil is the main source is the place where oil generated many jobs Saudis started looking for jobs with high salary. Nowadays Saudis are working in different majors and working in both governmental and private jobs. In conclusion oil discovery make Saudi Arabia in good position and changed many things positively. In the other hand because of religious and social reasons some aspects did not change and they still the same. I think that Saudi Arabia will have many changes in the future and it will be one of the developed country if oil remains sustainable for long time. References Moss Fiona. My life inside the Saudi kingdom. Telegraph 04 jun 2004. 31 Oct. 2011. ANON_URLSPAGE_. Pallot Peter. Expat guide to Saudi Arabia health care. Telegraph 19 Aug 2011. 31 Oct. 2011. ANON_URLSPAGE_.
