Alhanoof Aldebasi W5T Essay 2 October 30 2011 According to David Cohen Facebook is a wonderful tool. Where you can shear your thoughts and idea with friends and family. Then in a normal day a young activists tried to use this website as a way to declare the Arab revolution. In that day a history has been rewritten in unexpected way. A new revolution began in a land that had never seen one using an invented method to fight. With a camera phone connected to the Internet is what it took them to launch a tech revolution against their country's regime. As a result this uprising is not like any uprising neither in the tools nor in the way they used to fight the old regime. Hence social network has affected our world in many aspects except our love and loyalty to our country. According to a Arabian poet When an Arabian loves something he is willing to die protect it. This can be illustrated by watching what happened in Egypt Tunisia Libya and more. Citizens of those countries love their country and they are willing to protect it and the people living in it. But when a president becomes an unfair leader who will use the country's resources to his own gain this president should leave this job and never serve in it anymore. Before 2011 people can't do anything beyond wishing for a better future. However when 2011 began things in the region started to change people have the tool to force unfair leader to stand down for the office and let the people choice a new one without the influence of the previous leader. After the uprising those citizens are proud of their country more than before because they now can express their love to their country and act based on the affection of this wonderful place. Living in a country that censors everything especially media is hard for the people because the government controls what you are doing in the Internet and the television. But what the governs didn't ban is the social network media such as Facebook that is being considered the core for the Arab revolution besides Twitter. According to Peter Beaumont blocked access to most social networking sites except Facebook. So young activists used what they had and turn it to a weapon that is more powerful than the real one. As a result many presidents in those countries wished that they banned those websites but they didn't realize how lethal those websites got to be Peter Beaumont 3 . Nowadays media censorship and other kinds of censorship are being limited in use by the new government. They understand that banning things from the public is neither the way to do things anymore nor the way to force people to fallow rules. Talking about the government in anyway is illegal and could lead to jail. Being afraid from getting arrested in an anti government conduct forced people to be silent and quite about everything that the government is a part of it. On the contrary the social media has given the people the space to speak up where they feel free and no being watched by the government. For instance an Egyptian woman preferred to not revenge to her son's death that the government played a role in his suicide because she was to afraid that the Mubarak regime will cause her problems as a punishment so she preferred to not say anything until the Egyptian uprising broke down the old regime. When the uprising of the Arab world ended in some countries such as Egypt and Tunisia their citizens have the right to speak what is in their mind without being hunted by the government. Love peace and justice are what everyone is looking for. Wars started because of one of these and they used guns to fight and win. While in 2011 people preferred to use what they have. They used technology to win. Driven by the love of the country they never stop believing that they will have a new country that is being ruled by the people for the people. Egypt Tunisia and Libya are some examples for the Arab revolution in which can demonstrate how love can change counties even with the simplest devise like phone with a WI FI. Work cited Cohen David Social Media Week The Internet and Uprisings in the Arab World Are We Already in a Post Social Media World ANON_URLSITE_February7 2011 October26 2011 web Beaumont Peter The truth about Twitter Facebook and the uprisings in the Arab world The Guardian February24 2011 October 6 2011 web
