Saudi Arabia before and after King Abdul Aziz AL ANON_NAME_0 NAME Ghazi AlNjadi Class Writing Section 5T Historically after the Islamic country which was called AL Ottoman Empire has been destroyed and after western forces divided it into many small countries the Arabian Peninsula was divided into many regions. The Arabian Gulf countries were British colonies because these countries are on the coast and it was easy to attack them among seas by the invaders' fleet while inside the Arabian Peninsula where Saudi Arabia is located now was mostly a desert plus some important regions such as the two holy cities in the west and high mountains in the south. Fortunately this part of the Arabian Peninsula had not been occupied by any foreign invader. This area was not stable politically or did not have any political system to control it every region was controlled by a tribe which used the traditional customs to rule these regions. In addition the economical status and the security were bad in general. However these regions have become one country that the world admires today it is the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. This happened after the King Abdul Aziz AL ANON_NAME_0 had unified these regions which were and still sharing many similarities like the same religion and the Arabian customs. There was no political ruler in Saudi Arabia before King Abdul Aziz unified it. Every Saudi region and city has its own tribes and every tribe has its own special social system. The relationship among these regions was weak or in some cases there was no any relationship. In case of small problems or disagreements a deadly war may occur. However the royal family which governs Saudi currently is following the constitution of Islam that makes this country stable politically. According to the Carnegie endowment for international peace in regarding civil society in Saudi Arabia Council of Saudi Chambers of Commerce and Industry is the important direction which acts as a mediator between Saudi companies and the state. Carnegie endowment for international peace 15 Embracing Islam and applying it in life is one of the obvious aspect in Saudi Arabia in the past and now. This point was the key factor that helped King Abdul Aziz to unify scattered regions into one country. Even though there were subcultural differences King Abdul Aziz successfully used the same believe to reunion people and thoughts and then they have become one community. The economy was not good because incomes were very limited. The main financial source was relying on growing animals such as sheep camels goats and some cows. In some areas there were some farms which fed people in a local area where there are water resources. In fact the Zakat was the most crucial source of money that helped people in that time so much Zakat is an Islamic Arabic word which mean donation because donation is worship in the Islam people were frequently donating to help each other. On other hand King Abdul Aziz has revitalized this bad status of the economy and today the kingdom of Saudi Arabia has a strong economical system. In a quotation of what has been written on the American government's website The population was approximately 24 million. The oil industry was the basis of the transformation of the country from a pastoral agricultural and trading society to a rapidly urbanizing one and the labor market had a large percentage of foreign workers . U. S department of state Feb. 25 2004 The security between regions was bad while inside each city or village was much better because every city or tribe were applying the Islamic penalties to deal with crimes. Indeed it was difficult to travel among cities or to live in countryside where the security is might have been totally nonexistent. Not only were crimes related to criminals only the significant security problems but also because of wild animals especially these in deserts that were attacking travellers or people outside cities. Despite this bad situation in the past after King Abdul Aziz applied exactly the Islamic instructions to secure people and the country you will never find in the world such as this country which has this high level of security. The old inherent Arabic traditions which are same as today play a big role to facilitate establishing the modern Saudi country today. King Abdul Aziz was focusing on this similarity to achieve his goal. Some examples of these traditions are like helping others until they get back on their feet the fairness between a man and woman in the life value the importance of families neighbors and connected society individuals follow and respect the leader instructions and reject bad behaviors such as prostitution and cheating. To summarize Saudi Arabia after King Abdul Aziz ruled it has become the country that inspire the world by its unique political system which achieve the justness and fairness among citizens unlike in the past when there was no definite political system. The security was not good but Saudi has become lately one of the most safe place in the world also Saudi Arabia passed the poverty problems related with the bad economical status to be today one of the most stable countries economically in the world. Number of words 875 Works cited U. S department of state online Saudi Arabia Country Reports on Human Rights Practices . Bureau of Democracy Human Rights and Labor. February 25 2004. ANON_URLSPAGE_SAUDI ARABIA Carnegie endowment for international peace . P 15 ANON URLPAGE
