This story is about a young man who just moved into an old building far up Broadway where nobody has been there for years. The place had been given to dust and COBWEBS to SOLITUDE and silence. A weird things happened to him. After two hours off thinking the noises of the rain and the wind subsided. Suddenly while he is sleeping his bedclothes began to slip away slowly toward the foot of the bed but he roused his energy and snatched the covers back to their place. This happened several times till he groaned and an answering groan came from the foot of the bed. He heard heavy footsteps like an elephant moved from him. A while after that he saw a vast footprint beside his. He had had a visitor and the elephant tread was explained. Things was keep happening that night dragging of a heavy body stealthy footsteps creeping in and out among the corridors and up and down the stairs clanking chains and screams. He realized that his chamber was invaded. Sighs and whispers three little spheres of soft phosphorescent light appeared pallid faces dimly luminous and white uplifted hands floating bodiless in the air and disappearing. When everything was still once more he lit the gas but the gas flame was slowly wilting away. He heard the elephantine tread again the door didn't open and yet he felt a faint gust of air fan his cheek. It presented with a huge. Cloudy presence before him. Gradually its cloudy folde took shape an arm appeared then legs then a body and last a great face looked out of the vapor. The majestic Cardiff Giant loomed above him!. Then he tried to get him sit but the giant ghost broke everything he sat on and ruined all the furniture. The man got mad because of the ghost and criticized him a lot. Then the ghost said that he didn't have the chance to sit for a century and the man felt sorry for him. Finally he sat on the floor and they have talked for half an hour and everything had been revealed. The ghost said that he is the spirit of the Petrified Man that lies across the street there in the museum. He said that he is the ghost of the Cardiff Giant. He has been terrifying men to have this body burial again and let other ghosts help him but nobody came anymore until this man came. So he begged the man to give him some hope. The truth has come up when the man told the ghost the he had all his trouble for nothing and he has been hunting a plaster cast of himself and the real Cardiff Giant is in Albany. The ghost felt so absurd and he said that the petrified man has sold everybody else and now the mean fraud has ended up by selling its own ghost!. He begged the man to not let this get out and went away into the deserted street and the man felt sorry for him.
