The fastest Growing Careers What will the hot jobs be in the future Many students usually rely on the research which is ranking the future top careers in the newspaper or on Internet websites. According to the research ranking careers related to computer science health care and environmental protection are three major popular industries in the coming generation. To begin with computer related industries have grown dramatically. These occupations usually need people who have abilities such as imagination creativity and invention. People never stop requiring new inventions therefore these industries will continue to create new products to meet people's demands. In other words these industries' human resources requirement will be constant. The second massive emerging careers active to health care. People's life span get longer gradually. Obviously they care more about how to eat healthyly how to sustain health body and how to acquire completely health care treatments. Consequently the field of these industries needs people who have inspiring reliable and patient abilities. That is we can expect to receive good health care when we are getting old. Finally the last but the most important careers are related to environmental protection industries. Nowadays warnings of global environment crises make people be conscious more than previously to protect our limited natural resources and extend earth's life. Recycling utilities and inventing replacement energy technology industries need vast human resources who have analytic supportive and logical abilities to defend our earth. Besides we can maintain our beautiful environment for our next generation. In conclusion the fastest growing careers for the coming modern future will be in occupational areas related to computer technology health care treatment and protecting environment industries. Because we live in an information technology and self conscious age our requirement and consciousness make society provide more human services in the future. The Changing style of careers implies our lives are approaching an ideal society.
