Career Although the leader is important the secretary who works for a leader plays a crucial role in a company. The secretaries have the duty to help their boss to complete and consummate everything. If you want to be a successful secretary there are three parts that you need to pay attention to knowledge problem solving and interpersonal skills. First of all as a secretary the widespread fields of knowledge are necessary so that nothing will be a hard task for you. In my opinion the basic computer skills are needed for everyday office tasks for all secretaries because the high tech machine can save much time and is convenient for working. Not only this reason but also the manager has the standard of picking up the person with the flexibility in using computers. Although we don't need the professional computer skills we should study the basic technology on the computer. The second point is that I think you should study many aspects of causes especially the psychology or the philosophy. Why will you come into contact with these kinds of seemingly relevant courses Because the secretary deals with the cases in the different situations you can use your knowledge if you are the knowledgeable person. Secondly you should have the ability to solve problems quickly and efficiently. Time is money which is for the business and the leader and also the staff. That is the reason why we will have high quality to finish the work. One affair will affect the next step if we don't solve problem in the least amount of time so that we have to work hard. Also the high efficiency on dealing with the troubles can represents that we are able to challenge ourselves and we have the confidence on everything. On the other hand the detailed planning and analytical method also can help us to spend less time on solving the problem. I think that if you want to make a good plan for something you should be accustomed to planning everything so that you will have the habit with these kinds of things. If you add the analytical method for helping you to work you will have the more specific information for your paper and plan. It is an efficient way to target the high quality. Finally the interpersonal skills are also useful for the secretary. If you have a mild communication with your colleagues they will help you on something you can't finish which mean you need friends in a company. Also you should know the teamwork is very important in any companies. If you do everything by yourself without anyone you will be very tired and be confused on the stuffs. More people help you the more benefits you get. That will give you breathing room in the busy day. Another point is that you should communicate with your boss often because that will make you do the above mentioned things comfortably. In conclusion as a qualified secretary many aspects of knowledge the specific plans for work and good relationships with others are necessary. You can obtain the salary experience and happiness from being a secretary if you possess these skills. We can find the real interests from the process of studying knowledge. You can prepare for these skills now if you have the same dream with me.
