Online learning and learning in class Nowadays as scientific and technological are in progress we have many different way to access higher education. The technology will be used to create learning communities among students in new ways Mr. Regier said. The New York Times Web Aug 19 2009. We can participate in traditional classroom on campus attending classes and obtain knowledge from instructors. We can also enroll in the online program which the students can do telecommunications from home and we called it Distance Education. Online learning is often on an individual basis to students who are not physically sitting in the class room. There has some differences and similarities between online learning and traditional classroom learning. One obvious difference is flexibility. When students go to school every weekdays they have the regular schedule and routine. They have to drive or take shuttle if they are live a bit far away from school. If some unexpected plants change or an emergency comes up they cannot adapt the class schedule. In contrast you can choose the time which is suit with you for the online learning program and it may cause less absence. It is more convenience for online leaning such as spending time and fuel expenses on commute to the classroom everyday. Other difference between online learning and classroom learning is the communication and interaction. The classroom environment offers students the opportunity to have face to face with their instructors and classmates they can discuss the questions and solve the problems directly. If there are something they do not understand they can interrupt and ask for clarification or explanation. As we are human of course we need to communicating with people also it is an important thing that students can get the friendship from that it is our instinct. However it is less interaction for learning online. From my perspective one disadvantage is the lack of interaction since it based on individual learning. True the students can email the chat or and statistic to their professor if they have problem need to discuss but it may be more difficult that they ask their professor directly. The last difference is the facilities which is most traditional colleges have. Most traditional colleges offer their students facilities to use such as gyms libraries student centers computer centers clinics research labs and more and some college also have museum for student to visit. Students just use their student ID to take a bus. Online learning cannot always provide these helpful tools for their students. No matter which one of online learning or classroom learning has more benefits or convenience both of them has the same resources and textbooks for students. Students may find the feedback from a professor who are expert on the subject material and their instructors are always available to answer student's questions and give them explanation if needed. Moreover students have the same assignments to do and take exams and write papers to show what they have learned in both types of learning. Although it is different framework to access in between these two styles of learning but there have the same goal to achieve. Every students are acquiring higher knowledge in their major and develop their abilities. Also students can get the degrees and certifications from their studying in either way of the education. Online learning traditional classroom learning different yet alike. Notwithstanding the two learning styles differ in many field such as flexibility communication and the facilities form school they have more than one common distinguishing features. Both of online learning and classroom learning has their own features which one is more suit with you it depends what you need and what your majors are. Either modern or traditional way to study they has the same way to go through which is learning.
