I was in Miami Florida two years ago with my family and it was the perfect place to enjoy a summer vacation. While I am staying now in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania I can easily distinguish the differences and the similarities between these two cities. First of all Miami is located in Southeastern Florida while Pittsburgh is located in Northwestern Pennsylvania. Therefore the weather differs in each city. For example Miami has a warm weather during the entire year whereas Pittsburgh has a very cold weather most of the months but it gets warmer in summer. According to Albrecht Powell Pittsburgh has a very cold weather almost all of the months therefore people wear their hat glove and scarf in preparation for the extreme cold par. 1 In Miami people can enjoy most of their time going to the beach and having fun. They can swim catch fish and even surf which is one of the most interesting activities that a lot of people can enjoy while they are there. Unlike Pittsburgh there isn't any beaches only rivers so people prefer to have a picnic in the park and play with their pets or do some outdoor activates such as kayaking and rock climbing. When we want to talk about architecture Pittsburgh is the best example of the most beautiful architecture comparing it to Miami . For instance its historic structure magnificent bridges and the amazing view of the three rivers provide a beautiful place for tourist to visit and explore the amazing places there. While Miami's architecture differs in so many ways whether from the style to the colorful and playful buildings that reflect its beach and its culture too. In addition Miami is more into art architectures than the historical ones in Pittsburgh. While experiencing the life in each city I found a huge difference in the cost of living in both Miami and Pittsburgh. For example If you live in Pittsburgh things are going to be cheaper than if you live in Miami. For instance renting a house in Miami is very expensive whereas in Pittsburgh it's a little bit reasonable. Moreover restaurants in Miami are also expensive and also the shopping's products are also expensive too. One more thing I believe that if someone wants to raise a family Pittsburgh is the best place to live because it is cheaper and the most important thing it has great educational system. Despite the differences these two cities have something in common when it comes to economy and Art. Firstly let us talk about the economy in both Miami and Pittsburgh we can easily recognize that both cities are having a diversified economy focused on tourism banking and technology. Also art plays such a great role in Miami and Pittsburgh we can see a lot of theaters musical festivals and museums too. In sum Miami and Pittsburgh are two cities that share some similarities in economy and art even though they have many differences in the weather and architecture . It is really interesting to know what each country has so that it will be easy for us to choose our next destination in which we might spent a period of time there. Works Cited Powell Albrecht what to wear in winter Pittsburgh winter weather and travel ANON URLPAGE
