As The world develop people want to have good life. So there are many medical practice and pharmacetical dispensing. In my case specially I want to know the acupuncture. When I was a kid my ankle often was sprained. So I had to go to hospital and I several had to go to hospital. When my ankle was sprained again and my grand mom took me to go to the acupuncturist and I could be recovered more rapidly. Since I think that it is very marvelous. Also at present a lot of Amrican is interesting at acupuncture involves stimulating. In the past 40 years acupuncture has become a well known reasonably available treatment in developed and developing countries. Marvelous. So I want to know the acupuncture. Acupuncture literally means 'needle piercing the practice of inserting very fine needles into the skin to stimulate specific anatomic points in the body called acupuncture points for therapeutic purposes. Along with the usual method of puncturing the skin with the fine needles the practitioners of acupuncture also use heat pressure friction suction or impulses of electromagnetic energy to stimulate the points. The acupuncture points are stimulated to balance the movement of energy qi in the body to restore health. To really understand how acupuncture works it is necessary to become familiar with the basics of Chinese medicine. Historically acupuncture points were believed to be holes that allow entry into channels. These holes provide us gateways to influence redirect increase or decrease body's vital substance qi thus correcting many of the imbalances. Many studies and research were directed since to understand the mechanism of acupuncture. Acupuncture has been shown to stimulate the immune system. It also has affects the circulation blood pressure rhythm and stroke volume of the heart secretion of the gastric acid and production of red and white cells. It also stimulates the release of a variety of hormones that help body to respond to injury and stress. According to this theory there two methods. Frist gate control of pain signals must pass through a number of high traffic gates as they move from the area of injury upward through the spinal cord into the brain. Like a road or highway these nerves can handle only a limited number of nerve signals at one time. The pain signals travels very slowly. We can generate other signals which move faster. The faster signals crowd out the slower ones because of the limited capacity of the nerves. Let's compare acupuncture with traffic the time sitting in traffic near a construction zone where the two lanes merge into one. The fast cars on the merging lanes go further and merge ahead of the slower ones making it nearly impossible for the slow traffic on the lane to move forward. Now think about the pain signals are the slow ones sitting there waiting for an opening to move through. If one can produce enough fast signals it can effectively crowd out the pain signals. Acupuncture generates competing stimulus and effectively blocks the slow pain signals from reaching the brain. The result we never experience the pain . Second electrical of pain is the body continually generates tiny but detectable electrical discharges. This electrical field influences the growth maturation and functioning of some types of cells. It is known that acupuncture points are concentrated in regions of low electrical resistance. Studies have shown that there is a correlation between the electromagnetic fields in the body and the channels or meridians. So this electrical of pain is acupuncture suggests that acupuncture works by influencing the body's electromagnetic fields. Acupuncture points have certain electrical properties and stimulating these points alters chemical neurotransmitters in the body. A series of controlled studies has shown evidence for the effectiveness of acupuncture in the treatment of a variety of conditions including osteoarthritis overight chemotherapy induced nausea asthma back pain painful menstrual cycles bladder instability and migraine headaches. Studies on acupuncture also have shown positive results in the areas of chronic pain management and in the management of drug addition. Then I believe the acupuncture is specific role in helping good health and a personal's well being and beauty. Reference 1. Acupuncture literally means 'needle piercing the practice of inserting very fine stimulated to balance the movement of energy qi in the body to restore health ANON_URLSPAGE_JL Han XW Su SN. The role of frontal neurons in pain and acupuncture analgesia. Sci China B. 1990 33 938 45. 3. Shen J. Research on the neurophysiological mechanisms of acupuncture review of selected studies and methodological issues. J Altern Complement Med. 2001 7 Suppl 1 S121 7.
