LULU ALOTHMAN WRITING 5 10 31 2011 Saudi Arabia before and after globalization No place around the world have been left untouched by the numerous influences of globalization Saudi Arabia has been influenced by globalization in terms of changing the lives of Saudi Arabian citizens in many aspects in their daily life like in education how people dressed up and how they eat. First of all what is globalization According to Joseph Stiglitz an economist and winner of the Nobel Prize Globalization is the closer integration of the countries and peoples of the world brought about by the enormous reduction of costs of transportation and communication and the breaking down of artificial barriers to the flows of goods services capital knowledge and people across borders. Joseph Stiglitz P1 the effects of the breaking down of the barriers have influenced Saudi Arabia in many ways. One major effect of globalization in Saudi Arabia is education. If we look at the education in Saudi Arabia in the past and compare it with the education in these days we will see a huge different. In the early of 1960s the numbers of females who registered in a school was too low but today there is extremely different. For example the number of female students has increased dramatically from 25 in 60s to 47. 5 In 2000 Amani Hamdan 2005 . Also globalization has led to the increase in the number of Saudi's students who study overseas. The ministry of high education in Saudi Arabia made many agreements with different countries such as the USA the UK Canada and Australia to send many students from Saudi to these countries to study in various subjects. In addition the GOTEVOT general organization of technical and vocational training has adopted the Australian curriculum in their schools which could help the GOTEVOT students to get a high quality of education. Furthermore the government of Saudi Arabia has spent a lot of money since 80s to improve the education by building many schools colleges and universities. Moreover the government encourages students in the university by giving them payment each month to help the students during their study life. Moreover Saudis have been influenced by the way westerners dress up for example Saudi men used to only wear the Thoube traditional Saudi white shirt robe and Saudi women were used to wear the Jallabiya traditional Saudi dress . Because of the effect of globalization along with the influence of foreigners on Saudis clothes like t shirts pants and jeans became a common clothing outfit. Nowadays women traditional outfit only used in special occasions and the shops that sells these traditional dresses located only in the down town old boutiques and in expensive prices compared to the casual outfit. Globalization not only changed the way how people dressed up it's also changed the way of eating. In the past from the early of 1980s people in Saudi Arabia used to eat and cock a traditional food. For instance people prefer eating traditional food such as Kabsa steam rice with chicken or beaf and Margog vegetable soup that's tomato based and consist of some whole wheat dough that's wet and it pat out into small pancake type patties and and it put into the boiling vegetable soup than eating from a restaurant. However this trend of eating habits in Saudi Arabia had changed at the middle 1990s. By 2000 it became common to see many fast food restaurants like MacDonald KFC Burger King and Pizza Hut. Therefore people in Saudi Arabia started to change their eating habits by eating in these restaurants although the fast food restaurants could cause some harms for our health. The reason for that is that people in Saudi Arabia travels overseas for studying or tourism each year when they come back to their country their eating habits would be changed. Now days people in Saudi Arabia is trying to copy not only the modern life from the western but also they are trying to copy their food habits. In conclusion without doubt globalization had led to some benefits in the lifestyle of Saudi Arabia. In spite of the fact that globalization has some negatives one of them is globalization of values and ethics there are many benefits for globalization. For example the positive effects for globalization in Saudi Arabia are more than the negative effects. In my opinion if Saudi Arabia became one of the developed countries one of the possible reasons for that would be the effects of globalization. References Amani hamdan . Women and education in Saudi Arabia Challenges and achievements. International Education Journal 2005. 30October2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_. Joseph Stiglitz. Globalization and its Discontents. 07 February2004. 30 October 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_.
