My sub culture Dwen Jang Nyuh We get to know a lot of sub cultures in life. And at this point a lot of sub cultures disappear and organize. When I was in Korea I experienced a weird sub culture. It is the Dwen Jang Nyuh culture. It has the meaning of Shitty girl . But why do we call them that There are people who stay home all day surfing over the internet. They don't have the opportunity to go to expensive restaurants like Outback steak house. So they call those who do those things Dwen Jang and hate them. The 'Dwen Jang Nyuh' people only want designer brands and better physical looks. They lost there identity as women. They only want capital goods and the New Yorker style of life. For example they have meals that cost usually one or two dollars. And then they drink coffee that costs five or six dollars to show others. They also have part time jobs to buy designer brand purses. They buy expensive things to look luxurious. When they go to expensive restaurants they take pictures and show it on their blogs to others. I believe there was on idea like the Dwen Jang Nyuh in the past. But I don't think the word was used. It's the internet that helped the people come up with the term. And because of internet a lot of people know about it now. The problem is how you think about them. If you ask someone What is Dwen Jang Nyuh no one can give a good answer. They will only give examples of Starbucks coffee expensive brand goods and family restaurants. Because this is unclear anyone who drinks Starbucks coffee can be thought of 'Dwen Jang Nyuh'. Rather than saying good or bad about them I think talking about who made it and how they think about it is more important. Who made the criterion We do not know. It is a funny answer but we really don't know. However I think it only made the issue controversial. In society one's looks are very important. So there are a lot of people that have interest in their looks. But some people look at people dressed nice and think them as 'dwen jang nyuh'. I think people who are criticized for no reason are in pain.
