Happiness Nowadays all people around the world look to live happy lives. No one likes to have a sad life. Happiness makes peoples' lives healthy and easy. In my country it is common to here some people say that people who live happy lives are healthier and live longer than people who live sad lives. In fact there are two things if you want to be happy in your life you should have at least one of them. First of all living with a connected and supportive family is one of the most important causes that can lead people to happiness. Usually related families support each other in difficult and hard situations. For example I remember when I was student at college my family helped me a lot and they were trying to save me in many situations especially my older brother. Another kind of support for a family member is financial support. For example if someone of their family is ambitious and likes to get high degrees such as a Master's degree or PhD they support him her financially to achieve what is he she looking for. Also as everyone knows teenagers need someone to guide them and advise them to find and select the correct ways in their life and I think this will be more beneficial if it is coming from someone's family especially if it is from parents or from people who have a high experience in life. Another thing that can bring happiness is having a good job. Always people who have good jobs are happy because the high salaries that they take they are able to buy fancy things such as cars and houses. In addition they do not have to work for many hours during a week. This edge gives them a chance to do a lot of fun activities such as traveling and visiting nice places around the world. For example they can visit Europe or Middle East. Also they can hang outside with friends and family to museums restaurants or theaters. To sum up everyone knows that happiness makes people' lives fantastic and very nice. Therefore I do not think anyone refuses to live a happy life. My advice is if you want to be happy you should have at least one of the two causes that I mentioned in this essay.
