Vacation planning Planning for a vacation is very hard. First you need to choose the place where you want to go and then you have to book an airline ticket and a hotel. After that you would have to plan your activities. Nowadays people are more selective and they spend a lot of time searching for good deals. Some people prefer to plan their vacation by their own or ask a friend who knows about the city to plan the trip. On the other hand other people prefer to go to a travel agency to plan their vacation. When you choose a travel agency you need to keep in mind that there are advantages and disadvantages for using a travel agency. The most important advantage is that travel agencies usually provide good deals. This is because travel agencies can arrange for special offers with airlines and hotels. The second important advantage is accuracy. They have an excellent experience in the business so the number of errors will be limited. For example I reserved an airline ticket to Los Angeles and when I reached there I found out that the airport is 1 hour away from the hotel. If I reserved with a travel agency they would have chosen a proper airport. The least important advantage is that the travel agency is fast. They can plan your trip in a short time because they already have a set of clear plans. On the other hand there is a major disadvantage that is the communication between you and the travel agency. For example I approached a travel agency to plan a trip for me to the Maldives. Everything was perfect I went to their office and the agent explained the advantages and disadvantages for every hotel and we selected a very good hotel. When I arrive there I had a very good time. However the problem was when I decided to extent my stay I could not reach the travel agency so I took the hotel rate which was very expensive. Asking a friend who has visited the city that you want to go to to plan your vacation is a good idea. There are many factors contribute to why you should rely on your friend. The most important factor that you friend will give you a truthful advice. Unlike the travel agent maybe he she will give you advice based on commission if he she sells more to this destination. The least important factor is that your friend had a previous experience in that city. So your friend will know the best places and hotels. For example two years ago I was confused where to go for my vacation. One of my friends suggested Turkey since he has visited it before. He said he will take care of everything and he did. He chose the best hotel and he wrote for me a terrific daily schedule of the places I have to visit. It was the best vacation ever. Many people nowadays plan their vacation by their own. There are many reasons behind this. The most important reason is that you can browse all your options in the internet and choose the best option that suits you. For example a friend or a travel agent will show you only the options that he she thinks it good. The least important reason is the freedom to change. Many people nowadays book their trip through online and they have flexible cancellation policies. So you can change your trip any time without thinking about the cancellation fees. For example my friend booked a hotel in Las Vegas. One day he read reviews about this hotel and it was ranked badly. So due to the flexible cancelation policy he was able to change. There are many options to plan a trip. Each option has its own advantages and disadvantages. Planning your trip with a travel agency might get you a good deal. Also travel agency would have preset plans which would save time and provide better accuracy. If you know someone you trust and visited the city you are going to before then you can seek help from him her to plan your trip since he she went through the experience before you. Last if you like to know the details of everything and love to be in control then the best option is plan your own trip.
