Options for Vacation Planning We are always expecting vocations no matter you are an adult or a child a worker or a student. But it is also a time that we always hesitate about planning our vacation. From my perspective I would categorize three aspects for vacation planning such as Island and Water Activity Forest and Camping Activity and Visit Activity. First according to the level of exciting I have three options about Island and Water Activity. The most exciting activity is aquatic sports like surfing or diving. It could bring us not only excitations but also other direct experiences with ocean. The second most exciting activity is going out to sea by a sail or a yacht. We can enjoy the feeling of lie on the ocean and fantastic views of the world. However it is also an expensive activity. The least exciting activity is sunbath on the beach of an island. It is the most comfortable and relaxed activity for us although it is not an exciting activity. In addition it is also beneficial for our body and mentality to catch more rays. How about enjoying your vacation by Forest and Camping Activity alternatively if you are not interested in ocean It would be another great choice for you. It could also be classified for three aspects depends on how difficult is it. The most difficult activity is mountain climbing. Although it might be hard dangerous and need to be trained we should try it at lease for once instead of marveling at the grand views by photos. The second most difficult activity is camping. It is a trip which is suitable for family or a group of friend could maintain even enhance our emotion and relationship. The least difficult activity is hiking. If we do not have much time or money it is also a profitable way to enjoy our environment and vacation. On the contrary some people would like to use their time on indoor activities during their vacation. For example going shopping is the most usual popular and frequent activity for people in the city and it is almost the most expensive one. Therefore it is evident that there are always crowded in shopping malls on the vacation. The second expensive activity is having a party. We can hold or join a party to connect with our family and friends. There are always a lot of unforgettable and precious memories happened during the fantastic party. On the other hand you could also make a plan to visit the museum attend a symposium and go to a concert or watch a movie if you like. It is almost the least expensive and the simplest activity. Nevertheless no matter what kind of activities you like and chose you must need to plan your vocation previously that can avoid the accidents. In addition you should relax yourself well and enjoy the time with your friends and family. That is the real signification of the vocation.
