No one can live without his portion of food. Eating a variety of food is an essential part of our daily activities that we can't ignore its importance for our physical health. There are three major categories of food meat vegetables and fruit. Many of us are looking for their favorite kind of meat. The reasons of eating meat differ from one person to another. Some rely on the delicious taste regardless if their progressive consumption is useful for health or not. Every type of meat has its own medical and physical benefit. For example meat contains a large amount of protein which are beneficial to the human body and contains all the essential amino acids that definitely rank as one of the best sources of protein. So meat improves the overall health and gives the well being of our bodies and ignoring meat eating isn't relevant decision. Also people need meat due to other benefits such as repairing and building the body tissues the production of antibodies that can protect the body from infections and strengthening the immune system as well. Every single house can't stop consuming vegetables in entire life. You can't imagine one house without cucumbers and tomatoes. We need a mixture of vegetables with our meals every day. Eating vegetables is one of the best resources that you pick out for your diet. Most vegetables are naturally low in fat and calories and none have cholesterol. Vegetables are the sources of many nutrients including potassium fiber vitamin A and vitamin C. As we know vitamin A keeps eyes and skin healthy and assists in protecting against infections while vitamin C is a factor for healing from cuts and wounds keeps teeth and gums healthy and aids in iron absorption. Finally fruit is the third category of food. The majority of people like fruits because it has the sweat taste. Strawberry and apples are two popular fruits which the majority of people eat during the year. There are tons of benefits in fruit beside its provision us with the necessary water. First fruits are utilized in some diet programs while it is sure way to a healthier body. Fruits contain natural fiber that can help in regulating bowel movements. Furthermore it has been proven that fruit comes to lower cholesterol levels that are considered a factor for strokes and heart disease. In conclusion People must balance between those three kinds of food and provide their bodies the necessary of meat vegetables and fruit. If people reduce the enough amounts of that group their physical health will suffer in the long term.
