Nutritional benefits of the food Spinal bifida anemia and irritable bowel syndrome all are diseases caused by deficiency of vitamins in our body. Your body needs vitamins for your eyes for growth and for resisting infection. Healthy food composed of vitamins and substances that have special roles in being healthy. Body needs two significant types of vitamins the first most significant type is fat soluble vitamins like vitamins A and D. The other second most significant type called water soluble vitamins like vitamins B C. When it comes to vitamins each one has a special role to play. The first most significant type is fat soluble vitamins which include vitamins A and D. The first most important type of water soluble vitamin is Vitamin D which is an important in absorb of calcium that helps the bone and teeth. Vitamin D is common in egg also in sunshine. The second most important type of water soluble vitamin is Vitamin A. Vitamin A stored in liver and has wide variety of roles. It is powerful of antioxidant maintaining eyesight healthy skin fighting cancer and aiding in bone and teeth formation. Furthermore Stroke victims who have high levels of vitamin A in their systems are less likely to die or suffer disabilities from the stroke. We can gain that vitamin from the milk egg potato carrot and spinach. The second most significant type is water soluble vitamins which can't store in the body it needs to get them from food and as well they destroyed by overcooking. The most important water soluble vitamin is vitamin B . It helps body to make protein and produce energy also it helps in cell repair. Deficiency of that vitamins lead to anemia and folic acid deficiency in children. That vitamin is found in peas beans grains and yogurt. Furthermore the second important type of water soluble vitamin is vitamin C which is one of the safest and most effective nutrients experts say. It helps our body to heal when we get cut necessarily for growth and normal function of blood vessels. On the other hand over intake of that vitamin lead to mouth ulcer and stomach irritation. This vitamin is available in all fruits and vegetables. Nowadays people prefer to take multivitamins bill which is not harming them instead of help them to compensate vitamins that deplete in their body. By taking a multivitamin that helps fight disease and give you the vitamins that you are not getting in their food. Moreover multivitamins are useful if you are sick and stressed. Being sick or stressed the need for more vitamins to build a backup and repair the damage caused to your body. Finally vitamins are essential for life are essential in many physiological processes which allow our body to function properly. The human body needs vitamins to maintain healthy function. Vitamins A B D and C are four examples of the vitamins we all need and they can be found in many common foods in our daily diet in form of fat or water soluble vitamins.
