Everybody knows working is necessary. Some people working full time some people working part time some of them work volunteer jobs. We spend most of our time at work first we need to find a job that's makes us happy. We put too much time and efforts while we are working. We need to learn to use the time effectively and we need to know where and when to stop. Working too much can result in for people to lose people around and to lose people health. While we are working we have to spend certain time at work. Some people don't have time to finish their jobs at work. They bring it to their home and they want to finish their job at home. You shouldn't do that you need to remember you have other things to do. Or according to their job they might need to join meetings conferences etc. They need to spend their time after the work for these activities. You need to know life is not just worked we have other things to do. You can put all your efforts into your job you can be a successful person but don't forget there are other things affect your success. Not just focus on one thing you need to learn how to handle everything. Something maybe more important for you want to spend more time something maybe less but you still need to put sometime other things too. For example Britney Spears marriage she spent most of her time working and party. She didn't spend her time with her husband. They broke up and after she was depressed. That affected her career too. She said We should spend more time each other and we should listen each other more often rather then work. As what she said you need to spend your time for other things too you might lose your career or you can lose your success. If people spend too much time at work first people lose their friends and after their wife's and relatives. And then people start to lose their success they might thing they are alone in their life they might depressed. There is another issue working too much can cause a health problem. If people spend too much time at work they might want to spend rest of their time with their friends or families. But people should remember that our body needs exercise to stay healthy. If people want to be mentally and physically healthy they should save some time for their exercises. If people don't save enough time for their exercises they might feel all the time tired they might start posture problems we can give a lot of examples it depends what kind of job they are doing. But constantly doing the same thing causes a physical problems. I have a friend who works at the Mellon bank. She said My back is killing me I am sitting all day long in my chair that hurts my back. I might find a different job. We can give a lot of examples working long hours can cause big healthy problems. To avoid those problems is easy save time for exercises. Who wants to be a successful should listen my advice. Don't spend all your time at work people might lose something valuable for them. They might not get a chance to fix their problem after their mistake. Some might fixable some might not.
