Muidh Alheshibri Have we ever imagined how the first generation in our families lived without any resource of energy There are many things has been changed over all the last century. Energy is one of those aspects which people can't quit. It is considered as the blood for humans. The most common types of energy are oil solar power and nuclear energy. It is not secret how to produce energy from oil. Oil is the most common type of energy that humans use during their life. It is obvious that most transportation are adapted to use oil. There is no doubt how oil is very important natural resource. However the process of offshore drilling used to extract oil has many negative side effects. It pollutes the surrounding water and the air. In addition humans and creatures has been affected badly because the way of extracting the oil. Some of marina animals died and many diseases spread because of that. The sun is very powerful resource. It is considered as a rich resource which can produce ultimate energy. Actually it is safe compare with the other resources. On the average sunny day the sun shines approximately 1000 watts of energy enough to power all of our electricity needs excess. Scientists consider solar power a renewable resource because it is continuously supplied to us by the sun. However it is so expensive to produce solar power. What is the nuclear energy The most common answer you will find when you ask this question is there is dangerous associate with the nuclear energy. However there are some advantages of nuclear energy. First it stays for a million years. That means it is not going to run out. Second the cost of producing nuclear energy is less than the other resources. In contrast the most common reason that people do not like to use nuclear energy is its danger especially when governments want to waste it. It surly destroys the earth. What happened in Japan lately is a great example of the dangerous of the nuclear power. In conclusion energy is so essential for humans to live reasonable life. Oil solar power and nuclear energy are the most common types of energy that humans used in the current time. People should not use the type of energy which harms our life or environment even though its imortance.
