Friends No one can live without friends whom are the sweetness of life. Some friends are considered to be more than brothers to us. Most people have different kinds of friends. It'd hard to organize friends to more than one group especially if we have many. Most people organize friends based on the closeness of their relationship with them. The most important category or the first one is close friends. They are the people whom we trust the most. We feel secure around them and the most important thing that we share our secrets with them. They always advice us and we always find them around when needed. They are called our best friends and we can't live without their touch in our lives. I have many friends but the ones I count on the most are few. I have maximum three best friends who really are there for me in all conditions. The second most important category or the second group is acquaintances. They are people whom we know and share activities with. They are usually the ones we hang out with and call every now and then to check on them. They are our fun friends but not the ones that we count on in critical moments. Acquaintances are the biggest group because they are easy to make. I have many acquaintances that I visit every now and then to have fun with or even to talk and chat. Even sometimes when I want to eat out I just call them and we hang out. The least most important category or the third group is mates. Mates are people whom we work or study with. We don't usually know them at first but with time we know something's and some details about them. We often know their names and small other details like age or interests. We usually hang out with them in school time or work time. They don't really exist in our outside world. Many mates I know or as they called classmates whom I spend many hours a day just talking about whatever pops into my head. Many of them may not share the same interest but we still talk so we don't feel bored. Friends are people whom we share so many feelings with. They know a lot about us and we do too. It's a unique relationship that based on love and trust. Humans can't make their day without their friends or friend being on their sides. It's great to just have them in our lives.
