Class writing 5 Name ANON_NAME_0 Date 10 30 2011 Two Cities in the United Stated the differences and similarities between Philadelphia and Pittsburgh Both Philadelphia and Pittsburgh are very important cities of Pennsylvania where is located in the northwest America. Due to the proximity between the two cities they have many similarities such as climate and sports cultures. Philadelphia and Pittsburgh both have long histories however they are totally different. In addition they also differ to each other in geographical area and population. According to the Wikipedia in Philadelphia summers are hot and muggy fall and spring are generally mild and winters are cold. Similar to Philadelphia Pittsburgh features four distinct seasons. Summers are hot and humid while winters are cold. Spring and autumn are mild. Both of the two cities are snowy in winter and October being the driest month by average daily precipitation. Another similarity is that both of the two cities are dedicated to sports. Pittsburgh which has all of the major professional sports teams football hockey and baseball share the same team colors is named the Best Sports City in the United States in 2009. Also Philadelphia has diverse sports and it is one of 12 U. S. Cities to have all four major sports football hockey baseball and basketball. In spite of these similarities these two cities have several apparent differences. One obvious difference is the history. Philadelphia and Pittsburgh have totally different histories. Philadelphia was home to the lenpe Indians before Europeans arrived. In 17th century Dutch initially founded the first settlements. Following Dutch Swedish and Finnish settlers continued to have their own religion and court and enjoy substantial autonomy under the Dutch. In 1664 the English conquered this area. Till 1682 when the area was included in William Penn's charter for Pennsylvania the situation changed dramatically. Penn had experienced religious persecution and wanted his colony to be a place where anyone could worship freely. This tolerance led to healthier relationships with the local Native tribes and fostered Philadelphia's rapid growth into America's most important city. After that Benjamin Franklin a leading citizen during 1750s helped improve city services and founded new ones including the American Colonies' first hospitals. Philadelphia served as the temporary capital of the United States 1790 1800 while the Federal City was under construction in the District of Columbia. Philadelphia also was the first major industrial city of the United States. Compare to Philadelphia the first settler of Pittsburgh was French explorer trader which was followed by Dutch in the early 16th century. Later than 1717 European traders established posts and settlements in the area. Following the American Revolution the village of Pittsburgh continued to grow. One of its earliest industries was building boats for settlers to enter the Ohio Country. In 1785 Pittsburgh became a possession of the state of Pennsylvania. By 1797 glass began to be manufactured in the city as the population grew to around 1400. By 1815 Pittsburgh was producing significant quantities of iron brass tin and glass products. The American Civil War boosted the city's economy with increased production of iron and armaments. By 1911 Pittsburgh was the nation's eighth largest city producing between a third and a half of nation's steel. During World War 2 Pittsburgh produced 95 million tons of steel. Differ to steel city Pittsburgh Philadelphia is a much more important city of policy. Other areas of difference between Philadelphia and Pittsburgh are the geographical area and population. Philadelphia has a total area of 142. 6 Square of which 135. 1 Square miles is land and 7. 6 Square miles is water. Whereas Pittsburgh has a total area of 58. 3 Square of which 55. 6 Square is land and 2. 8 Square is water. The total area of Pittsburgh is almost the one third of Philadelphia. About demographics there were 1 526 thousand people residing in the city of Philadelphia and the population of Pittsburgh is 305 thousand. Philadelphia is a much bigger city than Pittsburgh. Philadelphia and Pittsburgh alike yet different. Although the two cities are in the same state Pennsylvania and dedicated to sports they differ in many areas such as history geographical area and population. It is very interesting to travel in these two cities. 698 Work Cited Philadelphia Wikipedia the free Encyclopedia 12nd Nov. 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_Pittsburgh Wikipedia the free Encyclopedia 12nd Nov. 2011 ANON URLPAGE
