Categorize food according to its nutritional benefits How to achieve a fabulous shape and a healthy body through daily diet Some people think it is impossible but a group of people achieve their goal by adjusting diet habit. If you are familiar with the nutrition of different foods you will also acquire an amazing shape. There are three factors are necessary for your body such as protein vitamins and carbohydrate. The first category of nutrition is protein. For instance if you want to achieve a strong or plump shape you should choose some foods that contain a lot of protein. Protein products can be divided into three groups. The first group is meat that has the highest protein among others for example beef lamb pork and chicken etc. These kind of food are suitable the people who are weak or need to gain weight in a short time. Otherwise if we intake too much of meat it will be bad to our health. The second group is milk that is good for our bone because milk products contain a lot of calcium. The last group is egg that is good for young people. In the contrast the old people should eat fewer eggs that young people because eggs contain a lot of cholesterol that is not good for cardiovascular system. The second category is vitamins. Vitamin C and E are the secret for women to maintain a beautiful and a perfect shape. Most fruits have a lot of Vitamin C such as lemon orange etc. Vitamin C can improve our immunity to fight common illnesses. The vegetables have enough Vitamin E that is good for our skin and also can makes us maintain youth. Therefore a lot of movie stars who can live on with fruits and vegetables. The Last category is carbohydrate. There are two main groups of carbohydrate that is bean and grain products. As the nutritionist said the carbohydrate products are very good for people who have heart disease because dietary fiber can clean their blood vessel. On the other hand it also can help people lose weight but still in a healthy condition. To some extent the carbohydrate food can substitute meat because they have a plenty of vegetable protein which is the best choice for the vegetarian. In summary all the foods have their own nutritive value. If you can efficiently balance protein vitamins and carbohydrate in your daily diet you will have a perfect shape and a healthy body. Otherwise it may harmful your health if you excessive eat or drink.
