Online learning vs traditional classroom learning With development of science and technology more and more people are relying on the Internet for many activities even for education. In 2009 Philip R. Regier the dean of Arizona State University's Online and Extended Campus program said that we were at a turning point in online education and there were 5 000 students in its continuing education programs both through in person classes and online. It implied online learning has been emerging a trend for some people to get their education. Nonetheless online learning and traditional classroom learning have similarities and differences in terms of course work. In general classroom learning is still a traditional way which is for most of students to present in classrooms. Students not only enhance their education but also they are trained with the skills of communication and interaction in classroom. For instance in classes sometimes lecturers need to put students into a group so that students can cooperate with each other in a specific discussion to figure out the solutions. In contrast students who are taught online can't discuss a issue with classmates face to face. As a result it lacks interaction so that may not enhance their skills of communication in online learning classroom. In the traditional ways studying in school has extra benefits. Students are allowed to use the public facilities such as the libraries computer labs and gyms. Online learning can't always provide these helpful tools. In addition it is a different way to gain knowledge. Students can participate in online learning at home and do not need to pay for transportation as long as they have a reliable and high speed Internet. Online learning also directly relates to their tuition. Obviously tuition of online learning definitely costs less than the expense of traditional classroom learning. Although there are many different aspects between online learning and traditional classes learning they still have some similarities in the education. Teaching subjects are similar. Online learning offers the same subjects as traditional classesroom learning and students can determine to select the courses that they are interested in. According to the survey of in 2009 73 percent of respondents agreed or strongly agreed that individual courses taken online are equally credible to traditional classes learning. Consequently both of online learning and traditional classroom learning have similar acceptance. In addition online learning and traditional classroom learning have equal chances for all of the students to participate in. For an example students who participate in classroom actively are able to ask questions to their instructors and get their questions answered directly. However for those students who are shy to question in classes for fear of feeling stupid in front of classmates can get it solved via e mails through online . In sum both online learning and traditional classes learning have their own advantages and disadvantages. Students could select both of them to complete their studies if the courses that they need to take are offered online. That would be even more flexible. Works cited Study Finds That Online Education Beats the Classroom. The New York Times. Web. 30 Oct. 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_Online Degrees Gaining in Acceptance Among Employers But Concerns Remain. ANON URLSITE. Web. 30 Oct. 2011 ANON URLPAGE
