I had a great conversation with an American native speaker about on of the American Subcultures. I learned about hippies who they were and what their cause was. We started with their cause. It was about peace and love for everyone. We then discussed how it all started. In the late 60s there was a war between America and Vietnam many young people were against the war. They marched in Washington. Then we discussed their life style their behaviors clothes food and needs. Their life style was very peaceful. They got together in groups to celebrate in particular ways for example the biggest hippie union was in 1969. That day was called the Woodstock festival and it continued for 3 days since it was in summer the hippies called it the summer of love. That festival was lead by a rock artist named jimi Hendrix. He used to wake up everyone in the morning with his guitar by playing some smooth solo Since then his name been related to the hippies . However in the 60s talking about sex and love was prohibited in public the hippies were against that because they wanted the freedom of love sex and drugs. They succeeded in changing a lot of minds. That is how love and sex became a subject of every day talk also the music they used as the main part to deliver their message is called Rock and Roll. Hippies liked to stick together in groups and they used the woods as home and the earth as a source for food. They would grow their own food and stay away from the city life. After that we moved on to how they look. Hippies liked to have long hair and wear colorful clothes which they called psychedelic. They draw it they debited in bucket of different color and that is the Tie Dye also the baggy jeans was the usually style. However I saw a movie about the hippies that movie name is the Doors this movie shows a lot about the hippies life style. In my opinion that wasn't about peace and love it was about sex and drugs. And have the right to do whatever whenever you wanted. That makes the life just for pleasure. No reality and no responsibility. Life is bigger than that life is shard the peace feeling and love everybody its not matter who you are than how you treat the people those surround you. In different words it's not about nationality it's about personality.
