Topic Online Learning Nowadays is a modern technology generation. Learning is not restricted to time and space. Full of modern devices around our lives such as PC laptop PDA Ipad Iphone and Ipod which are available us to learn online with internet. As a result I believe that online learning is an efficient and useful way for our future learning which is better than traditional education. First of all online learning saves students time and money. To illustrate this point students can use online devises to get knowledge and information easily by their personal mobile devices to learn it everywhere and every moment during this generation. Moreover they can save their time from transportation or commute to use extra time to arrange other meaningful activities taking part time job joining a sport club participating in a research project or devoting their time to being volunteers for instance. Besides online courses are usually cheaper than traditional education. Therefore students have vast flexible time and extra money to full fill their lives experiences. In addition to online learning reduce students stress dramatically. For this reason many students were proved that they usually afraid to ask question in class directly which would block their school learning. To some extent it is true to say that it is convenient to ask question online by typing and easily avoid the pressure from asking question in the class directly. Next let us consider that if students take online learning they don't have to worry about the other students' inappropriate behaviors would affect their learning in class. Due to above were mentioned they can focus on their class significantly and figured out their answer immediately. Some people say that students will lose face to face interaction and team work experiences with their classmate if only by taking online learning. To a certain extent they are right however a fundamental objection to this argument is that recently studies were proved students could absorbed 80 knowledge from online learning because it including massive features which usually mixed with music and images that could strongly stimulate to students brain and reinforce students' memorize. Furthermore progressing in online devices rapidly many online course already could create the same learning environment as traditional education that students also can have team work experience by online learning. Hence online learning have overcome many previously problems and getting mature. To sum up online learning is a trend from this generation. This breakthrough invent make student learn knowledge without restriction assist them obtain more flexible time to full fill their lives help them saving extra expense and support them reducing learning stress. We could image that our future lives might be modern than now and online learning overcome the whole learning restrictions which are related to time distance and space. I believe that these changing must be shorter the distance between human and human than nowadays.
