Outside reading summary 1. Title Most White People Think Blacks Are Intellectually Inferior 2. Date 2007 3. Author Luke Visconti 4. Source Diversity Inc 5 words from the article. Blanket adj. Applying to or covering all conditions or instances A blanket wage increasing will be effective in next year. Perpetuate verb. To prolong the existence of Perpetuating the unfair situation will not benefit the just society. Rectify verb to correct by removing errors Disparity noun markedly distinction in quality or character . Summary The author supported the idea that Most White People Think Blacks Are Intellectually Inferior with several aspects the facts and circumstance history and current status. The author took several examples to illustrate the idea. The author admits that it is a very offensive idea. You may think otherwise but it is the fact that you can not change. The author took the number of senators 0. 26 Percent to show the impropriate situation to support his idea. The author also pointed out that we should not waste talent for the economic compelling issue. Most White People Think Blacks Are Intellectually Inferior By Luke Visconti have a distorted view of Americans when you make such blanket statements like the one you made in your reply to the question of Why doesn't the NBA look like America You stated . . . Because it's still not acceptable in our society to think of black people as being intellectually equal. See also Why Are Sports Dominated by Blacks and Why Are Sports Dominated by Blacks What Our Readers Said I find that very offensive. I know I don't think like that nor do most whites I know. I do know a number of African Americans who think whites think that way and your statement just reinforces their thinking. Perpetuating that kind of thinking only aids in supporting the separatist attitude that too many African Americans hold and it certainly won't help it to go away. Answer You may not think like that over the treatment of peaceful civil rights marchers to get the Civil Rights and Voting Rights Bills passed just 42 years ago. Until that time most African Americans could not legally vote and access to mainstream higher education was almost zero. Sen. Obama is the third black senator since reconstruction which ended in approximately 1877 . There have been 1 148 senators sworn in since 1877. African Americans have been fairly consistent at 13 percent of our population. If whites felt that blacks were intellectually equal they certainly wouldn't have enslaved African Americans and the Senate would have been far more than 0. 26 Percent black. It's a sad state of affairs but there's no way our country would sit still for a second and accept Gary Ind. Or Camden N. J. Looking as it does if the inhabitants were not almost 100 percent black. You and I may accept blacks as intellectually equal any waste of talent is a loss in productivity innovation and wealth that we cannot afford.
