The Cons Of Homeschooled Children There is an increasing number of homeschooled children around our lives and it becomes a debate topic in the society. Some parents toward to teach children at home in sharp contrast some parents are willing to send children to school. In my opinion I firmly believe that children studying at home is not a good choice. First and foremost homeschooled children can play with parents communicate with parents and study with parents. However duing to staying at home for the most time homeschooled children lack social skills. On the one hand children's hobbies are different from parents. If children always communicate with parents parents will influence children. For example if parents like talking about political problems children may like political things. When the homeschooled children play with other children they do not have common topic to talk. On the other hand homeschooled children have little chance to get along with others they are afraid of staying with new people. In this way they can not make friends with the same age people. Secondly it is claimed that homeschooled children have more time to do things that they like. A fundamental objection to do this argument is that they have little or even no chance to enjoy school's activities. Homeschooled children have enough time to concentrate on hobbies but they lose opportunities to experience school life such as doing team work in class playing outside sports with classmates and participating school's organized activities. Children will get friendship happiness from these activities it is pity for homeschooled children who lose these chances. Furthermore some people say homeschooled children can avoid peer pressure. This point has some merit on the surface however when the homeschooled children grow up they still will face peer pressure on their own lives. Parents are worry about their kids will be influenced by bad children who smoke or drink alcohol they ignore to teach children to distinguish what things should be done. It is worst that homeschooled children are not able to avoid peer pressure. Since they do not have experiences to know how to avoid peer pressure. As you see studying at home is not good for children. Children not only lose chance to make friends but also have little chance to enjoy outside activities. For us we can not stay with parents for an whole life therefore experiencing new world without parents is a challenge for our development.
