Title Normal school is better than Home school From my perspective children should choose normal school rather than home school because they will get more benefits on their study and their lives in normal school. So I want to give you the following reasons to illustrate my opinion. Firstly I think that normal school students will have more time to play and work together than studying in the home school. For example home school students have the different classes from normal school students so they won't use the same method to solve the one problem. The teachers for home school are children's parents and the normal school hires an amount of knowledgeable teachers. Because of the distinctive styles of class students like to talk about their academic problem in the group that they have the same professor after class or in the class. On the other hand home school students always talk with their parents and they will lack the communication with other students. Although they can play together it is always difficult for home school students to chat with the same topic with others in normal school. The second point I want to say is about the hardware in school for students. Due to the good and the complete facilities in normal school I think that the home school cannot supply more and better facilities than the normal school has. To illustrate this in some chemistry and biology lab you can use the test tubes or the microscopes conveniently in normal school's big lab but it is very dangerous to do the experiments with fewer tools in your home without safe atmosphere. Also students can use library resources and faculty resources so that you have many chances to ask the famous and the knowledgeable professors questions and go to the library to finish your homework. That will promote children's enthusiasm to study after class. Finally a fundamental objection to this argument is that the home school will avoid peer pressure. The home school students don't worry about the jealous stuff among students and the troubles between them and their teachers because parents will help their children to solve these kinds of problems or they don't have these kinds of problems. However normal students should solve their problems by themselves and balance the relationship between their friends and their teachers. They will have more experiment than home school students have on dealing with the social problems. In conclusion although few people still let their children to the home school more people prefer the normal school to train the composite abilities and they can face the any problems for their future. Children will live by themselves in the future so normal school can help them to adapt the world earlier.
