Home Schooling children Getting a better education is the most principle aspects that should every family concern about it. It is essential that the child should be given a better education in a good school. However others preferred to teach their children at home. I believe that the children can acquire knowledge and skills from traditional school than home schooling. In my opinion the children should attend the school to enhance their independence. For example they can have more experience to deal with problems and complex issues. Also they can be productive and able to depend on themselves rather than their families. Moreover they can schedule their priority for doing homework and tasks for school. They will be good at social work and participate outside activities. In traditional school the children can find a set of teachers and professionals who are expert in some subject. For example Mathematics needs a person who has the ability to solve complex issues and find a suitable way to answer the questions for students. Furthermore the children can use modern facilities than home such as computer lap library and chemistry lap for doing experiments. Parents choose home school to ensure their children and protect them from a rude behavior that might be faced at school. Also they will avoid a peer pressure and it could make them more productive and motivated. Additionally home schooling brings children closer to their parents whereas Traditional schools just aren't as safe as they were some 25 30 years ago. They have become danger area and crime places where drugs are sold. There is some truth in this however traditional school is the best place to teach children the perfect skills under a set of a professional teacher. In conclusion children should be taken their education at school than home. As a result the children were being able to recognize and learn more information to get better chance to improve their skills. Otherwise they will confront and face a lot of problem that make them ambiguous in their life.
