Playing Computer Online Games Playing computer online games is a trend that is becoming more and more popular through the world. Playing computer online games is interesting. It seems like a real world there are many people users vehicles money and occupations. Some people enjoy a computer online game and they may feel excited because it's like a real world. Also they can experience another life in a computer online game. They can have a different job and experience something that they can't do in their real life. For instance flying the sky killing somebody and being a thief are something they can't usually do in their real life. That's why many people are enthusiastic about playing computer online games. However as much as playing computer online games are popular there are some side effects in the online games' world like game addiction merchandising cyber money. One side effect of playing computer online games is addiction of playing them. Some people play online games too much. They don't even do what they have to do like working and studying. We can hear some news about addiction of playing computer online games. Playing computer online games too much sometimes causes chronic fatigue and affects users' life badly because some online game users never stop playing them. For example according to an article a student who was an addict on playing the World of Warcraft which is one of the most popular online games said I would go on at 5 p. M. Sign off at 5 a. M. Sleep for a couple of hours go to class then play again. Also My GPA dropped to a 2. 9 The student said Getting lost in a 'World of Warcraft' 2007 . In addition a Chinese died while he was playing computer online game in China. As I mentioned playing computer online games too much may affect users' life. Another side effect is merchandising cyber money. Cyber money is money that online game users can use on the online games. It's not real money. Online game users can buy some items they need or want by using cyber money. While users play an online game they can make some cyber money by selling some items that they got during the game. There are some rare items in an online game and the rare items are really expensive in the cyber money so some users want to get the rare items by paying real money. Thus some users who sell rare items can make real money. It lets users spend more time on playing online games because they may make real money. Then spending more time on playing online games cause addicts. Therefore merchandising cyber money can cause addiction of playing online games. In sum playing computer online games is an interesting hobby if people enjoy it properly. It helps people experience a different life in cyber world from real life. However as much as playing computer online games becomes popular some side effects appear like addiction of playing it and merchandising cyber money. Therefore people who are interested in playing computer online game should recognize these side effects and be prepared about them. Reference ANON_NAME_0 Daniel. Getting lost in a 'World of Warcraft. ' Washington Square News. 27 Feb 2007. 28 Feb 2007. ANON URLSITE
