Online and Traditional Classroom Education Studying might be considered an easy decision to make however many options of education systems will make you reconsider your choice. Education has become a goal for many people around the world. The huge number of interested people in studying generates many other methods of learning to be created. Recently online and traditional classes became the most common methods for education system. Students can get a degree either by attending classes or logging online for lectures. Online and traditional classroom learning are two different ways still these two education systems have several similarities. The first difference between online and traditional education is the communication between teachers and students. In online classes student can listen to the lecture by accessing the Internet. The lecture can be live or recorded and student can hear or watch whenever he she logs in and as many time as he she wants. In contrast the classroom education requires the student to participate on time otherwise the student might miss classes and his her grades might be affected. Moreover the interaction concept in online and classroom is very different. Online students can only virtually interact with lecturers and professors while classroom students can have opportunity for face to face interaction that increases the respectable relationships with their professors in addition students can easily get a direct answer for their questions. Also body language place an important role for better understand. Furthermore the classmates are not the same in both these systems of education. An article of Online vs. Classroom Education states Having numerous students learning in the same classroom has the added benefit of allowing students to exchange ideas and questions with one another providing another valuable learning medium that online environments cannot replicate. First hand interaction with the educating professor also allows for ideas to be exchanged freely and without any communication barriers Online . In other word online classes students will have verities of classmates who are live in other countries as a result students who learn online have shortage relationships with other classmates. On the other hand students in the classroom learning will have many classmates that can share their learning experiences. Additionally the deadline for both online and classroom education is dissimilar. Online assignments are very strict on the contrary classroom assignments are more flexible and students can have the chance to make up for their missing homework and tests. Moreover the chance of interruption increases in online classes than classroom. Online education systems rely on Internet which is highly susceptible to low speeds or disconnection and takes time to reconnect to the service. That interruption enables student to be focused on content of lecture. Dissimilar to online it is easier for classroom students to follow the lecture and understand the content because of the few chances of interruption. Fifth point that differs online from classroom education is the cost of tuition. Unlike online classes traditional education tuition costs are more expensive. Another point that differs between these two education systems is the subject availability. Most subjects are available for students on campus however some subjects are incapable to be offered in online education. Such as physiotherapy medicine and dental medicine. Also the validity of degree is extremely different between online and traditional education. Most employers accept the certificates of traditional classroom education whereas they are reluctant to hire a person who has a certificate from online education. Finally the facilities are tangible difference that online and classroom students feel. According to an article of Disadvantages of Online Learning classroom students have accessibility to many utilities in campus that online students don't have such as libraries gyms student stores and computer labs. 5 Disadvantages Despite these differences between online and traditional classroom learning these two educational systems share some similarities. The first similarity of online and traditional classroom learning is that both of them have the same goals of education. Furthermore aspect of similarity is the qualification requirements. Like online traditional classroom learning requires a lecturer that has high teaching skills to transfer the information to the students. Finally online and classroom learning share same teaching techniques. Online classes use ways to teach students such as exercises homework researches and quizzes just as traditional classroom education does. To sum up education has more than one way to pursue. Online and traditional classroom educations have totally different properties on the other hand these two educational systems share some similarities. Work Citation Online vs. Classroom Education. Technical Vocational Schools Guide 2009. Education and career articles 1 Nov 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_5 Disadvantages of Online Learning. Online Learning Marketplace. 2007. Online learning center 1 Nov 2011 ANON URLPAGE
