Online Learning vs. Traditional Classroom Learning When considering people's of views about learning method there is a variety of points of view to be analyzed. Some people may think learning in a traditional classroom is better for students while other people think online learning is a better alternative. The online learning method establishes to help people to increase their knowledge in flexible time and cheaper tuition. Also online learning helps many people who live in the middle of no one to get a degree or professional certificate. Upon starting there is a big argument until today is it qualified education or not No one could answer this question because of that we have to find the answer about which are the best for students and if there is any weakness in any type. First of all some student assessed in their work unfairly because other students act badly in the class or they have slow absorption than others. In traditional classroom learning some students act badly in class to waste class time for many reasons which I'm not going to discuss here the other students get angry from at actions and they can't do anything to stay away from those students. So online learning helps students to get more privacy and help students who have slow absorption faster than others. Indeed many people find that online learning methods effect more than traditional classroom learning. So some universities offer a combination of online and classroom style teaching for the same course. This allows for the benefits of both types of learning to be realized Online vs. Classroom Learning Pros and Cons . Some people say students using the online learning method save more time and have flexible time to study. These days there are some people who want to study some courses in their field while they are working and this the biggest challenge for most of the full time employee. They have to choose between work or study they can't combines between employment and learning. So the best alternative is to find online learning classes with flexible time. Also you could repeat taking the class if you don't understand it in the first time while in the traditional classroom you can't take the class again. Furthermore online learning class there are variety of materials usually the institute or university offer to online students such as online books and videos compared with the traditional classroom which they don't offer to you any material. Some scientists say the interaction in online learning is weak unlike traditional classroom learning. In traditional classroom if the student has any questions he or she could ask the teacher in class unlike online learning which they have to send an email to his or her teacher and he or she have to wait 24 hours until they answer their questions. This problem will reflect in student's grade on the contrary the traditional classroom students don't face this problem because they could ask their teacher in class or visit him or her in office hours. Based on the results of this survey however the traditional classroom setting continues to add value in terms on instruction clarity. Students and instructors alike may simply be more comfortable with the classroom environment because it has always existed. This environment allows the instructor to explain more informally how to work accounting problems and s he is not encumbered by the need to explain material using a computer keyboard. The instructor can perhaps more easily circle numbers or point to items of emphasis while using a traditional board at the front of a classroom ANON_NAME_0 and Jones 2007 . This is which make students who learn in traditional classroom more reliable and have a good relationship with their teachers. To sum up both online learning and traditional classroom learning have benefits and cons. And the student has the right to pick which is good for him or her depends on their time money and location. All these things come to the student mind before he or she goes further to decide which one is applicable for him or her. Also both of these have advantage and disadvantage for example the online learning is cheaper and save time differ than traditional classroom learning which you have a good interaction with your teachers and a reliable degree. So both of them are good you have to decide which one is good and applicable to you. Citation 1. Online vs. Classroom Learning Pros and Cons. Technical Vocational School Guide. 30 Oct. 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_. 2. ANON_NAME_0 Clement C. And Keith T. Jones. Blended Learning vs. Traditional Classroom Settings Assessing Effectiveness and Student Perceptions in an MBA Accounting Course. The Journal of Educators Online Number 1 Volume 4 2007 . Blended Learning vs. Traditional Classroom. 30 Oct. 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_.
