Home Schooled Children Have you thought one time about the difference between home schooled and normal schooled children We all know normal schooling and their advantages but also there are some people who teach their children in home for some opinions that they think. In my opinion children should be taught in normal schools for many advantages and causes that I will provide. In normal schools children can find professional teachers who are specialized in their field. Some subjects such as physics need someone who has the abilities that enable him to teach the children and to answer their questions that sometimes they may be complex. Also people who teach need more skills additionally to teach. For example skills in psychology field are essential because you will confront many problems that are related to that so you should have the abilities to solve them. Furthermore children need an educational environment that is prepared and ready to fulfill their ambitions. In normal schools children can use variety of facilities such as computer laps and library as a helping tool for learning. Moreover these facilities incorporate many goals that may be educational or recreational that will help the teacher to achieve the goals of education. So students will be able to get what they should get of education without any ambiguity or boring because of the different varieties methods of teaching used in the school. Parents are protective of their children to be around them to avoid some bad things for instance peer pressure. There is some truth in this however people must consider teaching their children in normal schools because home schools are not able to teach and develop skills as much as normal schools. In conclusion children can learn and earn more and more in normal schools than in home schools. As a result children must be given the complete learning chance in normal schools to get what they need. Otherwise they will face more difficulties whether in the school or the life.
