Topic Online Learning Nowadays is a modern technology generation. Learning is not restricted to time and space. Full of modern devices around our lives such as PC laptop PDA Ipad Iphone and Ipod which are available us to learn online with internet. As a result I believe that online learning is an efficient and useful way for our future learning which is better than traditional education. First of all online learning saves students time and money. To illustrate this point students can use online devises to acquire knowledge and information easily by their personal mobile devices and learning it everywhere and every moment during this generation. Moreover they can save their time from transportation or commute to use these extra time to arrange other meaningful activities taking part time job joining a sport club participating in a research project or devoting their time to being volunteers for instance. Besides online courses are usually cheaper than traditional education. Therefore students have vast flexible time and extra money to full fill their lives experiences. In addition to online learning reduces students stress dramatically. For this reason some students were proved that they usually afraid to ask question in class directly which would block their school learning. To some extent it is true to say that typing is more convenient to ask question online and easily avoiding the pressure from asking question in the class directly. Next let us consider that if students take online learning they don't have to worry about the other students' inappropriate behaviors would affect their learning. Due to above were mentioned they can focus on their class significantly and figured out their answer immediately. Some people say that students will lose face to face interaction and team work experiences with their classmate if only by taking online learning. To a certain extent they are right however a fundamental objection to this argument is that recently studies were proved students could absorbed 80 knowledge from online learning because online learning including massive features which usually mixed with music and images that could strongly stimulate to students' brain and reinforce students' memorize. Furthermore progressing in online devices rapidly many online courses already had created the same learning environment as traditional education emvironment which was meant that students also could have team work experiences by online learning. Hence online learning have overcome many previously problems and approaching mature now. To sum up online learning is a trend for this generation. This breakthrough invention makes students learn knowledge without restriction assists them obtain more flexible time to full fill their lives helps them saving extra expense and support them reducing learning stress. We could image that our future lives might be modern than now and online learning would be overcome the whole learning restrictions which are related to time distance and space. I believe that these changes should shorten the distance between humans than nowadays.
