Saudi Arabia before and after the discovery of oil 1938 was the turning point for Saudi Arabia from poverty to riches and from weakness to strength. At this time a big change happened. It was a crucial event that the people who lived at that period couldn't imagine. It was the discovery of oil in Saudi Arabia which socially economically and politically changed many aspects in the society while few other aspects remained the same. Socially the great majority of people in Saudi Arabia are still adhering to the costumes and traditions that they had before oil. For example the way of wear is still mostly same. Men wear Thoub and Shomag and women wear Abayah. Also people eat traditional food despite the diversity of imported food they have. Furthermore people before and after oil are very strict about religion. Moreover people in the past and present have been focusing on their families and spending more time raising children and taking care of them. On the other hand the rate of the number of children per family has increased rapidly after the discovery of oil. This rapid growth is attributed to having stable income and health care which they didn't have before. Economically the financial situation for Saudi people improved dramatically after the discovery of oil. When we look at houses before and after oil we will found that the design and area of the houses was completely changed. Before oil the houses in Saudi Arabia were built by using mud and wood also the average of the area of houses was 50m e rkers on the contrary there are more than 5. 6 Million workers nowadays Saudi Arabia Background Note . As a result the infrastructure of the country grew rapidly such as highways airports and hospitals. Politically the clout of Saudi Arabia became more significant after the discovery of oil. Nowadays Saudi Arabia plays a major role in the Arab countries and Islamic nation. Saudi Arabia is member in The Group of Twenty G 20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors and it is a member in Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC . BBC states Saudi Arabia is one of the main players in the Arab and Muslim worlds its stature is built on its geographic size its prestige as the custodian of the birthplace of Islam and status as major oil producer Saudi Arabia country profile . In conclusion it is clear how the crucial event which was the discovery of oil impacted the country. Because of this it is hard to find any similarities before and after oil. Also nobody thought that the desert will become one of the richest lands in the world. Works Cited Saudi Arabia country profile. Saudi Arabia country profile. 26 March 2011. 30 10 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_. Saudi Arabia Background Note. Saudi Arabia Background Note. 6 May 2011. 30 10 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_.
