Using a cell phone while driving Nowadays the cell phone is very significant in our lives. But it has a lot of dangerous during driving. In addition it is one of the most factors that cause accidents. So there are a lot of governments that banned using the cell phone during driving because it was a major cause for loss the human lives and money. Although the cell phone is very important in all time it causes some problem during driving such as accidents and lack of attention. First of all using the cell phone is very serious. So I support decision that prohibits the cell phone when driving because it causes many of accidents that may occur many of deaths. For example we always read in a newspaper or hear in a radio. A person died because he used the cell phone during driving. Furthermore it became evident reason to happen the accidents. For instant when someone heard about the accident immediately he expected the cell phone was the reason to get it. Johan Bowman said about people who use cell phone while driving These people are dangerous a menace on the road and their use of a cell phone while driving should be outlawed . While the cell phone is very significant in all time it causes losing the attention during driving. For instance if we want to go to important meeting perhaps we forget it. Consequently it wastes our time. Moreover it diffuses our mind. For instance we always choose the wrong way because we are using the cell phone. Johan Bowman said a law should be passed banning the use of cell phones while driving. I cannot tell you the number of times I have encountered drivers who are distracted from driving while talking on a cell phone. I see them everywhere. They are unaware when a light has turned they dangerously waver from lane to lane they back up blindly in parking lots and they swerve to stop to avoid stopped cars. They were all preoccupied with their cell phone conversations . Some people agree to use cell phone when driving. Also they evaluate using the cell phone as excellent. Moreover they believe the cell phone is very necessary during driving. For instance when they are driving a car they need the cell phone to specify the location where they want to go. However there are many people and I disagree to use it because there are GPS devices that use to assign the location. Perhaps they who support to use the cell phone during driving they didn't lose relative or friend in accident where the cell phone was the reason. In conclusion from my perspective the cell phone must continue to ban the cell phone while driving. The governments should play an important role to ban the cell phone during driving by giving traffic violation that stop or reduce accidents and loss attention. We will notice an obvious difference before and after the decision to ban using the cell phone during driving. There are many people will support this decision because cell phone was really so bad for drivers and has a lot of negative impacts on them.
