Wajd Alahmadi Writing 5T Argumentative Essay Paper Books v. S. E. Books Tuesday November 29 Reading is an essential aspect in our lives. From the moment we start to realize that the symbols we see around us mean something we try to read them interpret them and associate a meaning with them. The ability to read gives us the power of knowledge and the sense of superiority above other species. Reading opens doors to places we never thought we may see. The well known Egyptian author' Alaqad' said I read because I have only one life and one life is not enough. Reading is the only thing that gives me more than one life it increases the depth of life 2005 . I am confident that every person's mind goes to books when the word read is mentioned. Nowadays as the technology developed new source for reading becomes popular it is electronic books or E books. Since the first revelation of those new books is made people all over the world took sides on it. I like to call them the conservative party and the open minded party. For me I believe that paper books have more positives than E books. The latter is believed to be among other things an inconvenient impersonal eye straining and unprotected source. While paper books are easy to find carry and read everywhere e books are only available for those who have an e reader device such as Kindle and Sony reader. Those devices are highly costly and generated by a certain amount of power. The price for an e reader fluctuates between 140 to 500 Cancio 2011 . The e books prices are between 0. 99C to 700 maximum. E readers also restrict the reader to be in a certain place near an outlet and in an enough light to make you see the screen without getting reflection of yourself. However paper books do not require any source of energy and can be read anywhere with light as low as a candle light and as bright as a sun light. It is also easily carried around as its size may vary from a hand size to an A4 size. Talking about the prices paper books have a very important feature that e books lack it could be lent to anyone for a long time. E books have the same feature through some applications but the time is always restricted in those lending applications unlike paper books lending. A reader holding a book in his hands feels that there is a deep relationship between him and the book. Many people stood against the e books because they do not feel that intimate while holding a device and read from it. When you hold an old book in your hands and re read it again memories from the first reading start to come back to you again. A person reading an old book for the second time lives the moment again and again as her march into the ANON_NAME_0 MacManus 2010 . Another reason makes some people biased against e books is that paper books can be personalized in any way the reader wants. Notes symbols and comments can be made by the owner's hand writing. Those notes and comments when coming back to them later makes the reader feel more comfortable and more connected to that book. Another aspect makes paper books better than e books is that e books are more harmful to the eyes than the paper ones. Staring at a screen affects our eyes greatly. The lack of blinking and the susceptibility to radiology while reading may cause an eye fatigue. This issue had been discussed several times since the first introduction of e readers. Many researchers said that the new technology in e readers is no longer harmful for the eyes while readers' experiences prove the exact opposite. In a New York Times article Dr. Travis Meredith chair of the ophthalmology department at the University of North ANON_NAME_1 said The current problem with reading on screens is that we need to adjust our bodies to our computer screens rather than the screens adjusting to us Meredith 2010 . But are people really willing to adjust themselves to a device that supposed to make their lives easier On the other hand paper books allow readers to sit in a comfortable position turning the papers and marking them. This process allows the eye to move and blink more than it does with an electronic device. Moving on to the next reason keeping books is better than keeping e books. As we all know technology moves faster every year. Twenty years ago one would not think that books can be printed on computers and provided as electronic books while twenty years from now you may no longer see a paper book except in museums and exhibits. This fast movement may make the current e books useless in future due to lack of compatibility with new applications. On the contrary paper books when stored appropriately are still useful for more than 50 years. E books' users may suffer from not only the compatibility but also the damage that may be caused from bugs and viruses. E books unlike paper books are never safe all the time. Another problem e books' users may face is the loss of their books or the notes they made if the device crashed. Paper books' readers won't be worried about such an incident since the paper book is always well preserved and the notes even if it was written by a pencil are always readable. In conclusion e books require a lot of things to be easily used such as a power producer a convenient lightening and a well protected device to show those books. In contrast paper book is more useful since it only needs a sufficient lightening and it becomes a hundred percent useable. E books face more problems than paper books it is susceptible to be damaged easily either by bugs or viruses or by system crashes. As a book worm the pleasure of having a real book in my hands and seeing my own handwriting on it cannot be defeated by any other types of books but it is a great experience to move with the crowds and try a new kind of reading. Works Cited Alaqad ANON_NAME_2 Mahmood. Me Egypt The Eqyptian Bookcase Publications 2005. Web. Nov. 27 2011. Canscio Collen. Are e readers making books obsolete . ANON URLSITE. March 17 2011. Web. Nov. 27 2011. MacManus Richard. 5 Ways That Paper Books Are Better Than eBooks . ANON URLSITE. August 11 2010. Web. Nov. 27 2011. Meredith Travis. Do E Readers Cause Eye Strain . ANON URLSITE. February 12 2010. Web. Nov. 27 2011. Word count 1012.
