Class writing level 5 Name ANON_NAME_0 Date 11 25 2011 Why We Should Encourage Investment in Solar Energy While industrialization has developed dramatically in recent 100 years people inevitably are undergoing the inherent issues that come along with the development depleting energy. Energies such as petroleum are the crucial supportive elements of modern life and many contemporary machines also rely on them. However most of these resources are non renewable which means once they depleted cannot be produced grown and generated. Human being had already experienced economic crisis caused by oil shock. If people are reluctant to face the reality without seeking alternative resources it is easy to anticipate that decreasing energy resources will be unable to sustain the gradually increasing consumption of modern life. To get rid of this dilemma rationally investing in emerging resources such as solar energy would be a good solution. Due to solar energy is clean renewable and unprecedentedly abundant we should therefore encourage investment in solar powered industries. Some people feel that solar powered industries require high technologic skills which people cannot overcome immediately. Indeed inventing new technologies is much more difficult than retaining conventional knowledge. However those people omit an acknowledged natural rule that emerging technologies have to be through a long process to generate develop and mature. Ignoring the process and solely focusing on the outcome violates the essential rule thereby losing many opportunities leading successes. For instance the invention of incandescent light bulb cost almost one century to enhance the qualities. Many scientists and inventors dedicated their time and strove to create a cost effective practical long life incandescent light bulb throughout the 1800s history par 3 . Without lasting effort it is impossible to achieve incredible goals. In addition people who negate investment of solar energy have not recognized the potential value of it. Solar energy is unprecedentedly abundant renewable resource converted from the sun which is the largest permanent energy supplier of people's lives. Even though people still confront many difficult problems about converting and storing solar energy solar energy is widely used in various fields including personal electronic devices homes and factories. Solar heating system which distributes heat in diverse ways is a good example of applying solar energy. Solar heating system absorbs a plenty of heat from sun during the day time and transmits the heat to the internal heating space. Then this heat is further distributed to the entire living space. Solar heating systems are much cheaper than the electric oil and propane heating systems they are considered cost effective worldwide for their well organized working and quick results active solar heating system par3 par4 . Opponents may also claim that the capital cost of investing in solar powered industries is too expensive to affordable. However solar energy is a long term investment which not only is good for current society but also benefits next generations. Furthermore solar energy is a clean resource. Pollution is a serious issue affecting the only planet in where we are living. Neither coal power plants nor oil energy causes air pollution which makes our planet gradually warmer and warmer. Governments spend billions of money to recover this situation and implement bunch of laws to reinforce environmental regulation. At the first glance investing solar energy seems waste a lot of money. If considering the cost compensated for the pollution solar energy would be cheaper than many other polluting resources. Also increasing solar energy technology has reduced the cost of practical application of solar resource. Thirdly unlike obsolete energy investing solar energy stimulate economic development. Solar energy is a wide and new field which generates many new careers rendering employment opportunities. Many nations such as the United States regard developing new resource solar energy as a new way to bail out from the economic depression. The final argument advanced by opponents of solar energy is that the weather can affect the efficiency of solar products therefore unstable. This argument is unconvincing because it suffers from two crucial flaws. First of all the process of converting solar energy to heat or electrical energy composes several steps absorbing the sun light and storing the sun energy. Even though snow or cloud weather would affect conversional mechanism prepared conservation in sunny days will able to compensate for the deficiency. Additionally the companies providing solar service fully consider about these problem. For example PV photovotaics a method for generating electric power by using solar cells to convert energy from the sun into electricity. The photovoltaic effect refers to photons of light knocking electrons into a higher state of energy to create electricity. What does PV or Photovoltaic mean par 1 is affected by weather specifically clouds. But the impact is managed in estimates. Regulating the volts and amperage of solar panels on different weather also can help maximize the proportion of conservation. Secondly even though weather still effect some steps of converting sun light to other energies technology of utilizing solar energy is dramatically making progress. Many nations have implemented new tax policies to attract companies invent new technologies. The circumstance maximizes the possibilities of developing solar energy. Under this excellent condition many technic problems would be solved as soon as possible. Failure to notice that the technology is changeable will lead a wrong conclusion. It should be evident that the arguments against investing solar energy are not valid. On the contrast the nations have invested in solar energy already got benefits from it. Solar energy is a clean resource undermining the pollution and in keep with the high technologic direction. In addition solar energy generates new career stimulate economic development. Advanced technology have reduced the cost of producing solar products and given rise to practical applications in our modern life from powering personal electronic devices to big appliances. Furthermore solar energy absorbs sun light which is abundance. Investing solar energy and developing relevant high technology are able to solve energy crisis and settle the conflicts between nations caused by short of resource. Solar energy is a long term investment which strongly influent future generations. Solar energy should be a primary investment. 1004 Work Cited History the story In vess 27th Nov. 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_Solar heating system Solarpowernotes 27th Nov. 2011 ANON_URLSPAGE_What does PV or Photovoltaic mean Solar Oregon 27th Nov. 2011 ANON URLPAGE
