Environmental pollution There is something in our life will make it in dangers if we don't be careful when we use it. These thing will affect in our environment in general in the air water and soil. Some people say it's not effect but the fact that these thing will affect in the environment by the years. First of all I will talk about the cause of air pollution the cause of air pollution are a lot one of them is car exhaust. That's happen from the burning of benzene if we want to face this problem and find a solution we should find another source. Another thing do the same effect in the environment also effect in the body it's smoking . If we want to talk about the smoking as an effect in the environment we could say that's right because the cigarette contain over 4000 chemical and all that spread in the air. The second thing I'd like to talk about water pollution in general I think the main pollution is factories because factories usually throw their trash in the sea. And the solution for this is to make a place for these trash and they could reuse it again and have the benefit from that. Also we don't forget that make a lot of air pollution and also water pollution in the all world. Factories play a main role in the pollution in the world because all the factories in the world usually make a pollution from the new products and they make every day new thing so in this way will make a ll the world polluted. In my opinion there is no solution to fix this problem because all of us need for these products like benzene. And all factories products. The third environmental pollution is soil pollution the most important cause of pollution in the soil is throwing plastic and this problem will be a big problem as I said by the years because plastic does not decompose so we should collect these in place in every city and reuse it again. So at the conclusion every country has a main pollution if they face the pollution and find the solution all the world will be better than now. Also the new generation will live a good life.
