TV can be your second hand on raising your children. Parents who are usually working all the day in the modern life don't have much time to take care of their children. Also getting a nanny is not something everyone can afford. Parents are looking for more convenient and less expensive alternative and the TV could be the one. Watching TV is beneficial for preschool kids and their parents. Preschool kids learn very important concepts from TV in a very fast rate. For example they can learn how to make a polite request and use the word please by mimicking the actors' behaviors and words. Also they can improve their language by catching new words and phrases. Consequently this will prepare them for the school later on and make it easier. I remember when one of my nieces answered her mother's question in a formal and clear language I was impressed and proud at the same time. Then I realized that she had been watching a TV program and she caught those words from there. TV saves parent's money and time. With the considerable expense of getting a nanny the TV seems to be the perfect choice. Instead of paying more than thousand dollars monthly for a nanny parents can get a TV cable for less than one hundred dollars per month. Also they don't have to worry about the extra expenses that come with the nanny such as health insurance or paid holidays. Moreover parents will have more time to relax read finish the house work and most importantly more time to plan for new thrilling activities for the children themselves. Some parents might argue that TV could expose the children to inappropriate languages or scenes. That is true but parents can easily control this by choosing the channels that suitable for children to watch and secure the unwanted ones with a password. Also it could be argued that watching TV might affect the children's motivation. I understand that but this is what modern life and new technology is all about brings the joy to your home and smart parents are the ones who are able to incorporate distinct activities into their children's daily schedule. In conclusion TV has great educational and financial impact on preschool kids and their parents. Therefore children should be allowed to watch more TV at this age since the cost of getting a nanny still high.
