TOEFL Test Some students think that TOEFL is not significant requirement to accept at universities. They don't believe that TOEFL test will assist them to be qualified to start an academic program. I understand that students are under a pressure to study a new language and they may argue the universities about canceling the TOEFL score because the test will not be the fair measure to their ability under that pressure but this test is a perfect method to measure their ability to begin academic. Also getting TOEFL test let the students qualified to begin academic classes. It helps students to be familiar with academic skills. First TOEFL test is beneficial for students. The universities require students getting TOEFL score to be accepted. Even though receiving high score is difficult for students this test will helps universities to assess students' skills in English language. For example TOEFL test has four sections writing reading listening and speaking. These sections will measure students' English skills very well. In addition it makes universities shoes the Elle students who have the ability that school need to some of its department. Such as engineering and medical department. It's true that many students at English language institute has busy schedules and may have trouble studying a second language. Moreover a lot of them under a pressure to study a new language. So they may argue that because of their situation they sometimes complain about universities that require TOEFL test. However canceling TOEFL test should never be the solution. Instead students may try to get high score by studying hard. Furthermore while getting high score maybe tough for some students who under a pressure to study another language. It's important to pass this test with high score. They may go to the library to buy some books which help to practice for that test and develop their skills. Getting TOEFL test let the students qualified to begin academic classes. It helps students to be familiar with academic skills. In fact TOEFL test I remember when one of my friend got TOEFL test to accept at a college. After he accepted by the college and started his academic classes he feel that he more familiar with it. So the TOEFL tests assess students to know whom academic class look like before they began their classes. I believe that universities should require students to get high TOEFL score by letting student more aware of the benefit it causes. TOEFL test help universities to pick up the perfect student who are able to study by English language. Also this test let students ready to start attending academic classes. If the universities still force the students to get TOEFL scour many students will get the benefit of this test.
