What are you doing while your classmates are taking a class Some students may feel confused because they are always in the class however other students may reply diverse answers because they are out of the class where they are supposed to be. Nowadays being absent in classes happens frequently and university's policy concerns about it. Students argue that the absence in a class haven't influenced on their course's performance nevertheless university students should be required to attend classes because the attendance indicates a student's responsibility performance and respect. First as adults university students are able to take responsibilities by themselves. As we known many kinds of courses in universities are chosen by students themselves and every course has a capacity. For example a course's registration capacity is 30 students. Once the registration is full which means some students have occupied the spaces and then other students can't register it any more. Since they have already registered a course they should attend the course as anticipated. Otherwise please give back the space to other students who want to take it. Moreover teachers can evaluate students' performance relying on taking classes. By far the most valuable and important time commitment in a course was the time actually spent in the classroom 1 . Teachers use a variety of form during their class such as quiz exam brainstorming etc. To give students' feedback promptly. Some students debate that they can achieve excellent learning outcome without taking classes. For few students it could be true however some students who didn't take classes acquire poor grades. According to Craig H. Jones 1998 absences and grades can interact to produce a spiral of declining academic achievement in some students. The crucial factor for attendance can be one of aspects for appreciating teachers' work. Teachers have spent a lot of time to prepare for the courses. When they go to the class they fill with hope to transmit knowledge to students they will also invent several activities to encourage attendance. Once there are only several students sustain in the class the teacher must be depressed. In conclusion students' attendance is not only a physical state but also an emotional attitude. Once students enroll a course it implies an agreement between a student and a teacher and the students need to take their role to do the relative business. Taking class is so appropriate to a student for giving their performance's feedback that why don't they catch the best time Even more to thank for their teachers' endeavor students need to go to the class. Attendance policy has been implemented in lots of universities and it will continue existing until attendance is not an issue any more. Reference 1 Class Attendance Article ANON URLPAGE.
