Does Curfew Keep Teenagers Out of Trouble There are many cases and news shows teenager had more troubles than before. Also there is a lot of news related to teenagers for example bullying stealing using drags joining criminal organizations doing something illegal and etc which has happened one after another. Due to rise of criminal rates for teenagers some of policy makers educators and philosophies claim the government should propose the new policy that curfews can prohibit teenagers from standing outside and making troubles at night. Unquestionably some people think this is a good idea to keep teenager out of making troubles however does curfew can really help teenagers not get into any troubles. In my opinion I think curfew may not really solve the problem we should educate the parents and teenagers what is right what is wrong. Since the law was enacted curfews have been a controversial issue. Many people claim that this can help us to solve teenagers' criminal actions. They deeply believe it can keep teenagers stay at home at night they will not go out to make any troubles. However I doubt the policy of the curfew for teenagers can really solve the problems. I think curfews are not inappropriate ways but also let teenagers have formal ideas to break the law. Especially some of teenagers have rebel against mentality and psychology. They will do something that the socially will not allow. We should pay more attention educate and take care of the teenagers not only just impose the law to keep them away from making troubles. Curfews indeed limit the teenagers to their home or school at a certain time it works for certain time but not all the time. Even though we imposed the law to keep teenagers away from criminals however the law can not guarantee the teenagers' will have a good behavior. The law can not control the teenagers mind and behavior. Beside they might do something wrong even if they are at home or school. In these years bullying has become an important issue in the school. It usually happens to someone who is ganged up by a group. Most victims decided to keep silent. This situation always make problem get worse and worse. If the victims keep silent the problem will not be find out we need to wait it get worse to be disclosed. The fact that is curfews can really stop the criminal happening in the school for me I don't think so. I believe the place is not a reason for the teenagers who want to be a troublemaker or criminal. Drag abusing is also a serious problem among teenagers. Some of them use drag at home or school because they think use drag at home and school is safer place to use drag that is neither checked nor inspected. The fact is curfews can only keep teenagers off the street not keep them away from criminals. It is useless to preventing them from getting into troubles. Moreover this is no obviously evidence shows the time is relevant to teenagers criminal actions. It is a lot of news said the teenagers criminal actions happened in the afternoon or some other times. I believe the time is not a reason to make the teenagers into troubles. Most philosophy claim that is curfews work successfully in the family for me I think it just works in some of families. Unlike extended family that has close relationship between members who care about each other but at present time the distortion of family function results in teenagers' problems. Those people who think that curfews might be an easier resolution that only points to the effect ignoring the root of the problem. The city alderman in New Haven used to try to impose curfews on youngsters in 1995. Hearing the news the teens in the city persisted in opposing curfews because they regarded it as Band Aid solution that doesn't address the deeper causes of youth violence. Blackford 1997 Today teenagers whose parents work busily but rarely listen to their heart. Young people today feel totally isolated. Blackford 1997 When the family has problems in the family such as home break financial difficulties or domestic violence teenagers will evade the problem and could turn to the outside of the world. In some cases the teens that are raised by single parent or by grandparents can't acquire enough support and assistance from their family escaping from their home. Some of teenagers' parents treat them in violent way that will lead them to behavior deviation. Instead of setting curfews or more rules give them opportunities to be independent and train them which can keep them busy is a good way to overcome the problem. The UK government and related institution cooperate to help those teens from disadvantaged family can learn professional skills and find their direction where they want to go in their life. The way the government manipulates will increase teenagers' self confidence and decrease the proportion of getting into trouble. To sum up the more policies set on the teenagers who don't like them will cause more problem and will shows more rebellious behavior. They may not understand the seriousness they obey the regulations even their parents clearly explain the reasons to them. In a period of time some teenagers were crazy about racing their motorcycles on streets at midnight which disturbs the public peace and damage their life in my country. When the police warned these youngsters that they would reinforce patrols on the streets with more policemen these teens still did as usual and what's worse the action triggers the youths' behavior more fierce. Besides it is said that teenagers prefer lingering in cyber cafes all day to staying at home even if it may bother their schedule and cost a lot of money. Moreover teenagers will consider curfews with distrust hence it makes them worse. They may try to sneak out to do something wrong against the law or they will get into trouble on purpose to test the adults' extreme. As result of social transition there are some parents who are busy working believe that curfews set their mind at ease because their children are restricted by law in order to avoid police officers. They could think that the police officers may be powerful supervisors who can frighten teenagers from going on streets at the time of curfew easily but in fact teenagers will use the other way to reach their goal. Girls will wear make up to look more mature to escape being checked. Some of them will play hide and seek with policemen and their parents. They will find a place which there is no police officers to take a look. I believe that parents are reluctant to see this situation. Besides I can understand that adults are eager to find a way to help the lost boys and girls not to stray on streets and make troubles however curfews are not panacea to cure all problems. In other words If you look at it as a cure all you will likely end up with more of a band aid solution. Aspen education It will result in the relationship between adults and teens will become restless. It is not good for development to society therefore when those experts try to find a way to solve the problem for teenagers they should take current social and family situation into consideration furthermore schools teens' parents and related institutions should be involved in discussing and communicating with teens especially parents. After all parents should take responsible for their children because this is the responsibility that they can't pass. References Blackford Linda Teens propose Curfew Alternatives. American News Service June 16 1997 from ANON_URLSPAGE_Aspen Education Determine Your Teen's Curfew From ANON URLPAGE
