Mechanical Lower Back Pain Causes and Treatment Mechanical lower back pain is soreness at the lower part of the back. This soreness has a relationship with the prolonged bad forward sitting posture for instance. This prolonged sitting with the back in forward bending posture may in turn overstretch the back soft tissues muscles ligaments and tendons . This overstretching may stimulates nervous system which will via the brain send back pain massage to the back in order to make the person erects or decreases forward bending posture which in turn relax or decrease the pressure on the back soft tissues . Unfortunately this biological mechanism may not last forever. Thus physical professionals such as physical therapists and physiatrists invent special instructions techniques and devices which may help in decreasing bad posture and back pain eventually . First instructions are advice which may be given by a physical therapist to direct the complaint towards the right more normal back erection posture. So instructions about normal setting standing and lying posture may be given . At the same time the explanation about back exercise program and who it works or the relationship between the prolonged bad sitting posture and back pain may be described . For example instructions regarding decreases sitting time to 45 minuets with interval resting time abut 10 minuets By this method the time of forward overstretching posture decreases so the stress on the back soft tissues decrease too and the pain may get less . Furthermore sitting on a high chair or writing on a bit faraway table may automatically make the complaint bend his back forward to the dangerous forward bending posture. By physical therapist instruction. The complaint can figure out the relationship between the back pain and his way of sitting which is eventually modified to normal height of chair and closed table to the person body the right sitting way in the office. Second techniques are the exercises given to correct bad posture . For example 10 repetitions of an over erected posture with 10 seconds holding that posture every repetition then relax . This exercise cat be practiced at the time of rest after 45 minutes of continuous sitting for instance. On the other hand some back strengthening exercises may be given to build up the tone of the back muscles the ability or tendency of the muscles to contract continuously in low level with out fatigue. So the complaint back is tending to be more erected still not proved scientifically . The last devices which are the materials provided in order to correct the bad posture. For example a lumber roll which is a small round device made from sponge and usually strapped to the chair at the lumber area lower part of the back. It might keep the back straight and also tape can be used by sticking specific length of tape to cover the back vertebrae from just below the neck to the end of lumber . This tape works as a reminder when ever the complaint bend to the forward bending posture the tape at his back will stretch reminding him to not go further . In conclusion bad posture can lead to mechanical lower back pain . By using these methods instructions techniques and devices to correct bad back posture . The person can protect his back from this problem or get rid of it if he already had this problem.
