Name Ghazi AlNajdi Course Writing 5T. Topic Argumentative Essay assignment. Are people thinking alcohol drinks are healthy correct or mistaken Some people have believed for a long time that wine beer and other spiritual drinks are good for health. This belief is affected by cultures of those people who have used to drink it habitually. In addition the economical profits that people or companies earn by selling and promoting such as these drinks in which people become addicted to them are playing a big role to affect what people think. This topic has been controversial for many years among different cultures in this world. Recently scientific researches and doctors clarify many ambiguous points regarding this matter. Personally I definitely agree with these crucial scientific references that state that these drinks are unhealthy even though a considerable number of people think opposite to this point of view. Those scientific researches are based on evidences and facts which can't be judged by others whether they are true or no. In this essay I am going to discus three points which some believe about the spiritual drinks and try to help you to figure out what I am arguing about. Opponents say that drinking alcohol increases the appetite so it good especially for those who don't eat the daily required amounts of foods to be healthy. This point has been investigated by scientists to see if it's correct or no. They found that is correct but it happens in negative way in which it is dangerous for human's stomach or even digestive tracts because alcohol stimulates the glands in the stomach which secret the HCL acid Chloride acid . In turn this leads to a damage of the stomach wall when the HCL secretion changed from the normal level to the abnormal levels that might digest the stomach wall tissues this case is known as the peptic ulcer which is related obviously with people drinking alcohols. According to a discussion which is reported in the study that has been published on the Epidemiology journal website They discovered that there is a relationship between bleeding peptic ulcer and those who drink 14 drinks weekly . 1 The second point that some claim is alcohols keep humans' bodies warm so it is useful to use in cold parts of the world. On the other hand scientists has studied this phenomenon and then they gave explanation for it when alcohol suppresses the nervous system centers which control the expansion and contraction of the blood vessel muscles superficial blood vessels expand thus a person feels the warmth. Sadly they found that this phenomenon has caused many cases of sudden deaths in cold countries located in Europe because drunken people sleep in public parks during very cold weather when they feel the warmth so the hypothermia which means the dropping of the normal body temperature occurs in these cases and leads to the death. 1 Epidemiology Electronic Journal July 2000 Volume 11 Issue 4 pp 434 439. The third point which opponents think is alcohol drinks are good for brain functions in humans. For example some individuals believe that the red wine is good to prevent dementia and to improve a memory. However it has been proved scientifically that alcohol disrupt the brain function and that is obvious when we see a person after drinking any kind of spiritual drinks in a strange mood or maybe unconscious. Anyway a French study has found that a special substance which is available in grape wine can be originally found in grapes so it is enough to eat fresh grapes instead of drinking red wine. This point has been answered by dr. Doug Wornell who is a psychiatrist author and dementia expert when he has been asked about if red wines prevent dementia or no. Dr. Wornell posted the answer on his official website in a quotation for dr. Wornell he wrote Let's be honest. The reason we drink is to get a buzz. I don't care how much of a connoisseur you are the feeling that ethanol creates in our brains is behind much of the rave about red wine. First of all the dementia rates are no less in Italy or France than they are here. Secondly there is plenty of available Resveratrol in many non alcohol sources such as blueberries or blackberries. Thirdly let's say there is some benefit from moderate use which there might be the potential for overuse is always lingering and with that could come a variety of medical domestic and accidental problems 2011 Ask dr. Wornell wine and dementi In conclusion although some people think drinking alcohol is healthy I am totally disagreeing with them. These drinks have been examined by recent medical researches as I have written before and the results oppose what the some think. In fact this is not only every thing but spiritual drinks also lead to many serious problems which might be fetal if a human addict them. What I think about people who believe that these drinks are healthy is those people are victims because they have been manipulated by others who seek their personal benefits or profits. Such as big companies or groups of people which frequently promote their products just to earn money and they obviously ignore people's health. In addition they changed many facts just to satisfy themselves so they are still claiming that spiritual drinks are very important of a culture that certain people have to follow because they must imitate what their ancestors did in the past. In a quotation for dr. Wornell from his article posted on his official website We are all born with the enzyme which metabolizes ethanol in our bodies alcohol dehydrogenase. This fact allows us as adults to enjoy the manic like symptoms we get when drinking this substance without dying. And we have been doing just that for a long time long before the birth of Christ. Alcohol ethanol or ethyl alcohol consumption has become a part of most cultures around the world with uses ranging from a social buffer to religious ceremonies. In the end ethanol is a substance that despite our ability to metabolize it is associated with many psychiatric syndromes. In most cases other than acute intoxication these are only found in association with its abuse. Let's take a brief look at most of them. 2011Psychiatric syndromes associated with alcohol . In fact among all cultures in the world there are good and bad habits let us focus on good things and avoid bad ones because we are today educated and we have lots of knowledge. Let us use these new sciences or researches to develop our lives. In this way we will correct many misunderstandings that people think about this issue and eventually our future will be much healthier than now. References 1 Bak Andersen Inger1 J Smoking and Alcohol Intake as Risk Factors for Bleh 2011 in Alcohol Diagnosis. 3 Dr. Wornell Dr. Doug Wornell psychiatric and dementia expert. 2011 Ask dr. Wornell wine and dementi . Posted on October 15th 2011 in Alcohol Ask Dr. Wornell News.
