People usually utilize their cell phones to contact others easily. To know something related to any certain person you can catch your mobile and either call or text about what you're looking for. However cell phones have bad effects on our entire life. Cell phones can weaken the special relations which we have. This means that contacting anyone by phone for acquiring information you need makes you forget to visit him. So the mobiles are a principal cause when someone says I didn't see somebody for a while although he is calling him her repeatedly. For example in Saudi Arabia it's noticed that meeting relatives usually is in two times a year in Eid Alftr and Eid Aladha. For me I always chat with my cousin every week even though I sometimes stay for around three months without seeing him. Long periods of time are lost with our mobiles. You can see some people when they use their mobiles and spend the most time a day talking or chatting. Those times should have consumed in other important features. Even though mobiles have many interested app which attract us to interactive with those machines the time is not just for fun. We need to divide our time for studying working reading and staying with our parents for speech. This wasted time is essential reason that some students are recording bad scores in their classes. It's true that cell phones have many advantages. People ought to use Cell phones as a facilitating tool. Persons may find it's better to send an SMS rather than giving a call since SMS has shorter time to deliver and usually costs less. However cell phones badly influence on our attitudes. The person who is staying most time with phone may be afraid of participation with others in their meetings. As a result he might reject the idea of staying face to face with them in the long run. Some suffer from the phobia which prevents them to attend big relatives' celebrations. I think the negative effects of cell phones overcome the positive sides. Mobiles can damage relations with mates. They also waste our time and cause fear of staying with people. If we let the mobiles influence on other required features in the life the cell phones will continue causing those problems for us.
