Cellphones Are Beneficial to Society Cellphones bring human beings whatever they want. Also cellphone is a dispensable part to most people's daily life. If I am asked to say some adverse effects of the cellphone I won't know how to illustrate. But as to the benefits of cellphone I can give you a lot of examples such as improving the communication style and enhancing the economic development. First of all nobody can deny that cellphone makes our communication easier than in the non cellphone age. Cellphone eliminates the distance from person to person and make our relationship closer than before. For instance whenever I feel upset I am used to calling my close friends with cellphone and telling them what difficult I meet. They can chat with me through cellphone and suggest me how to deal with some troubles. So I can get support from my friends promptly that make our relationship closer. Secondly to speed up the economic development is another significant aspect of the cellphone. For example international trading is a main commercial pattern in a lot of countries. So an efficient communication can help a company to get a lot of new orders. Also cellphone can assist businessmen to get new information and useful feedback. These advantages are beyond email and other forms of communication. Therefore cellphone enhances economic development and conference call is widely accepted by more and more businessmen. Even though some people think that cellphone harm to our health because its strong radiation compared with other electric products radiation from cellphone is much weaker. As some experts showed if we use cellphone properly it won't bring any harm to our life. In contrast since people have a good interaction with their friends and family with cellphone it brings people a happy and meaningful daily life that is also good for social harmony. From all the factors we can see that the cellphones not only make our relationship closer but also speed up economic development. Obviously cellphones take more benefits to us and our society than its adverse effects.
