When asked this question I agree with it definitely. However someone may say that the cell phone will make negative influence on children like students cannot concentrate on study in the class. But the reasons upholding my perspective are as follows. Cell phones bring convenience to our daily life. First of all we can keep in touch with each other. When a festival is coming we always send messages to family member and friends to show our best wishes. In contrast some people state that cell phones cannot be used anywhere anytime especially in some remote areas where the phones do not receive a signal. What is more the mobile phone will be dead if the battery is used up. While with the increasing number of people using cellphones the signal is stronger and wider so do not worry about signal. In general people will prepare two batteries for cellphone in order to prevent it is going dead. In addition it is easy for people to get information. As we know all of the people can surf the internet via cellphone and there is everything on the internet. Whatever you want there is. It helps to make people's life easier. Some people will oppose that the bill of GPRS is high. The service is not worth that price. But with the improvement of information technology the bill will reduce more and more people will be benefited by internet via cellphone. Finally cellphones do make profit for government and people. It is huge industry of cellphone production and mobile telecom carrier. It is fast for cellphones to update. There are six billion people in the world. In this case what a huge number of mobile phones people need. The profit is beyond count. I can understand that it is a monopoly the mobile telecom carriers set the price they want and no negotiation for people. I hate it too. But on the contrary the industry provides more jobs for society. It will decrease the number of unemployed people. On the other hand the information technology is required to improve with the increasing need of mobile phones. Thus it pushes information technology into better level. In a word cellphones make lots of benefit to society. It keeps people closed helps people to obtain information. Above all government can get more tax and people obtain job opportunity from the industry of cellphones. Those are why I totally agree that cellphones benefit society.
