E must be fights sometimes that may affect the relationship strong relationships will last forever despite any misunderstanding. Second most important type is normal friends. These are good friends but they are not as close as the first type and you can live without them. They can give you some help if you need and you have to call them. For me when I'm bored I can talk to them or go out to have some fun. Moreover I can benefit from their experience. For example when I was seeking a job I called several friends who already have a job and I gained some of their experience that helped me to find one. The third and least important type is co workers or the classmates. These are friends from work or from school. They are not really friends but the place where you work or study makes you have them. For example when I was in the college I needed this type of friends because when I needed someone to explain something to me I couldn't understand I called one of my friends and I asked for her help. Also when I was at work sometimes I needed to get out because of an emergency so I asked one of my co workers to cover for me. Sometimes also I could have fun at work when I was bored. But this type of friends sometimes can make obstacles in your career. I remember one time one of my co workers complained about me to the supervisor because I took a phone call while I was treating a patient but it was urgent and she didn't understand that and the supervisor got mad at me. So one should be careful especially in this kind of friendship. As a result we can say that friendship is a long trip in which you must distinguish the good from the bad friends and give more thoughts about it. Because sometimes you make friendship with someone and you think from the first impression that he or she is a good person but eventually you figure out that he or she is a bad person. For example I met someone I thought at the first that this person is good when she treated me in a good way but when I saw how she treated her mother in a bad way I tried not to be so close to her because I knew that eventually she will treat me bad. But sometime it's the opposite when you meet someone you think that he or she is bad because of certain attitude but when you get to know him or her well you know that he or she has a good and clean heart. So friendship is hard but once you know your real friends things will be easier.
