Cellphones are beneficial to society Cellphones are becoming such a major part of our lives that even children are using them. Nowadays people can't stay away without using their cellphones for even a day. They are the invention that every single person on the entire world is using because of their many features and the way they make our lives easier and faster. There are three major parts that determine the importance of them which are phone calls Internet browsing and GPS systems. Some people think that with every invention comes responsibilities and danger. These people's reasons are the negative side effects of cellphones and the time that people are wasting in using them which is not true and not even proven. In fact since the day that people start using cellphones it become possible to make a phone call from almost anywhere in the world. In the past it was difficult for people to communicate with each other especially out side their houses. Most cellphones that people use support Internet browsing. Internet browsing is very useful and can help to make life much easier. Many people are browsing the Internet to search check their e mails and even to communicate with each other through Facebook Twitter and many others. Nowadays people can look up any information that they might not know or even to follow up the up dated news. It's really becoming a small world since what is happening on the east side of the world can be known on the west side within seconds. The Global Positioning System or the GPS is a very unique invention. It's used by millions of people all around the world. Most people's target when buying a new cellphone that it has a GPS in it. It's used to locate a place by only writing few numbers and words. It can show you the way for your destination and some of them can also speak to you with the exact rout and time to get there. Cellphone in my opinion is the best invention that is out there and almost every one agree on that because it's not only used by ordinary people but even police men fire men and doctors are using it. In conclusion cellphones are great invention that is so useful to all humans. They can be used in many fields and places. Communications are better since the day they were invented and they make our lives easier and faster.
