Cellphones are beneficial to society Nowadays cellphones have already played a significant role in our daily life. No matter young people or adults we bring it with us everywhere in every time. For this it's evident to see cellphones are beneficial to the whole society which develop our society solve some social problems and change people's lives. First of all cellphones develop our society in several aspects. In business the wide use of cellphones promotes the development of business. The reason why I said it is that everyone uses cellphone and everyone needs to choose different plan and pay every month it helps the cellphone companies develop new plans and strategies to get more profits and then all of these actions will make the companies and their business develop better and better. Another side is technology because of the competition among all kinds of cellphone companies it will force people to invent new functions of the cellphones and develop the qualities so the technology of cellphones will become more mature than before better and better. Secondly cellphones also can help to solve a part of social problems. The good example is employee. With the development of cellphones more and more cellphone companies emerged it allows more people to find their jobs in those cellphone company. Also the higher and higher technology requires more people to participate in the cellphones research and produce better production. From this aspect more people can have jobs. It means the society will be more peaceful because more people will satisfy their lives. Therefore cellphones are beneficial to our society which gives more choices in peoples' career path. Thirdly although some people argue that the cellphones make people's relationships weaker and weaker. In my opinion I believe that the relationships change does not depend on cellphones. Instead cellphones help us to keep tight relationship with our friends and families because you can use cellphones to contact with people whenever you want and no matter where you are. Look at the facts many students study abroad cellphones give them an edge to contact their families which is convenient and save time. Furthermore cellphones shorten the distances over the world and make us tighter than before. All in all cellphones help our society become better it really develop the society in so many aspects such as business and technology and it also have influence on our daily life all of these make our society more stable colorful and peaceful.
