The cell phone is a great invention which has changed people's life since it was created. Not only do people use it for calling but also they use it for a variety of purposes such as sending emails recording and checking an address. No doubt those cell phones benefit individuals but are they beneficial to society. Even though some people believe that cell phones benefit society I have faith that this device is destroying our society. Nowadays it is rare to find people gathering together. Humans have been isolated since those electronic devices were invented. The cell phone is considered one type of electronic device which affects society most badly. This device changes the way that people communicate with others. For example some parents talk and communicate with their children by those devices although they can talk directly. It is not surprising when you see some people sitting close together but they are busy with their cell phones. Is that the method we learn communication skills from each other How can children learn how to communicate with others if they only communicate by using cell phones It is clearly seen that the previous generation are more reliable than the current generation. Actually People now do not want to think more to solve problems or find solutions. They believe that as long as they have these devices there is no need to use their minds. For example some humans use prepared forms to send letters. Instead of learning how to write a letter they use forms which are already in the phone. In fact cell phones make people undependable. Some opponents said that cell phones facilitate communication between humans and friends family or relatives. By using messages or broadcasts they are in contact with whomever they want. In fact that is partially true. No doubt that the cell phone has a lot of programs which have made communication easier than any time in the past. But does this device benefit society There is a great example which can answer the previous question precisely. Let us compare between the current and the previous generation. Even though the previous generations do not use cellphones they lived in a strong sociable life. In addition they feel pity for the fact that our life has become isolated. This comparison leads us to one question. Are those technological devices beneficial for us Unfortunately the answer is no. They gave us a lot of advantages but not for society. It is clearly seen they influence us to be far away from each other. In conclusion cellphone is helpful for humans. It has a lot of advantages for individuals but a lot of disadvantages for society. As what was mentioned above society should be aware of the negative consequences that cell phones cause.
