Esam Abuharba Feb 23 12 Assignment final draft These day's in Arabic countries have been occurring some politics changes that is called the Arab spring. Libya is a part of the change. Revolution of 17th February that was happened in my country is as the result of government corruption poverty and no freedom. First of all dictator called Gadaffi controlled Libya he was president of Libya for more then 40th years. In this time Gadaffi surrounded by group of people that they had every thing from the power to the money and the authority to do what they want without control. For instance his kids can spend money as much as they can. One of his sons spent about two millions dollars on a night because he was celebrated by his birthday. In addition Gadaffi had the upper hand in control and spend money and no one had the authority to ask him what he was doing by money that he token. Second Libyan are about six millions and 60 of them are living under poverty line. Not only this but some people did not have a home some family are living together in the same house. The average income in Libya is about 2000 per a year and the average family number in Libya is 8 persons per a family. So how can you as a husband feed and buy clothes to your a big family by 2000 a year. In addition we as Libyan supposed be as rich as other oil countries our yearly income just from the export the oil is more than 60 billions. And the rate of poverty sill very high. In addition if Gadaffi government spent money to improve economy of the country the revolution would not happen. Finally the government regime had been dictatorship no one had the authority to express his or her opinion in popular that means no freedom. The government has the upper hand that can do what it wants and people should have followed the orders without they can say their opinions. For instance if government increases a price the gas no body can protest against this decision and the protest will go to the prison for long years without justice. As a result of unfair justice the people gave up and said no to the dictator government. In conclusion Libyan had a lot of stress for more than 40 years because of the Governmental corruption poverty and lack of the freedom. The 17th February revolution happened As a result of accumulated stress. And now Libyan are starting new life with a good government that it selected by democracy way.
