Cause and effect writing Revision Smoking issues Today smoking is becoming more popular all over the world. Many young people start smoking. In China 40 of people above the age of 15 are smokers. It is a very serious problem because not only do the old people smoke but also some middle school students worst of all of all ages have been smoking. Though cigarettes bring happiness to those who smoke what is dangerous is that smokers are likely to become addicted. However smoking can cause some positive effects which include Smoking affects health government have the smoking law and the group of young smoker. The first important effect of smoking is harmful to people's health. Research was shown that smoking causes lung cancer heart problems and respiratory illnesses. Smoking is not only harmful to smokers themselves but also a threat to public health especially to women and children. The poisonous gas from smoking is one of the major causes of many kinds of diseases. This is why many countries have created laws forbidding smokers to smoke in public places such as cinemas hospitals and schools. The second important effect of smoking is the government tired to prevent the diminution of smoker. In some countries there is a law that people cannot smoke in public because smoking affects non smokers more than it does smokers. On the other hand smoking pollutes the environment by putting poisonous vapor into the air. So it is very necessary and important that the government ban smoking. It is a measure to protect our health and the environment. Many people especially non smokers agree this policy. Even though smokers disagree because It would take away some of our freedom it is a good idea. Finally smoking can cause some problem of young people. In America people can only buy cigarettes at the store if they show their ID. This law is not allowed people to smoke until they are at least 18 years old. This law helps prevent youths from smoking. In China even high school students smoke on the school property. They may cause many problems. Today more and more people are beginning to realize the harm of smoking and decide to give it up In order to keep healthy we should get rid of the bad habit of smoking. Please stop smoking at once. Antismoking campaigns have greatly reduced smoking in the U. S. Even as it rises in many other countries.
