ANON_NAME_0 Alduayji 02 12 12 Assignment Final draft Global Warming This year winter in Pittsburgh is warmer than winters in previous years. Temperatures rise every year around the globe. This phenomenon is caused by Global Warming. Some scientists said that the reason of global warming is greenhouse gasses. These gases are emitted by people in many ways such as burning fossil fuels in cars and factories. As a result of global warming many effects are occurred. Global warming is responsible for climate change rising sea level and decreased snow cover in the North and South Pole. It has been observed that weather around the world is changing and temperatures are going up. This climate change touches even the coldest cities around the world. For example usually winter in Saudi Arabia is very cold and the temperature is about 5 Celsius. However this year the degree goes between 20 25 Celsius with some sand storms. It is unusual to have such climate in winter in Saudi Arabia. Currently many people have bad reaction such as flu and asthma from weather's change. Moreover although it is very close to the South Pole in 2010 it has been a warm winter in Hobart Australia where I lived for 4 years. Australia national weather record indicates that there is slight rise in winter's temperature in Hobart for coming years. Another major effect of global warming is changing in the sea level. Studies show that ocean levels rise every year. It is estimated that sea level rose about 15 20 centimetres every year. Rising sea levels cause floods to low lands cover beaches and increase salt levels on the rivers and bays. Furthermore such rising causes hurricanes and storms which may result in land loss. In Australia they estimate that many low lying coastal lands will have negative impact from each centimetre rise. The beaches will be inundated which threaten people who live there. The Victoria flood in January 2011 which covers many cities in Victoria state shows how series the change in the sea levels is. Heavy rainfall with Tropical Low Yasi tropical cyclone resulted in many people has lost their life homes and businesses. Many scientists attribute this major disaster to global warming and changing to sea levels. Snow cover decline gradually in North and South Hemisphere as a result of global warming. Snow melting could cause negative impact for Antarctica's wildlife such as polar bears arctic foxes seals walruses. Less drinking water will be available in the future if the snow continue to melt at its current rate. In conclusion global warming is very dangerous incident that may threaten our life. Climate change rising sea level and decrease snow cover are all indicators of global warming that we must act to prevent it. Government must be more environmentally responsible. They need to increase footpaths and encourage people to walk to decrease using any sources of gas emit. We need to encourage ourselves to have environmental friendly lifestyle if we really need to reduce the negative aspects of global warming.
