Feb 22ndth 12 Cause and effect essay Devastating Earthquake in Japan 2011 We may often hear about natural crises on the TV news. Sometimes it is difficult to imagine how the real situation might be. On the other hand if you were in the situation it would be a whole different story. We all heard about the natural crisis which had hit the northeastern coast of Japan on March 2011. All the news channels worldwide showed breaking news about an earthquake with nine magnitudes took place in Japan. Which means it was approximately 1. 5 Stronger than what it was expected J. Hill 2011 . Because it was a very strong earthquake consequently this led to triple tragedies. That includes displacement and deaths of hundreds of thousands of people massive tsunami and Fukushima nuclear power station damage with a huge radiation leaks. Unfortunately a huge number of Japanese were killed. That included all age groups with no discrimination. Causalities and death toll was greater than 10 000. This was not the final number but it was dramatically increasing in the following two weeks from the event. Two months later 17 400 people were still missing reported by The National Police Agency Yuasa Hosaka 2011 . Everything was disrupted therefore a 660 000 of people did not have access to water in their houses and more than 200 000 had to stay without electrical power. Lots of people had to move away because of the devastating damage in their properties. Yet the quake had affected both the land and water parts of Japan. As a result from the 9 magnitudes quake a large amount of water flooded out. In fact tsunami compounded the problem. It shocked the northeastern coastline and progressed towards the Pacific Ocean Hawaii was affected. Then it kept moving to the western coast of United States of America USA where a massive damage was resulted in. More people had to replace because of the floods. Nonetheless not only houses were affected large organizations and factors were rigorously altered. The earthquake damaged the cooling system of the Fukushima ANON_NAME_0 ichi the nuclear power plant. It is located 140 miles 220 kilometers northeast of Tokyo. The plant s personnel tried unsuccessfully to re operate the cooling system again. While this trial there was already a large amount of radiation oozed into the air and water. Radioactivity was found in raw milk seawater and eleven kinds of vegetables. That included broccoli cauliflowers and turnips which were planted near the plant. Radioactive Iodine has a half life of eight days which is the time for it to break down without any harm to the environment. The misfortune part was that experts reported that Japanese infants were exposed to radioactive Iodine as a result they are more vulnerable to thyroid cancer. However Fukushima refugees were rejected by the rest of the Japanese society. They were provided with a temporary refuge everywhere from gymnasium at schools to luxurious hotels. To sum up what happened in Japan was very serious and some of its consequences will persist forever. There will be always a family or a child who lost their beloved ones. Many of the survivals will never have their houses back that they used to having before the disaster. Many children will be diagnosed with cancer and might suffer their entire lives. If the Japanese government expected the worse the outcomes from this experience would be less traumatic.
