ANON_NAME_0 02 22 12 Cause Effect Essay Final Draft Arab's spring Arabs are woken up after long time of their governments' corruption. The dictatorial governments dispossess the freedom of their nations. There are a lot of discriminations between people in these countries. The effects of Arabs' revolution are some of the dictatorial republican regimes are gone the Arab nations get their freedom and the security is missed. The dictatorial regimes are gone as a result of Arab revolution against them. The spark of the Arab objections started from Tunisia. Then it is spread to Egypt Libya Yemen and Syria. The first four regimes have already fallen by insistence and assurance of the revolutions' leaders. However the corrupted regime in Syria is still fighting and killing its nation in order to stay in authority. Due to these revolutions the Arabs nations in all countries got the freedom. Some regimes are afraid from this Arab' spring consequently they are started to reform toward the best. For example In Egypt the nation got its freedom to choose the president of the country by election. Also in Yemen the nation participates in the government decisions according to its conciliator. In spite of these nations achieve their freedom the security of these countries is missed. At least directly after these regimes fell such as in Tunisia or till now like in Egypt. Now the situation in Egypt is miserable. For instance what was happened in the soccer game last month is really sad. In that game the fans of one soccer team fought with other team's fans. As a result of this riot a lot of people died. In addition what is now happening in Syria is really ashamed on the Syria regime. This regime is killing the Syrian people violently just because of they want their freedom. If I were the president of Syria I would leave the presidency to help my nation and stop bloodshed. It is clear that all Arabs nations are requiring and fighting for their rights and freedoms in this life as a result they protest against their governments to get them. After the protest some of them get what they want of freedom and these regimes are gone. In contrast the security is missed in some of these countries.
