The Ivory coast is a beautiful country in west Africa called Ivory coast well known for his high production of coffee and cacao. Also for it's mixture of culture and it's ideal geographic location. This is the perfect location for your holidays if you want to visit west Africa but as incredible as it can be this paradise recently faced a long civil war because of political issues and ethnical oppositions. I am from the Ivory Coast and this war had several impacts on my life and many others lives. I had lost one of my best friend my family and I left the country and move several times. In september 2002 the rebels attacked the capital of Ivory coast were my family and I were living. The situation was not really critical at this time and the politica leaders came to a consensus to this issue but the rebels were not satisfied. The country was facing the worst crisis of its whole history. In january 2010 the preidential election were being held which gave the people hope for a national reconciliation with the rebels. The head of the rebels was elected presient by sabotaging the voting which caused the previous president to oppose the election which started a civil war. The situation was getting worse and worse and many people were murdered by this war. My mother got troubled by the sound of the weapons my brothers were so scared that they were making nightmares and little sister was crying almost all the time because she knew something was going on. One of my best friend who lived in the same hood with me got killed by the rebels one night while he was coming back home from a party. A party that I was actually supposed to go with him. He got killed by a gun machine and none of the other guys who were with him tried anything to send him to the hospital. It really affected me I spent a few days acting like a ghost I was asking myself why him and it doesn't only happens to the others then a truly realized that he was dead and gone . My father who was actually living in the neighboring country was scared and decided that it was too dangerous to stay there so we packed up and left to join my father. We spent a month with my father in Mali far from this chaotic situation In Ivory coast. I was In my last year of high school and I was supposed to pass my degree but there was no place available for me in this Malian High school . The level of life in Mali was not as good as it was in Ivory coast in fact it was very difficult to change and adapt ourselves to this new environment. Therefore my father asked us if we wanted to go to France. My mother did not agree at the first time but she finally changed her mind . One week later we were moving again and this time to France. The hardest thing was obviously to restart life in another country. We had never lived in France before. We learned a new culture new rules new climate while at the same time making new friends. I remember being sick during the first month because it was very cold. With all of the chaos and termoil my brothers and I had not attended school for over two months. Now in France we had to start school. The European way of life was quite different than ours but we adapted ourselves quickly and conquered all the problems encountered. This civil war affected my life in different ways I lost my friend I had to leave my native country to go and restart my life in France. As a result I will never see my hometown as in the past It will always be clouded by theses memories of the civil war. I heard it once said that everything happens for a reason. So I am still thankful to God because this war changed my own perspective of life and helped me become a better person.
