Education has become one of the most important areas in the world. Therefore now education is one of the priorities of the Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia. The government there is working very hard to enhance educational system billions of dollars are being spent on it. The government started working on education many years ago as a result education has changed and improved gradually within the last thirty years. At first glance it can be clearly seen that a lot of things have changed from the past. One obvious change is the system of schools. In the past student had to study only for three days in a week during the week they had just about twelve hours. Also in the past schools hours was from 6 00am to 10 00am this is weird isn't This is really ambiguous policy but some people rationalize it by saying that the old system is good for saving time they say that in the past parents need their children to help them in some jobs such as agriculture and houses cleaning and stuff like this. Nowadays schools system in Saudi Arabia is completely different. Students attend schools five days every week they start their classes at 7 00am and finish them at 1 30pm. Obviously This is a big change in schools system and there is a remarkable progress in education. . Also students skills increased since they started this new system. In the past there was shortness in facilities that help students. Teachers did not use advanced or complicated tools and machines all the facilities they had are chalks boards and sticks to point on boards while they teach their students. Also in the past student used to sit on the ground they did not have tables or chairs to sit on. The only one who had a chair and a table is the teacher. In the current time it is completely different modern technology has invaded student's lives and their classrooms in the Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia. On these days teachers rarely use the traditional way in teaching I mean boards and chalks . Using chalks and boards usually is useful only for the students who sit in the first two rows but the students who sit in the back rows can not see what is on the board especially people who have problems in their vision. In fact this old method in teaching is fading gradually. It replaced by very advanced machines such as projectors I pods I pads and I phones etc. Of course those complex machines and devices have helped teachers and students a lot more than using the traditional way. To be faire using projectors is helpful in teaching and it helps all students in classrooms. When a class has a projector it does not matter how big the classroom is or where do students sit all people in the classroom can see information on the wall easily. The last thing that has changed is teacher's skills and their abilities. Couple years ago there was a lack of teachers' skills. To be more precise most teachers on that time were not qualified to transact with students who have some special needs Florida comprehensive assessment test . Actually most of them had the skills that give them the right to teach students but they did not have the proper skills to deal with some students. For example they teach all students in the same way. This was wrong and was not fair because students in a classroom are not equal. Some of them are smart genius and their IQ level is very high on the other hand some students are not. So everyone should be treated in a different way. In conclusion education system has changed a lot within the last 30 years. All countries around the world are working intensively to enhance education and encourage people to be more knowledgeable and educated in order to develop their countries and their societies. As a result education has changed to the best in many countries during including KSA.
