The effect of the earthquake on the nuclear power plant Nuclear power plant is one of good way of producing our electric power. We have relied on almost all electric from nuclear power plants in Japan because we don't have enough natural resources. The big earthquakes and tsunami on 11th March 2011 had destroyed one of these nuclear power plants in Fukushima. That disaster affected people who were living around plants keep away from their homes lack of electric power and changing public opinion about nuclear power plants. The first big effect is that many people who live around nuclear power plant were forced to keep them away their home for a long time. Some people have to change job the others have to move to another place. Even approximately 1 year later they can't go back to their homes. Some areas in Fukushima will not be allowed to walk in there for a few decades. The second effect is lack of electric power. The nuclear power plants in Fukushima had supplied Tokyo capital city in Japan with electric power. After the earthquake the function in Tokyo had damaged due to set a limit using electric. For instance the factory has to stop their production people couldn't use air conditions to save on electricity during summer. It will be very inconvenient if we can't use enough electric. The third effect is changing public opinion about nuclear power plant. Almost people had thought that we need nuclear power plant to get enough electric before the earthquakes. Moreover we had believed that our nuclear power could endure earthquakes. In fact that wasn't true. We have been discussing the need of nuclear power plant and have been considering another power plant instead of nuclear power. Nuclear power has some advantage for us because they don't produce carbon dioxide and have reasonable cost but on the other hand if the earthquakes occurred they would affect huge disaster such as people who were living around plants keep away from their homes lack of electric power and changing public opinion about nuclear power plants. We should think over pros and cons about nuclear power plant.
