Global Warming Global warming is one of the most serious problems in all of the worlds. Freon gas is major reason of global warming. Freon gas usage is increased by developing civilization but Freon gas destroys ozone. As a result ozone doesn't work as original function so harmful sunlight come into the Earth. Because of these phenomenon some problem is appeared like disaster increasing temperature widening desert decreasing winter animals and increasing sick people. The first result of global warming is increasing average temperature of the Earth. The ozone is destroyed by Freon gas so the hole is appeared at ozone. Through the hole strong and harmful sunlight come to the Earth. The Earth become warmer the heat doesn't get out because of atmosphere. Reason that increasing temperature is important is this phenomenon causes melting ice in Antarctic and North Pole. Therefore water level of ocean increases and land for people living decrease. The second result of global warming is widening desert. The harmful sunlight effects not only human but also plants. Especially desert area will be affected more. Therefore plants living around desert will die and desert will widen. Widening desert also cause decreasing land for people living. In addition it is possible that new desert is created. The third result of global warming is decreasing winter animals and increasing sick people. The wither animals live in cols condition. Winter migratory birds and some fishes move to cold area continuous. Some animals live in Antarctic and North Pole. Therefore if global warming becomes serious they can't live in their habitat. Amount of winter animals slowly decrease and the food chain also is destroyed. In addition humans are affected by strong harmful sunlight. Because of that new disease will be occurred and human become weak. Global warming destroys animals plants even human. If global warming is occurred recovering is almost impossible. Therefore the only one way to prevent this phenomenon is to stop to destroy nature and reducing usage of Freon gas.
