Education in Saudi Arabia Education is the major attribute in any country's development. People since the old ages were trying to learn more about everything which is inherent in them and also the need of survival. Anyhow for any country that needs to lead its citizens to generate a powerful nation it needs to have a good education system. The quality of education in any country defines its infrastructure. Saudi Arabia may not be an old country since it was founded 200 years ago but it is trying to catch up with the developed countries that have better educational system than it has. The educational system nowadays is different than it was 30 years ago. Teaching methods books technology school areas and students' number are the major points being discussed. This essay will discuss those changings and how similar and different they are. The educational system 30 years ago and nowadays has not changed in some ways. One of which are teaching methods which have not changed much from the old methods that were used. For instant the method that is used in almost every school in Saudi Arabia is males teaching males and females teaching females. The male students are separated from the female students in schools. There are not any school that have both males and females together neither teachers nor students. The Saudi Arabian educational system's is based on the importance of learning but as a country that follows the roles of the Holy Qur'an it is necessary to build that system under the Qur'an's terms and conditions. According to the Saudi Embassy 2007 because the Islam religion was started in Saudi Arabia the Saudi government uses the Qur'an as its constitution. The Islamic religion requires education for every Muslim regardless of gender. The Holy Qur'an and the Hadith the teachings and practices of prophet ANON_NAME_0 emphasize the importance of learning ANON_NAME_1 Hamed Nasser Al Liheibi University of Arkansa . The other similarity is that the education system in Saudi Arabia uses the same technique and curriculum that was used 30 years ago. That system has not changed much the facility in each school has the same order. For example each school has a manager an assistance manager and teachers. On the other hand the curriculums that are used have not changed since the system had been created. For instance the curriculum used to consist of the Holy Qur'an and the Hadith beside Science and History. These curriculums still the same as they were 30 years ago. In other words education in Saudi Arabia has not change radically the ministry of education is working to improve the education system but it does not seem to work. To put it in another way the system of education is the same from the inside but different from the outside. However the system has changed in many ways such as school areas. 30 Years ago the schools were not buildings with classes in them or not even a rented buildings. The schools back then were any places that people could learn from them. For example people used to go to mosques as their way of seeking education. There were not any places special but as their religion urge them to learn they do it anywhere possible. The mosques were the best places to learn especially that people were going there for praying five times a day. Still there were few schools in the major cities which ad the larger population. However nowadays the Ministry has build thousands of schools all aver the Kingdom. According to the Ministry of Education 2007 the goals of the Saudi educational system is to guarantee that the education will meet the religious economic and social needs of the country and to eradicate illiteracy among Saudi adults. All the Saudi Kings from the past up to now have strived to do their best to provide a high quality of education to Saudi citizens ANON_NAME_1 Hamed Nasser Al Liheibi University of Arkansa . The second difference between the present and 30 years ago is the number of students. In the past it was difficult for a person who wants to seek for education because people were busy living and working. For this reason there were not many students except for the rich people who afford spending time learning. But nowadays and because of education being the way of getting a good job and a better life it became necessary for people to be educated in order for them to get better opportunities. In addition 30 years ago the students in each school did not exceed 10 students per class. On the other hand nowadays the students are about 40 45 students per class. The third and last difference between present day and 30 years ago is the qualifications of teachers. The teachers 30 years ago were not qualified to teach because they have not earned any degree or so ever. They were just old enough and can fulfill that position so they did. In other words the facilities of schools were the older people whom knew enough about education and can read and write. However both reading and writing is not enough to become a teacher nowadays. In order for a person who is trying to become a teacher he or she has to complete a 4 year degree in college to accomplish the degree of teaching. There are different majors and specializes such as Chemistry Math and History. In conclusion education in Saudi Arabia as any other country is developing and improving. The education system is not the same as it was 30 years ago. As a Muslim community it is crucial for the people to seek for education and learning. It is true that the education has changed than it was 30 years ago but the basics are still the same and the curriculum did not differ far from the past. References Al Liheibi A. 2008 . Middle and high school students' attitudes toward physical education in Saudi Arabia. University of Arkansas ProQuest.
