The end of the Ottoman Empire The Ottoman Empire was one of the most powerful empires that represent the Arabs and Islam by six hundred years ago precisely on July 27 1299 to 29 October of 1923 . The Ottomans Empire expanded in Asia Africa and Europe. Becauce the Distinction between leaders and sultans lack of interest in some of the sultans to the people and The First World War consequently The Ottoman Empire fell in the end of thier last century . Because the distinction between sultan The KING and some of the local rulers of the central government who they tried to lengthen the period of their rule and try to establish local families. For example the Mamluks in Iraq Al Azem in Syria concerned and Alshihabaon in Lebanon ANON_NAME_0 ANON_NAME_1 in Egypt the great ANON_NAME_1 Beck in Egypt and Alaqramleon in Libya. As a result Division of the States Weakened the unity of the Ottoman Empire. The Ottoman sultans did not care about people because of their concern for greed and separation from the Ottoman government. There was no follow up to the development of civilization the interests of the people hear their needs and enforce the law among members of the community. This was the reason for weakness of the state in several aspects for example mental science military trade industry and the people became divided into two layers of the poor and the rich thieves. This led to the weakness of the country's economy and undermined the loyalty of the Ottoman citizens . The strongest reason for the weakness of the Ottoman Empire is the first world war. Ottomans tried to ally with Britain but did not succeed so they became allied with Germany and Russia France and Britain their enemy. At the outset the Germans succeeded in overcoming Russia because the Ottomans allowed them to pass through their lands. The Ottomans fought the Russians but they have lost. For several reasons mainly from the spread of the epidemic and frost sothey decided to fight east with Britain and France and let Germans fight with Rissians. The British succes in colonialisming Iraq and French from Egypt to consequently that weakened the Ottomans power. The Ottoman Empire lost the most important cities in their state and their people in 1918. The the Distinction between leaders and sultans lack of interest in some of the sultans to the people the First World War Had a clear impact in the fall of the Ottoman rule which has the conquests and civilization down in history for the past six hundred years. The last and most powerful empire was expanded by the Arab civilization and then divided the Arab countries that we see these days.
