Polluted Environment in Pittsburgh Pittsburgh one of the world's most industrialized cities in the history has been encountered with the polluted environment for more than a century. The growth of industries such as coal mine metal industry and automobiles produce sewage toxic gas and waste which significantly has affected to the environment. The consequences of these human activities have affected air water and land. At the beginning of the city bituminous coal was used to produce high quality fuel for people in Pittsburgh but it comes with carbon dioxide mercury and arsenic. Smoke pollution was the initial product of coal and few years later the city was covered by toxic air pollutants. In1960s the metal industry made it become worst with gaseous effluents. Even the coal was no longer used and the collapse of metal industry for half century the use of fossil fuel in automobiles is the greatest source of air pollution instead. These are the causes of poor human health many people in Pittsburgh area suffer from asthma and lung disease. The metal industry was also the main factor of polluted water. The manufactures released the raw sewage into the river as a result the water polluted. People had used water from the river as their own supply. Hence during 1872 to 1908 Pittsburgh became the highest typhoid fever mortality rate of any city in the USA. The life in the river had abandoned the stream. Pittsburgh started to operate the water with filtration plant yet it didn't make much changed because of discharging the sewage into the river from the manufactures and the growth of the city. Until 1980s the quality of water was substantially improved by the collapsed of the steel industry. Currently the polluted sewage is still entering the river and Pittsburgh has been considering hard about water polluted problem by improving the sewer system. The land which hardly avoided of being the final disposal place from the coal mining waste and the metal slag was polluted by acids and solvents. The groundwater has continuously been affected after the toxins dissolved into the ground and people drew it for using in household. In 1980s the nation just seriously started concerning about manufacture waste and redeveloped the brownfields abandoned industrial land that polluted by hazardous waste. However the soil and groundwater pollution are hard and cost lot of money to develop. Many brownfields still remain. Pittsburgh has a hard time to develop the environment from itself activities in the past through the present. The polluted air water and land are all of the result of human activities. Even the pure air fresh water and the fertile land couldn't be the same but from the effort of people and the collapsed of industry have made them better. Now we have to deal with the growth of city instead. To protect the environment people need to work hard and reduce the extravagant usage for environmental indissoluble improvement.
