About one year ago I came to the U. S. That was my first time I ever moved to another country in my life which was a big change for me. I had no experience of living in a very different place even though in Taiwan I frequently settled in different cities. Adjusting myself to adapt to living in America was not easy for me especially for the language and diet. First of all the language is the biggest problem for me. Before I came to the U. S. I thought I could learn and improve my English skills in a short time. However when I had lived here about three months I thought I was thoroughly wrong. I found learning English needs to take some time maybe more than five years if I want to speak English like a native speaker. Additionally I was afraid of talking with others and embarrassed to tell others to repeat what they just said. I was therefore frustrated and worrying about my future. Until now even though I have lived in the U. S. For one year sometimes I have a little fear of speaking with Americans. One good thing is that overall I am getting better than before. The other big problem is trying to accept the American diet. Honestly I have given up trying to change my diet. American diets are totally different from Chinese diets. For me American food is too salty sweet and greasy. There are many dishes which are usually made by frying. Coming to the U. S. In the first several months I was curious about every kind of American food. Unfortunately after I tried many popular foods I didn't really like them. Maybe I stayed at my country too long. So now I always bring my lunch box for lunch and have dinner at home. All dishes are Chinese food. Although preparing it takes much time I am glad to do this. Living in a place with a totally different culture is very hard. It takes a great deal of time to adjust. I should open my mind and have wisdom to adapt to the environment and come up with some remedies to overcome the language and diet differences. The effort I have being made is valuable because I am experiencing a different culture which others have not.
