ANON_NAME_0 Hisatomi 2 23 2012 Cause and Effects Paragraph Essay final draft The Impact of Meiji Restoration It is thought in general that modernization of Japan begun from 1868. In that year there was a significant political change called Meiji Restoration that the Emperor of Japan regained his power from contemporary samurai government. As a result the new era brought about enormous changes in a lot of aspects in Japan military industry and education. The first effect of Meiji Restoration was reinforcement of army. Japan needed to have a more advanced and organized military because Japan was under threat by Western powers. The Meiji government learned new system of army from the German army which was one of the strongest and best organized army in the world at the time. For example a German military teacher was invited by the Meiji government and he made the foundation of the modernized army in Japan. The second effect of Meiji Restoration was development of industry. Before Meiji Restoration the main industry of Japan was agriculture. After that the government built a lot of modernized factories such as shipyards iron smelters and silk mills. Moreover railway system and telecommunications were also started in the beginning of that period. Consequently Japan achieved astonishingly quick industrial development. The most profound effect of Meiji Restoration was introduction of compulsory education. Although Japan accomplished rapid growth elite education was the most important factor to continue the progress. The government established a compulsory education system in Japan which followed the French and American systems. Furthermore a lot of students were sent abroad by the government to learn Western cutting edge technology and political science. If they did not manage the government as leader after they came back Japanese sustainable thriving would be impossible. Modernization in army industry and education are only three out of many other effects that Meiji Restoration brought about in Japan. Even though there might be some negative aspects as a result of it the Meiji Restoration enabled Japan to stand against Western powers. Today Japan is in a period of stagnation. I think it is significant that Japanese reconsider why it is possible and how the government achieved such amazing success in the past in order to learn from it in the future.
