After I graduated from university I wanted to get a new experience and Master degree. As a result I decided to come to the US. Since I came to the US there were many things which are different from my country. However communicating with others was difficult for me to adjust to because of three reasons. First I have been in Pittsburgh for 8 months. The first month in Pittsburgh was the most difficult for me because I didn't know how to communicate with Americans well. English was an important language which I had to study but at that time I didn't take English classes at the ELI so I couldn't totally understand what native speakers said. For example when I went to a restaurant I had to go with my sister who had been here for a year. I asked her to order some food for me because I didn't know how to order. Also I couldn't understand what the server asked. In the first month I had to be with my sister all the time. Now I can go out with my friends or alone because I can understand and speak much better than in the first month. Second in my month I always used a phone to talk with others but when I came to the US I rarely used my phone to contact native speakers. It was a difficult thing to understand English without seeing their lips. To give an example I had to contact an insurance company such as Geico for getting my can insurance. I tried to avoid contacting them by phone. I always contacted them by the Internet. On the other hand if I was in my country I would contact them by phone because I could talk in my language and they would respond to me in my language. It was tough to understand people while I was using my phone. Lastly my English skills were an important thing which I think I have to adjust more in the future. Pronunciation and grammar were difficult for me because I learned English in my country a long time ago and English teachers in my country didn't correctly teach me pronunciation. When I came here I had to adjust my pronunciation a lot. For instance Thai people can't pronounce some sound such as 'v' 'sh' 'ch' 'th'. Moreover some Thais can't separate 'sh' and 'ch' sound clearly. I'm trying to improve my pronunciation for letting native speakers understand what I say. In conclusion I used to have some problems with English. English communication was difficult but it's getting better now. I can go to restaurants alone use a phone to chat with others and speak better pronunciation than before. I hope my English skills are going to be better and more natural.
