For many people adjusting to a new environment is not an easy job. If people come to a different country which has a totally different culture from theirs this is quite true. Eventually people get used to the new environment. However it is impossible for people to be the same as people who are native in the country. One of my experience as an example is language. Although I still cannot understand everything people or readings say it was terrible when I first came to the U. S. When I went to a shop a cashier asked me my zip code. However I could not catch zip and mistook code with card so I thought I was asked to show my credit card. It had taken quite a long time until I understood what I was really asked. As another example when I went to a restaurant a receptionist said she would check my coat. However I did the same misunderstanding again. At that time I mistook coat with card so I showed her my credit card. This misunderstanding is just one example of many. People in the real world and on TV use a lot of slang or expressions that are not easy for foreign people to understand. Language is one of the most difficult parts to adjust to in a new environment. Next food is another difficulty to adjust to. I had my birthday on the third day after I arrived in the U. S. My husband bought cakes but it was difficult to eat because the cakes were too sweet for us. I thought they were made by putting sugar into chocolate. This is just one example. I cannot stop seeking food that I am used to eating in my country. This shows that I cannot become the same as Americans even if I live here forever. The difference in diet brings people some trouble when people try to adjust to a new environment. Finally the difference of lifestyle also can lead to problems when people are put in a new environment. When I first came to the U. S. I felt the jobs in the U. S. Were slow. When we tried to get SSN's or health insurance it took one month. I though it would have taken less than one week if this were my country. Maybe slow life is better for people because it will be stressful if people are always in a hurry. However people often compare the difference of life style in the U. S. To one in their own countries. As long as people compare the differences they cannot be the same as Americans and they recognize that they are still strangers here. The different life styles give people difficulties to adjust to a new environment. In conclusion it is not easy for people to adjust to a new environment. People can get used to the new environment after they live there for a while. However they have experience of other lives in their native cultures. If people know another culture or have experience living in another country they still cannot become the same as the native people there.
