Vacations for students are very important during their school lives. They want to do a lot of things they have to do them like social events travel and relax and think about their future without any stress. I think students should have several short vacations throughout the year to do what they want to do for three reasons first they must be free from any stress. Second they must participate in social events. Third they want enough time to think what they want to do next. Students in universities have a huge stress because they have to study hard and have enough time for their part time job if they are working. If they study and work a lot of hours per day whole the week they will lose their minds from the huge stress. They should have enough time to relax and take rest from hard work. Students are important part in any society for many reasons like they are huge number and most of them participate in a lot of social events with their classmates or their relatives. For that they want enough time to do their jobs in these events without any stress or pressure from studying or exams. For example if the city has a big festival for the city's people and there is no vacation for students in this city the people participation in this event is not powerful because the main group students have study and this event is almost useless. Students need enough time to make their own plans. They must think carefully what they want to do and what they have to do to reach to their goals without troubles. They want to set with their families and friends and think what they should to do to improve their skills and to make their life better by choosing good decisions in the good time without any stress like exams or research papers. They should take their decisions with a clear mind and good vision to the future and take good things from the other people's experiences and stay away from bad things. In conclusion I think students must have short vacations throughout the year to decline the stress on them and participate in social events and to make their decisions with a clear mind without any trouble. That is important thing if we want them to be good members in our society.
