Education Between Today and Before Getting a degree is the basic objective for any person who wants to achieve his or her goals. The traditional way to get a degree is a school where students learn the fundamentals of language and sciences such as reading writing and computing. The concept of school is not new idea but the way of teaching has been changed since years. Moreover the change is not just for the teaching also the content which is the main difference between now and years ago. The simplicity of the content is the notable aspect of the school today. It is clearly there are major differences between the educations today and before in different sides starting from going to school ending getting the degree. However there are similarities in essentials features. One obvious similarity is the relationship between teachers and students. Teacher's role still remains as same as before so teachers have the full authority to control on class materials and students. In addition they always have the right to judge students and give them the grade that they deserve based on their performances during the whole semester. Other aspect of similarity between education today and before is the teaching tools. Books notes and boards are the same tools that have been used before. Students are still using the old tools to participate in the process of education inside class while teachers also are using boards to explain the materials for students. Furthermore the discussion is the inherent part of class whenever a student has a question just raises his or her hand to ask and then the teacher will answer the question and vise versa. There are huge differences in spite of similarities mentioned before especially after the technology entered to education system. It did the big jump inside class. Technology has accrued revolution in education system. Indeed it makes the access to any information easier and enhances the quality of information. In other words it saves a lot of time in searching and learning. Moreover technology has created unusual class virtual class which enables huge number of students to attend class via the Internet without physically attending. Now students can hand in their homework by email which was impossible before. Another major change inside class is being used electronic slides beside board to explain the materials in organized way. The computer is considered to be teacher or substitute teacher. The computer guides students and enables them to answer and receive grade for what they did Fouts 2000 The kind of courses that student must study has changed due to the development of world and the demand for the modern sciences. In fact the variety of courses was limited before so students seem to be generalist. On the other hand nowadays the old philosophy was eliminated and replaced with new philosophy that encourages students to be specialist in one filed. For example classic students can major in more than one filed such as literature mathematics and biology at the same time while modern students major in one filed. Punishing students was common in the past but it hides now. Punishing was only the way to discipline students. A new regulation was issued which prohibits punching students through teachers. Some teachers disagree with this change because it cuts some of their powers. Student should follow the rules if he or she violates the rule school can punish him or her to correct her or his behavior . Office of the Education Ombudsman 2008 . In conclusion education system has had change and it had a lot of change after technology has come and used. Also the content of courses has changed to keep pace with times. Nonetheless there are some criteria that still are as same as before such teaching tools and the relationship between students and teachers inside class. References 1 Fouts J. T 2000 . Research on Computers and Education Past Present and Future. Seattle WA. 2 Office of the Education Ombudsman 2008 . Discipline in Public Schools. Olympia WA.
