Education Between Today and 30 Years Ago Getting a degree is the basic objective for any person who wants to achieve his or her goals. The traditional way to get a degree is a school where students learn the fundamentals of language and sciences such as reading writing and computing. The concept of school is not a new idea but the way of teaching has been changed since 30 years ago. Moreover the change is not just for the teaching but also the content which is the main difference between now and years ago. The simplicity of the content is the notable aspect of the school today. It is clear there are major differences between the educations today and before from different sides starting from going to school and ending getting the degree. However there are similarities in essential features. One obvious similarity is the relationship between teachers and students. The teacher's role still remains the same as before so teachers have the full authority to control class materials and students. In addition they always have the right to judge students and give them the grade that they deserve based on their performances during the whole semester. Another aspect of similarity between education today and before is the teaching tools. Books notes and boards are the same tools that have been used before. Students are still using the old tools to participate in the process of education during class while teachers also are using boards to explain the materials for students. Furthermore the discussion is the inherent part of class whenever a student has a question he or she just raises his or her hand to ask and then the teacher will answer the question and vice versa. There are huge differences in spite of similarities mentioned before especially after the technology entered the education system. It made the big jump during class. Technology has created a revolution in the education system. Indeed it makes the access to any information easier and enhances the quality of information. In other words it saves a lot of time in searching and learning. Moreover technology has created an unusual virtual class which enables a huge number of students to attend class via the Internet without physically attending. Now students can hand in their homework by email which was impossible before. Another major change inside class is electronic slides are being used besides the board to explain the materials in the organized way. The computer is considered to be the teacher or substitute teacher. The computer guides students and enables them to answer and receive the grade for what they did Fouts 2000 . The kind of courses that student must study has changed due to the development of the world and the demand for the modern sciences. In fact the variety of courses was limited before so students seem to be generalist. On the other hand nowadays the old philosophy has been eliminated and replaced with new philosophy that encourages students to be a specialist in one field. For example classic students can major in more than one filed such as literature mathematics and biology at the same time while modern students major in one field. A stark difference is student punishment which was common in the past but it has disappeared now. Punishing was the only way to discipline students. A new regulation was issued which prohibits teachers from hitting students. Some teachers disagree with this change because it cuts some of their powers. Student should follow the rules if he or she violates the rule school can punish him or her to correct her or his behavior Office of the Education Ombudsman 2008 . In conclusion the education system has had change and it had a lot of change after technology has come and been used. Also the content of courses has changed to keep pace with the times. Nonetheless there are some criteria that still are the same as before such as teaching tools and the relationship between students and teachers inside class. I do believe some elements will still remain forever such as teachers and students. References 1 Fouts J. T 2000 . Research on Computers and Education Past Present and Future. Seattle WA Seattle Pacific University. 2 Office of the Education Ombudsman 2008 . Discipline in Public Schools. Olympia WA ANON URLPAGE.
