Primary and Secondary Education in South Korea Past and Present In the 2011 State of the Union Address President Obama applauded an education of South Korea and encouraged Americans to learn from their examples. The education of South Korea made so much progress so quickly in thirty years. Pedro Noguera a professor at New York University and director of the Metropolitan Center for Urban Education said that South Korea was not even ranked among the leading nations for its educational performance twenty years ago but today it is near the top and surpasses the U. S. On most indicators of performance. At first glance the educational systems in the past and the present in South Korea seem so different. However basic systems and philosophy of the education are not eliminated in thirty years. My article addressed how primary and secondary educational systems today in South Korea compare to educational systems thirty years ago. First of all one compared aspect between education in the past and the present is an academic year system. Since the modern educational system was established basic academic years which are six years in elementary school three years in middle school and three years in high school have not been changed. There is a certain modification in basic school days. Thirty years ago students attended school five full weekdays and half the day on Saturdays but now students attend school on Saturday once in two weeks. Although school days per year have decreased slightly both basic school year systems of the past and the present are alike. Moreover since 1979 primary education including elementary and middle school has been compulsory. At the age of six children are admitted to a school in their residential area. Students automatically advance to the next grade each years and go to middle school when they are aged twelve to fifteen. Another area of similarity between educational systems in the past and the present involves basic subjects provided in primary and secondary school. The main three subjects are Korean Math and English all of which account for a great part of school time. Other subjects are Science including Physics Biology and Chemistry Society including History Geography and Politics Music Art and Gym. The importance of each subject is revealed different as the generation went by for example English became more necessary and its class hour is also increasing because world is being more globalized than ever. On the other hand as the College Scholastic Ability Test CSAT has become more crucial to be admitted to universities Music Art and Gym which are not included in CSAT became less important than before. In spite of these specific differences the basic subjects and importance of three major subjects have not been changed. Even though the Korean government seldom modified the basic framework of the educational system from thirty years ago to nowadays it is obvious that there are some major alterations in primary and secondary education in Korea. One noticeable difference is an evolution of instructional technology. Korea is making various efforts to provide a national information infrastructure in the twenty first century. Education has also tried to parallel this improvement of technology and the progress in the adoption and use of information technology in school has been remarkable. Thirty years ago teachers used only black boards with chalk and handed out directions or assignments written on paper by their hand writing. However present teachers use computers and projectors as instructional equipment and sometimes they send emails to let their students know assignments and additional information. According to research as of 2000 there was one computer per about ten students in primary and secondary schools. By 2001 every teacher had his or her own PC and every school in Korea was connected to the Internet ANON_URLSITE_. We never imagined this improvement of school facilities thirty years ago. There is another stark difference between the present and the past schools in Korea the number of students per one class. Thirty years ago there were about sixty students in one class of primary and secondary schools as a consequence of a lack of schools and a high birth rate. Teachers had to take care of and teach too many students at one time and consequently they couldn't pay attention to each student. Conversely there are about thirty five students in one class in the present schools which is only half of the past students' number. In parallel with the growth of Korean economy the government built more schools and enhanced the importance of education on the other hand since the birth rate is decreased consistently in thirty years the number of students per one class is also decreasing. A final difference is a relationship between teachers and students in the past and the present. This relationship is quite crucial to improve students' academic achievement. If there is respect and trust between teachers and students teachers are happy to help and cheer them up and students are motivated to keep positive relationships with teachers and do their work well ANON_NAME_0 Dupper 183 . Thirty years ago students had to obey schools' rules and teachers' orders and it was allowed to inflict corporal punishment on students. The old fashioned beatings were thought to straighten out troubled students and were considered one way to control a considerable number of students in one class. However physical punishment is now not permitted in school as students' rights have improved. Some teachers feel it is very hard to control students without any corporal punishment because a study atmosphere at schools is getting worse these days. However it is also considered progress to improve educational systems in Korea. In sum the educational systems in 2012 and the 1980s in Korea both of which are alike and both of which are different are very complex. Although basic systems such as school years and subjects of primary and secondary schools have not been altered instructional facilities were changed to digital gadgets the number of students per one class has declined and the relationships between teachers and students has been changed as physical punishments disappeared in school. I think this progress has been made better educational systems than ever and anticipate a positive future of education in Korea. Works Cited Noguera P. Obama has long way to go on education reform. ANON URLSITE. CNN. 2011. Web. 22 Feb. 2012. South Korea Educational System Overview Percent Schools School and Students. ANON URLSITE. Web. 22 Feb. 2012. ANON_NAME_0 K. S. Dupper D. R. 2004 . Student Teacher Relationships. Journal of Human Behavior in the Social Environment 9 1 2 179 193.
