ANON_NAME_0 Abualghayth University of Pittsburgh English language institute Writing 5U Spring 2012 Education Today and 30 Years Ago Education is very crucial in the past present and future. Therefore education always gets a lot of attention by people. Today I am going to talk about difference between education today and 30 years ago in my country. At first glance education today bears no resemblance to 30 years ago however education has always had a lot of benefits that it generates many jobs. There are mostly a lot of differences between them. In the past education did not care about classroom. Also education was lacking of facilities that benefit the students. However education today is enhanced and developed and education today provides many facilities and amenities. So there are a lot of differences which are evident and obvious between education today and 30 years ago in my country. One obvious difference between education today and 30 years is facilities. Facilities have changed noticeably between education today and 30 years ago such as communications media furniture and electronic equipment. First communications media became an inherent part in a classroom today but communications media did not find 30 years ago. Also communications media are very fast in providing and clarifying information and it is easy access today nonetheless providing information was very slow and difficult 30 years ago. For example the teacher is using internet today to clarify a piece of information or to give an example for his student immediately however the teacher was taking a long time to explain and clarify information or to give an example and deliver it to his students 30 years ago. Many teachers in different specialties have tests inside their classroom where they are creating successful methods by using the internet to display their comments and recommendations for their students these days Rekrut 1999 . Second furniture has modified between education today and 30 years ago. Everything has been converted in the classroom such as chairs tables air conditioning and boards. For instance my uncle was writing with chalk on wooden boards for his students 30 years ago but he is writing with colored pens on a plastic board for his students now. Finally electronic equipment which is found in classroom now and did not exist previously is very easy and useful for the education. For example my big brother usually uses the projector to exhibit his lecture in the high school for his students. Another area of difference between education today and 30 years ago is the school system. Education today and 30 years ago bear no resemblance in the school system such as beginning of the school year monitoring system of grading and uniform. For instance the beginning of the school year is starting in the fall today yet it was starting at the beginning of Hijri Year 30 years ago. Another example to differentiate between them is the monitoring system of grading which is calculating cumulative grades for all years today but it was relying on the third and final year of high school. So there are big differences between them. The notable difference between education today and 30 years ago is the curriculum. The curriculums have little information and are not stable today whereas they had a lot of information and were steady 30 years ago. For instance the math book for the last year class in high school contains topics which were studied in the first class. In addition there are more subject courses 30 years ago were more than today. For instance there were 21 subject courses 30 years ago but there are 16 subject courses today. Yet another difference between education today and 30 years ago is the relationship between students and teachers. Today there are many means of communications which make students closer to their teacher easily not only in school but the in everyday such as Email Facebook and websites while they were not present 30 years ago. For example if any student missed any homework he can ask his teacher sending message by the email to him today yet he could not do those 30 years ago. Moreover means of communication are very significant to break the barriers that are between the students and teachers. An assumption emphasizes the students who participate outside the classroom with their teachers by using the means of communication have a better relationship than students who do not contact their teachers outside the classroom Dobransky Frymier 2004 . To sum up the best government deserves a great credit for an enhancement of education which has become completely different between today and 30 years ago. These differences are described in many points including utilities furniture school system and strengthening the relationship between students and teachers. So there are inappropriate between them. From my perspective those differences that have occurred in education were important to teach better now and they generated new educational ways that benefit the student today. References 1 Rekrut M. D. 1999 . Using the internet in classroom instruction A primer for teachers. Journal of Adolescent Adult Literacy 42 7 546 57. 2 Dobransky N. D Bainbridge Frymier A. 2004 . Developing teacher student relationships through out of class communication. Communication Quarterly 52 3 211.
