I've been in the U. S for 6months. Now I think I have adjusted to the U. S much better than my first time. I had heard about many things about life in the U. S when I was in Korea. Nevertheless it was very difficult to adjust to here at first. I came here last august 25th so I couldn't have enough time to prepare for living here before my school starts. I had many things to adjust to. The most difficult part was speaking on the phone with native speakers. My first time to talk with native speaker on the phone was because of IKEA. I bought my furniture in IKEA such as a desk and bed but there were not enough parts to make the desk. In fact I had not known that I had to assemble furniture by myself before I bought it. I tried my best to fix it but I couldn't do anything without the parts. I needed to call IKEA to ask about this problem. However when I called them I couldn't understand anything because they spoke too fast. I tried to call them many times but I gave up and I had to go to IKEA one more time. IKEA is very far from my home so it was a lot of work for me. My second time to talk with native speaker on the phone was Singular service center. After I purchased my furniture I got my cell phone to contact my family. I went to a store with my Taiwanese friend. We bought our cell phones and decided on our Plan. At that time I didn't know that my Plan was too expensive for me. Therefore I called my phone's service center and then asked about how to change my plan. It was just like the situation with IKEA. The service person spoke too fast for me. I told her that I was an international student and I got here just yesterday so please slow down. After that she spoke slowly but it was just in the beginning. It was hard for me even though the calling purpose was very simple thing to say because I couldn't understand what she was saying. When I came the U. S I had many difficult things to adjust to but the most part was speaking with native speakers on the phone. If I met American it wasn't too hard because I could see their face and gestures. However on the phone they didn't speak clearly and this was big problem for me.
