Women's rights are controversial issues around the world however women in both developing countries and wealthy ones are not treated equally as men. For example the United States and Saudi Arabia both of them are countries where women do not have the same rights as men. However women in United States have a status much better than women in Saudi Arabia. In comparison women in Saudi Arabia and the United States both have similarities and differences in many aspects of life. One obvious similarity is the opportunities of education. Women in Saudi Arabia have the chance to go to school from kindergarten to universities. The Saudi government spends a huge budget in the education field in order to provide education to people regardless of the gender. In 1960 women started to enroll in education as a result the number of girls was over tenfold that of the number of boys in secondary schools by 1995. In a like manner the United States offers education to women without any discrimination. For instance girls can be involved in any kind of subject such as sports and engineering the same as boys. Women in Saudi Arabia and the United States both come from cultures that put pressure on women to meet the ideal body image. As a result of the media women in Saudi Arabia are obsessed with being thin in order to be beautiful. For instance it has become prevalent that women use a cosmetic surgery or eat only diet food in order to lose weight. Likewise American society influences women to value themselves based on their appearance being thin. For example a survey was done in America shows that most of women dread of becoming fat more than dread of being dead Gimilm 2002 . In spite of these similarities of women in Saudi Arabia and women in the United States they both come from completely different societies. For instance Saudi Arabia is a conservative and religious country in which women are different from women in the United States. A stark difference has become apparent concerning the amount of freedom women from both countries have. Women in Saudi Arabia have a lack of freedom unlike women in the United States. In Saudi Arabia women have male guardianships over them and they cannot make any decisions without their permission. For instance it is illegal for a woman to travel abroad without written permission from her guardian. Conversely women in Unites States do not have a male guardianship and they have the freedom in making decision. Moreover they have their freedom rights the same as men. Other areas of differences between women in Saudi Arabia and United States involve gender in equality. The first difference is the gender equality in salary. Women get a salary as equal as men in Saudi Arabia while women in the United States get a lower salary than men. For example women who work in the field of education are not equally paid for equal work as men up to fivefold less Crothers Schmitt Hughes Lipinski Theodore Radliff Ward 2010 . In addition achieving a high political position is different from Saudis women to American women. The highest political position that Saudi women achieved is the position of deputy minster while it is challenging for Saudi women to obtain a high position. In stark contrast American women represent many political positions such as mayor council and members of congress. However American women do not gain a political the same as men for example the percentage of women in congress is only 17 Sanbonmatue 2010 . In conclusion at first glance we see there is a big difference between women in Saudi Arabia and women in the United States but we can draw a parallel between them. Women in both countries have a good education and have obsession with body care. However women's rights in the United States do not equate with women's rights in Saudi Arabia. References 1 Gimlim D. G. 2002 . Body Work. University of California Press. 4. 2 Crothers L. M. Schmitt A. S. Hughes T L. Lipinski J. Theodore L. A. Radliff Ward S. 2010 . Gender differences in salary in a female dominated profession. Gender in Management An International Journal 606. 3 Metz H. M. 1992 . Saudi Arabia A Country Study. GPO for the Library of Congress 4 Sanbonmatsu K. 2010 . Life's a party do political parties help or hinder women Harvard International Review 32 1 36.
