I have been dreaming that going to the USA would be a great experience for me. Besides I knew that living here would be a bit more difficult than in my country. Anyway I got much useful information and clues from my friends who came here before. They gave me some advice about renting a house shopping and behaviors of USA people. I can say that I didn't have many problems except the first two weeks. These two weeks were really hard for me. Before I came here I found out that one of my best friends was living here. I contacted him immediately. He picked us up from the airport. My wife and I stayed at his home for ten days. During this time I looked for a suitable and economical apartment. It was really hard for me because I couldn't speak enough to communicate with native people. It made me really nervous. I wasn't sleeping and resting. I couldn't sleep or rest for a long time . Everyday I was searching for renting houses on the internet. The houses that I found were generally very small and dirty. Some of them weren't livable. Finally before I left home for looking for an apartment I saw a renting apartment advertisement that had been published just one hour ago. The house was near to Murray Avenue and actually I was looking for a house near to this avenue. When I saw this apartment I was really impressed. It was clean large fresh and just painted. I had had the second shock when I heard the price because it was so lower than former houses. As a result I rented this one. In this way I would have passed the first big obstacle. After that I could deal the other problems. Indeed Actually I had enough info and experience about here but as long as I wouldn't communicate with people living here I would have had problems. So I focused on speaking English and listening people. I repeated everything I heard. In the meantime I had bought a TV and watched it everyday until the English Course started. It was really helpful for my listening skill. At the same time I tried to learn important places that I will need them later. I used my time logically in order to learn many places. As a result of my efforts I didn't have cultural shock or other kind of adjustment issues. I adjusted to here very quickly. When I think of my first times here I see myself admirable. Because of my efforts and experiences I solved all problems step by step. Of course I had bad times but generally I was lucky because I didn't have real big problem.
