Funny Story One day something funny happened. What happened was a friend of mine was enjoying his birthday party in his parent's house. On that time he just turned eighteen and he was really happy about it. He was thinking that now he can do all the things that he could not do before because of his parents. He wanted to travel out side of the country and before that issuing a passport. Lots of things that he was dreaming of doing and many of them had a story behind them. I was there at the party and every one was happy and strangely even my friend's parents were. It was a shock for me considering all the other parents' reaction when their kids turned eighteen. I did not give it much of thinking because I was sure that they have a good reason for that. At first I thought that this Party was like any other party but I was wrong. My friend's parents' laughs were suspicious. I was trying to listen carefully to what they say to each other so I can understand what they were hiding. What I heard was something about miscalculating and miscounting. I was thinking of many things that could make what I heard clearer or at least understandable. Then I realized that they were talking about a huge mistake. I did not believe that at first but when I started thinking about it it did make sense. I was convinced that what I heard was incorrect. It was embarrassing and funny in some ways. I did not want to make any assumptions so I figured out that in order for me to make sure of those assumptions I should talk to my friend's parents and I did. I wanted to know whether what I heard is true or not. They said that it was true but they did not know how such thing happened. I realized that I must tell my friend about it so I could save him from that embarrassment. When I got to him the damage already happen he told everyone. When he thought he was eighteen he was wrong he was only seventeen. Everyone laugh at him and even me but because my friend was a funny guy he was not embarrassed at all. Actually he started laughing with everyone else. It was a funny story that happened to my friend that he will not forget.
