ANON_NAME_0 Sometimes people have to move from one place to another either for work business medicine or education. Some people don't like to move from their home even if they have to go because of necessity like medicine. However people have to move if the case is for medicine. Usually it is difficult in the beginning but then it will be easy. Actually when I came to the US it was difficult in the beginning to adjust. To be faraway from my family was hard to me because I could not imagine that. It was not easy for me to leave my parents brothers and sisters. After I finished my bachelor degree I worked for nearly three months but I did not feel good in my job because I am really wanted to improve my English language to success in my work. Then I decided to come to the United States to study English and complete my graduate studies. My father agrees with me and he supports me to go to the United States for study. On the other hand my mother disagrees with me because she thought that it will be difficult for me but finally I convinced her. Before I went to the airport it was the hardest moment for me especially when I said bay to my mother. After that I arrived at the United States and I was thinking of my family and I want to go back to my country. It was very difficult time for me. Moreover I was afraid about living in the United States because I was not familiar with its culture and I did not know the peoples' habits there. For example I thought that they do not like foreign people and especially the people who come from the Middle East. In addition some people in my country give me a negative stereotype about how the people in the US treat Saudi Students but every thing in the United States seems to be very good and the people are very patient. In conclusion sometimes it is nice to move from the place where you grew up in and discover new places in all over the world. In my opinion it is a great experience to travel over the world especially for the places where you will find a different culture from your culture. Finally I am happy now because I can speak English also I learn different cultures by contacting different people who come from all the world.
