Center One Child Policy in China Indent One child policy in China is necessary and helpful. Most people in China must abide by the one child policy in China and most of them understand the reason and obey it but a foreigner who doesn't know the reason why the policy can't accept it. From the 1940's to the 1960's the population in China had a huge expansion without any control. During the 3 years of national diseases from 1969 to 1972 many people were not able to get enough food and some of them lived in the shortage. Solving the food problem was the most important things at that time so some experts gave the government advice about the potential hazard if we let the population increase without domination. The number of the population would become more than 3 fold of the number of the population when the new country was found. So far the population has had a high birthrate even though the one child policy has been practiced for more than 30 years. The experts assumed that the population of China is going to surpass more than 1. 5 Billion in 2010. That will cause a lot of social problems for us. For example personal space is going to be narrow. In some big cities such as Beijing and Shanghai most of the people live in high buildings with small rooms and a high rent or purchase cost. The price of the house is incredible. On the other hand the education problem made many good students no chances go to college. Building more universities and controlling the population are both urgent for Chinese to increase quality of citizens. In addition a new problem appears now that is an employment problem. Many students have graduated education and tried to find a job but the numbers of jobs which have been posted are less than the numbers of the applied. Therefore controlling the population in China is a way to help people raise their quality of life and keep the social environment stable. Maybe after 100 years the population may be lower and some families may want to have their second and third child but they may not. For all of these reasons one
