In the past century many inventions and discoveries have come to life. Some are bad inventions such as nuclear weapons and some are good inventions such as the internet. The internet has affected our life in many positive ways. This can be seen in the way we learn work and communicate. In education the Internet has brought new ways to help with the learning process. Information is now easy to find. For example if a student wants to know more about something the easiest way is to Google it and the related material will appear on the screen of the computer in less than a minute. In addition universities and schools benefit from the Internet by creating an online library that contains electronic articles and books in a variety of subjects. Thus this helps students doing their research and assignments. Another positive effect of the Internet can be seen in the way people work. Now employees can work anywhere anytime not just at their offices. For example when you do not finish your report and you have to go home by dinner time you can complete it at home and send it online by email later at night. Moreover international organizations and companies can have overseas meeting with their brunches located on another countries by having online video conferences. All these became available because of the Internet. Now people can communicate and know about their families and friends faster easier and cheaper than before. The only thing you need is to be connected to the Internet. Moreover many social network websites have been created to share all kinds of information with others such as Facebook and Twitter. Also video calls can be done online. For example the father can see and chat with his family while he in the job trip by using Skype. Hence wherever you go you can check and see your love ones in easy and fast way. In conclusion the impacts of the Internet are many and it has changed a lot of things around us. Searching for information working and social communicating have become faster and easier than before.
