Impact of Cell Phone on our Life 100 years ago we couldn't imagine using the phone on the street but nowadays we almost never see adults who are not using their cell phone. This invention is the most beneficial for humanity that has been made on last 10 years and many people prefer using this item for their life. The effects of the cell phone on our life are being able to make mobile communication to provide a variety of uses and to use it for our safety. First of all people can remove the limitation of places for communication by using the cell phone. In the past people had to stay in their home to call somebody because the phone was needed to connect with the line for getting signal and electricity. However in the present people can call everyone on the street in the school and in the bus if they can get signal to connect the cell phone. For instance when people have a car accident the cell phone enables them to get in touch with their insurance company to solve the problem on the street. If we don't have the cell phone at this moment we will feel very uncomfortable to contact with police officers and the insurance company to report the accident. Secondly the cell phone can be used for many purposes. These days people can buy various cell phones from 2G mobile phone for calling only to the smart phone for using the Internet. They can use them not only to have a conversation with friends or family by calling but also to search for the fastest route to go the destination by the Internet. These help us to keep relationship with others and to find lots of information when we need. Moreover we can take a photo and listen to music through the cell phone. If people forget to bring their cell phone in the morning they may experience some inconvenience. Thirdly the cell phone helps people to keep their safety. In my opinion the most beneficial moment to use it is to call the police when people experience crime. For example to call 911 fast is really significant to prevent shooters from making a lot of victims in a serious shooting incident. If people have the cell phone at this moment they can report crime to the police as soon as possible. Also the police officers can pursue somebody's location to find them in a kid napping crime by tracing location of the cell phone. Sometimes it is a great clue to find somebody. In the conclusion the mobile phone is a useful thing to communicate with others without limitation of the place to use it for multipurpose and to live safely. According to pass time people can see incredible advancements of the cell phone like being small size and using the Internet. I believe that the cell phone will bring us to more advantages in the future and it will be more necessary things for our life.
