Name Jay Section 4Q Date 2 28 12 Electricity Can we picture that if one day we are without electricity in our current life The answer is easily to shout out that is appalling. By far electricity is applied in anywhere. When we open our eyes how many gadgets need to consume electricity. I have a ninety nine of percent confidence to say every gadget tough. Also electricity could be quite rather than oil by car one day. Electric cars would diminish air pollution and improve milieu. First of all electricity casts an important character at night. We know that light bowl brings us brightness at night. However if light bowl is without electricity there is no light. It's obvious that when we are at outside without light in dark we cannot reach out somewhere. From a perspective of the electricity suddenly braking down in a city is appalling and spooky at night. We can hear a few citizens are yelling or screaming. Also there is no traffic light at that time. Then what a ton of cars are stuck on any roads and the traffic has totally paralyzed. That is a horrible thing. So we cannot lack electricity at night because we have to have that. Secondly without electricity there is very inconvenient in modern life. There are many electric appliances in our house. They have the same common that has been provided electricity because they are electric machines. If electric machines are electricity cut down we have to spend much time to do something by hands. That is so tiresome. The wash machine is apparently an example. Usually a wash machine takes approximately 30 minutes to make cloths be clean. Unfortunately the machine doesn't work some days because of out of electricity. We have to wash amounts of family cloths by hand. Also we have to do those actions by ourselves to soak cloths to rub cloths to scrub and to wring. Those movements are complex and inconvenient. So those appliances need electricity on duty. Otherwise to do some house workings is inopportune. Finally electricity can be fuel for cars that is more efficiency and more green. Since the crude oil index was over one hundred dollars many developed countries are seeking instead of energy for cars. Moreover emission waste gas from cars that is not only harmful of human breath system but also is causing damage for the global. Nowadays electric cars are more and more popular in the world. Also the car is consuming electricity. There are several of advantages on electric cars. No emission waste gas is from electric cars. Most of electricity is changing to energy and going thought wheels. There is not necessary to change oil for an engine. Therefore it is time to change a car which is consuming electricity is more advanced and more saved. To sum up humans certainly rely on electricity. We cannot live without electricity. Electricity is providing brightness at night. Electricity supply appliances power and make anything be easier. Green is our future because air pollution has to diminish in environment. Therefore electricity has not been lacking right now even future.
