The unexpected situation in the restroom! Only when I remember the sacrifice holiday or the pilgrim holiday do I laugh strongly!. I think not only me do I laugh but also you will grin with me in this unusual story when you figur it out!. Maybe you are wondering what the sacrifice holiday or the pilgrim holiday means so the sacrifice holiday or the pilgrim holiday is the second biggest holiday in my culture when pilgrims come annually from around the world to Makkah the holy city in Saudi Arabia. Having studied the English in the US in 2010 I could not go to Saudi Arabia to celebrate this event with my family. I was in Pittsburgh living with the hosting family helping me to prepare myself to celebrate this event here in the US. Having been in a holiday I had to buy new clothes and to do shopping. That I did not have car to go to shopping made a small problem but the American family helped me by dropping me off at the Waterfront the famous shopping area in Pittsburgh. I went with the mother and my Saudi friend and we were shopping together in that place. At the Marshell store here my story was started!. Having entered the store we walked separately and I told them that I am going to the restroom inside the store. Having been inside the men restroom I saw only one man and I went to the toilet where I locked the door. After finishing inside the toilet I tried to open the door but it did not open!. Never did I accept this embarrassing situation in my life!. I tried many times but it was really locked and seemed to me that there was a wrong in the door's lock!. I tried to find a way to crawl underneath the toilet's door or underneath the wooden walls but I did not like that because I thought the floor was dirty and that actually was disgusting!. After awhile I heard someone inside the restroom but once I called him he escaped from the bathroom! I thought that I might scared him!. Having lost all options to solve this embarrassing problem I phoned the mother she was American. What surprised me that she could not control herself and she was laughing strongly when I told her what happened for me. I did understand her situation especially that she is a woman and of course she can do nothing for me while I was stuck inside the men restroom!. Eventually she decided to ask the customer service to help me!. While I was waiting and trying to find any way to go out from this miserable place suddenly I saw a big African American guy jumped on the door of the toilet!. Terrifyingly I screamed No no no! What do you want ! . Smilingly he replied I just came to help you!. I need to reach to the door's lock from inside in order to open it for you! . The fact that he jumped on the door scared me especially that there was nobody inside the restroom but I realized he really wanted to help me. Only when he opened the door did I feel that I was totally embarrassed because I thought something different when I first looked at him. Having been outside the miserable toilet I thank the man and I apologized for misunderstanding!. Once I met my friends the saudi guy and my American friend they were laughing crazily infront of people shopping inside that store my cheeks were red because I was shy and embarrassed. I just said please guys let us leave this store now! Stop laughing please! . After awhile this story was a fascinating topic for my friends they made me a pot of joke and after that we all were laughing together remembering that moments when I was stuck inside the restroom. Every time when anyone asks me to say a joke or a funny topic I usually mention this story!. I will never forget that!. Finally I don't know whether I will face such as this embarrassing situation in my life or no in the future!.
