Coping famous designers' articles such as handbags and shoes are occurring all over the world. It is legal to sell and buy unoriginal products in Saudi Arabia and China. However this kind of business is illegal in United States and Australia. I think it should be legal to sell and buy fake famous handbags or shoes design because these kinds of products are affordable unlike the original products and allowing buying these products let the buyers fulfill their needs of luxuries. The price of famous handbag brands such LV Channel Gucci and Dior is very high. For example the lowest price of LV is 1200 which is very expensive for many people. By allowing duplicating a LV handbag with a fair quality materials but looking very similar in design people from middle and low class of the society can afford buying good looking luxuries without going on debts. Most people who own these kinds of brands are mostly the society high class and celebrities. Therefore many people adore their favorite celebrities and want to be like them in sense of fashion so they turn to what they can afford of copied fashion products. In addition some societies nowadays demands of wearing these kinds of luxuries and you may not afford it. Therefore you buy affordable fake ones that are very similar to the originals. For example in fashion carrier you may be judged by what you wear more than what you do. Therefore it is a good thing that the cheap duplicated brands are there to count on. Some people argue that producing unoriginal products consider as stealing famous designers ideas. Not taking the permission from the original designers to produce low quality products that are cheaper than the original may be needed. However many low income people could not afford buying these kinds of luxuries. Therefore fake luxuries can fulfill their needs in affordable prices. In conclusion copying famous designers' articles such as LV handbags or Gucci shoes should be legal. Thus all classes of the society can enjoy the good looking luxuries without going in debts and fulfill and satisfy their selves.
