Americans are more than 35 countries Balance between countries is one of the movements that are right now making some noise. USA is one of the countries that are promoting a lot of new ideas that becomes of the common people. But there is one that me as Latin American I want to talk about and a lot of people forget about it. The word American is a noun that we use to call a citizen or attribute of or from the United States. America as an adjective we use to call the new world one entire continent that has 3 sub continents and more than 35 countries. Use American to call the citizens of USA that refers to a whole continent is undue and offensive to the rest of the America continent. America is a continent that has more than 35 countries 10 languages and roughly 900 millions of people. When Christopher Columbus discovered it in 1492 he put the trade to his explorer friend Amerigo Vespucci to make a map of the new world and when hw finalize he use the name of Amerigo as America to call the entire continent that he had been draw traveling by boat. That means that all the Indians that were there in this moment were calling by the explorers colonizers and navigators as Americans . The history is so clear and says us that the history of the world Americans was use to call the complete continent. Furthermore the people from United States of America use America to refer their country because they are lazy thongs so the entire name is very long that they usually search short worlds to use as nick names this gave us the adjective use as Americans . When we search in the dictionary The Royal Spanish Academy recommends that should avoid the use of American to refer exclusively to the inhabitants of the United States abuse can be explained by the fact that Americans often use the abbreviated name America in English to refer to their country. Do not forget that America is the name of the whole American continent and are all that inhabit it. It is true that USA have been becoming the most powerful country of America and are the ones that have been helping a lot of countries like mine of the problems of wars and drugs. But if we want to have some day a balance between one country and another we should have equate adjectives to call the citizen of America without exclusion. In conclusion we need to respect us as a continent and stop making abuses with other countries for me as American is annoying to hear Americans only as USA and is more annoying that the people don't care about that. We need to make a change of mind and have a complete unit as a continent.
