Disadvantages of Home Schooling In the past education for children was only for people who could afford to pay tuition. However nowadays many countries set the rule about compulsory education for children. Some people insist that choosing public school or home schooling is a freedom of students. But in my opinion I disagree with home schooling because it provides students with unsystematic curriculums no chances to learn social skills and immature teaching skills by parents. First of all home schooling gives inconsistent curriculums to students. Home schooling is not a formal education system so it proceeds only with decisions by parents or children in their home. Thus education curriculums are likely to be skewed by the character or knowledge of parents under home schooling. Also there are no guidelines for home schooling according to grade levels. As everyone knows teaching methods should be differentiated by educational stage because student' ability to learn develops as they grow up and build up knowledge. However under home schooling because the instructor is usually one or two they can't offer various suitable teaching methods. Moreover there are no explicit rules to maintain consistent curriculums so instructors under home schooling can choose groundless curriculums arbitrarily. Secondly it is almost impossible for students to have a chance to learn social skills in their home. In home schooling the student group consists of only one or two children and they miss learning of growing up especially social skills through by not being able to make friends in a classroom. This is an important resource for children since human networking is a significant element to live happily and to be successful. In addition Home schooled children do not participate in group activities like sport playing class discussion or drawing pictures together. As a result they might not naturally learn how to cooperate and negotiate with others to achieve their goals through group works. Also we often say that school is a miniature community being similar to the real society since we can experience conflict argument and compromise in the classroom. If the class consists of only one or two these children will lose an opportunity to go through these essential life experiences. Some people say that students particularly smart learners can get a customized education through home schooling with various high level books or materials. I understand their assertion because public school usually offers the same level knowledge to students without considering learners' ability and then this makes smart children bored in the classroom because they've already learned the lesson. However I believe that home schooling employs ineffective teaching skills because parents usually do the teaching in home schooling. Generally they don't have the credentials or experiences to teach. Also parents can be irrational and unable to control themselves while disciplining their children from time to time. Furthermore parents who home school will experience success only by trial and error and will teach limited academic areas. In conclusion home schooling can't be used as an alternative to learning in public school because of informal curriculums poor environment to learn social skills and untrained teachers. Even though home schools have its own advantages education in public school is a product of lots of know how and experience. If we make an effort to share the positive aspects of both home schooling and public schools we would develop our education system for much more advanced learning.
