Abortion should be legal under the three months of pregnancy in cases of rape and early in a pregnancy. Many young girls get pregnant earlier and they don't want to miss her adolescence or the don't feel ready to have a baby so the final option is the abortion. Also there are many cases of rape in girls and that another factor that makes the young teenagers make and abortion. The abortion must be legal because as I say many girls don't feel prepared for a big responsibility that is a baby and in cases of rape how you can have a child that every day is going to remind you who do that to you. The girls don't want to miss their adolescence so they make the abortion. Also one issue that contributes to the decision to make the abortion is the economic problems. As a result of their pregnancy many parents stop to support their daughters so they don't have money to raise feed and take care of their babies. They are so young to become a mother and obviously they don't want to miss parties school boyfriends and many teenage things. As a result of this the baby is going to suffer because he is going to live with a mom that doesn't love him and that's not good for a child. Furthermore if you are going to make an abortion you have to do it under the three months of pregnancy because the health consequences are lower and the fetus is not developed yet. In cases of rape the abortion must be legal you don't want to remind you who do that to you. As we know unfortunately the rape is very common is our society and there are many criminals that are waiting for the correct moment to attack. So a lot of innocent girls are victims of this phenomenon and that makes them considerate the decision of an abortion. Due to they don't want to have a child that they not feel any love because they were rape and of course they don't want to have any contact with the criminal such as become a mother for her child. And is your choice if you want to have the baby of a criminal or you don't want to think about that horrible moment every day. It is unethical to kill somebody but how you can have a baby that you don't want Most of the people considerer the abortion a big crime and that's because the Catholic Church doesn't approve this issue. Kill someone is a crime but how can be a crime make an abortion under the three months of pregnancy It's just a fetus is not developed yet so technically not a human. As we mention in the last paragraph you make the choice if you want to have your baby or you don't. Furthermore the abortion never is going to be approved by society it doesn't matter if is legal or not many people hear the world abortion and they get surprised but I understand that it s difficult to accept the abortion in our society and it s more difficult that this issue become a normal thing. Also some of the people will considerer an immoral thing just talk about the idea of an abortion. This is a taboo that we have to destroy. Nobody have to force a girl to have a child if she doesn't want.
