Tax Cuts All over the world peoples struggle for a better life and try to get rid of any cause of complications. One of these struggles is calling for a tax cut. A tax cut is a decrease in the real income of the government and an increase in the real income of those whose tax rate has been lowered. Some governments insist on high taxes and allege that high taxes will improve its countries. However enforcing high taxes is not the only way to improve people's lives so tax cuts will solve people's financial problems and strengthen economy. Of course high taxes will cause some financial problems so people won't be able to make ends meet. As a result of a high rated tax loan request will be on the rise. People are going to borrow money from banks to cover their needs. Moreover poverty may be one of the consequences of high taxes. Some people will lose their homes for not being able to pay their mortgages. Therefore they will be evicted and may become homeless citizens. Another important issue is that education will be more difficult to afford. That is tuition is impossible to pay for those who are low paid citizens. Consequently ignorance and lack of education will pervade all over the country. On the other hand tax cuts will stimulate economy activity. Business people from overseas usually talk about countries with low tax rates. As a result there will be more diverse businesses. Furthermore foreigners are going to increase because of tax cuts. For example the tourism industry will flourish quickly thanks to low prices. Tourists will first think about countries that do not cost them a lot of money when they are planning to travel. In addition international students might seek universities which are really affordable. In fact there are reasons why governments impose high taxes on its peoples. First they believe the country's budget will be more sufficient. Therefore many improvements will be achieved. For instance governments will able to improve their education. As a result they will have competent students researchers and doctors since they can provide all elements of good education. Also they think that they can strengthen infrastructure by raising taxes. To put it differently mass transportation electrical grids sewers and so forth will be more effective and strong as long as governments receive their high income from high taxes. On the contrary there are still bad effects on people when applying high taxes because raising taxes will cause people to have more financial issues that will result in some complications. Finally I believe that there are other solutions for how to help people live better rather than a high rated tax. States should work on how tax rates can correspond with people's income.
