Studying Abroad Everybody looking for succeed looking for the best however the point is not I want to be a successful person but how I will be a successful person in my studying. Some people prefer studying in a foreign country on the other hand a lot of people prefer to study in their home country and they think studying in a broad has no benefit. But the fact of studying abroad has a lot of benefit because you can independent in yourself taking the best knowledge having experience. First of all how the person will be independent when someone live alone and his mother his father not with him he will face new thing without any help from his parents or some of his family. In my perspective all of these things will teach the person how to be strong face anything in the life without worries. I will end with this example one of my friends he used to ask his father about any thing will do when he came to USA he learned how to be independent. What I mean here not to don't ask your father just do what do you want do! What I want to show that when you face new things without help you will learn. Secondly taking the best knowledge from the country that you want to travel. I want to show some things when I say that I'm not trying to say that your country has not the good knowledge! Every country has a good knowledge but there are some countries have the best knowledge and I will illustrate that with this example if you study in your country and after you finished studying you want to work in an international company in your country and another person comes from a foreign country do you think who will they choose! I think they will choose the other one why because he has the best knowledge the best experience. Moreover who teach him are from the best professors in the world. Finally some people say that if you travel you won't find a lot of experience and you can find all of that in your country I understand that you can have new experience while you are living in your country. However the fact is that when you live in a foreign country you will face a lot of things without any help from your parents for example. Therefore you will learn a lot of new things while in the abroad. In closing I would like to say that traveling for studying is not just for studying and taking knowledge. You will learn a lot of things you will have experience in the life and you will independent in yourself. If you like to travel for studying you should find a good place for studying and a good university.
