Watching TV Is Helpful For Children Someday when I came from my friend's house I saw my youngest brother watching TV and my mother was arguing him to turn the TV off and do something more helpful. I went to the living room and I asked my mother to calm down she said to me my brother has been watching the TV for 2 hours. I took look to the TV and I saw that a natural program was presenting for children about animals and the natural. It is common these days our children sitting a long time with these new technologies the TV is one of the new technologies that showing a lot of programs and information. We cannot ignore the TV from our modern life but we can control what should our children watch. Many think that watching TV is bad for children but I believe that watching TV is helpful for children. Many people contend that TV causes obesity for children and they cannot control how many hours they sit and watch it. The TV some time shows some junk food advertisements and it is focused for children who under age under 10 years. A director of the obesity at children's hospitals said that the children who spend lots of time watching TV have long term consequences. Watching TV could affect fitness and obesity by displacing time which would otherwise be spent on more active pursuits. While children are sitting and watching TV they would prefer to have some candies and unhealthy food. They cannot stop thinking about the food while the TV shows the advertisements which show some candies and drinks. While it is true that TV causes overweight for children it can encourage them to do some exercises. TV programs especially cartoons can encourage children to do some activities take this following argument for example. A Child who watches a cartoon about professional soccer players with his team and wins all his games can engorge the child to train well and start playing soccer. TV can shows training cartoon programs or at least some thing that help children to start thinking about the sport or some exercises such as jumping or playing some sport. The child can see his favorite role play carton running around his house that maybe can let the childe do that also. It is widely held that TV teaches children bad words or negative behaviors. Children under age 7 years usually having trouble with choose their language and TV support them with the bad word. They take the TV words and use it in real life. Some cartoon programs teach children violence behavior in cartoon programs some time they show some parts of violence influences. They show bad parts of violence in their cartoons and it affects their life. The TV cartoons are the most high risk violent for the children. Children can't recognize the good cartoons from the bad one. To some extent it is true to say that however TV can help children learn about variety of subjects. TV can teach children crucial subjects in the child life and it can help children thinking about the future. Due to the information that TV gives the child the TV can help the child clarify some ambiguous things in the world. TV has a lot of programs and a lot of channels I believe there are some channels are created for children and educate children. We can let our children watch these channels and spend some time to discuss what they like and what they dislike. Obviously that can assist children to enhance their discussion skills and they can be educated in different fields' . In sharp contrast Children can be helped by TV to think in rational way in different satiations and be responsible for their actions. Some people claim that school who watch too much TV can have an effect on paying attention in class and they do less work in their homework. Children waste a lot of time watching TV for this reason they don't spend much time studying or preparing for a school. To illustrate this point children usually spend 6 hours in school 8 hours for sleeping 5 hours eating or social things and 5 7 hours watching TV so there is no enough time for studying. TV can disrupt their attention in school due to their thinking in TV programs. This point has some merit on the surface however children who watch educational programs can do better on reading and math than the other children. There are some educational channels create for educate children if children spend some times watching these channels they would enhance their mind with educational information. They can study sometimes with these educational programs and they can maximize their ability to study and do well in school. A study has made for children who watch educational programs on TV had higher grade in math and science than the other children who don't watch these kinds of programs. Next let us consider the reading ability that TV can gives children due to their reading the subtitles in TV. TV is very helpful for children in math because of the mathematics programs which TV shows. TV is important for children nowadays it can assist children to gain new skills. They can be encourage by TV to do some activities and sport children can love sport due to TV cartoon programs which they love. Children can increase their awareness about crucial subjects and it helps children gain discussion skills. TV can help children to know about some world subjects. TV can educate children in their school and they can do well in their classes. Reading and math are the classes that TV can be more helpful in . We can discriminate children who watch educational programs from the others. We can eliminate the normal studying time by watching educational programs for the children who are under age 8 years. We can't ignore TV nowadays in our life it has a massive impact in our children life. American Psychological Assoc. References Schoreoder K. 1996 . In brief. . Education Digest 62 1 73. American Psychological Assoc. References Schroeder K. 1998 . TV teaches violence. Education Digest 64 1 74. Fitness Wellness Children who watch TV are at higher risk of overweight raised cholesterol. 2004 August . Women's Health Weekly 49. Retrieved March 27 2012 from GenderWatch GW . Document ID 671360381 .
