Knowledge is important for people to improve their live and many people looking to continue their studying in a good place. Some students want to study in overseas but their parents reject because of caring in their son. Studying in a foreign country is better for three reasons learn a new culture dependent on student's self and has free time for his studying. The first advantage is foreign students will learn about new culture. Moreover they will visit new interesting places and they will join new festivals. For example last Saturday was the St. Patrick's Day Parade. It began as a religious holiday but has mostly become a secular day on which people celebrate Irish culture. Furthermore studying in a foreign country will give chance to students to make new friends from other countries so this will let students learn new things. For instance the students in the ELI are coming from differences cultures and students make new friends with classmates. The second advantage is Foreign students should dependent on their self. They should cook for their self and they should study alone. In addition foreign students will find solutions for their troubles with out helping so they will learn how to solve their troubles in the life. Besides foreign students will learn to be patient. They will miss their family they will miss their friends and they will miss their countries. The third advantage is foreign students will find much of free times to care about their studying. On the other hand they will not get involve with their relationship. If student has a big family he should spend a lot of time for them. Foreign students usually spend most of time with studying because they will not be busy. In conclusion most people do not like to study in overseas and some of them have concerns from that. Although there are some troubles to be student a far away from your country but these troubles will get over with time. The advantages to be foreign student are learning new culture dependent on student's self and having free time to study.
