Emina Bambur Sejdic Writing 3G Interesting Places to Visit in Montenegro Montenegro is a small Mediterranean country located in Southeastern Europe. It has a coast on the Adriatic Sea and Montenegro is bordered by Croatia Serbia and Albania. Montenegro has always been a place with many visitors. There are several interesting places to visit including the seaside central part and north side. First of all the seaside is one of the most beautiful areas in the Adriatic Sea. For example the Old City Kotor is a representative city of antique architecture. Numerous monuments old buildings and authentic squares with narrow streets have made Kotor UNESCO listed city. Also the clear and clean Adriatic Sea with many beaches of sand pebbles or stones makes the seaside unique. Then the seaside is packed with many restaurants and bars suite all lifestyles. The Old City Kotor wonderful beaches restaurants and bars make the seaside an attractive tourist destination. A second reason to visit Montenegro is because of the central part with the state capital city Podgorica. The city of Podgorica has warm weather with a lot of sunny days. In addition the museums and galleries are inevitable places to visit and learn about the authentic culture. Also Podgorica has many rivers where some people enjoy in kayaking. It is easy to conclude everyone should visit the central part of Montenegro. Finally it is time to introduce the beautiful north side of Monenegro. The north side has two national parks Biogradska Gora and Durmitor. There exist some kinds of very rare animals and plants which attract visitors world wide. Also many mountains and famous places for skiing are located in this part. A third interesting places to visit in the north side are Eco villages where tourists enjoy in fresh air walking rafting and eating local organic food prepared on the traditional way. In conclusion the north side has variety of tourist attractions. To sum up Monenegro offers many exotic places and in the seaside central part and in the north side. It is clear that Montenegro really has a lot of reasons to spark our interest in visiting.
