The methods of improving English With the development of global information modern society has been changed in different areas. More and more people realize that English plays an important role in the information transmission system which has become pervasive in our daily life and how to improve English is a serious problem for them. Three good ways to improve your English consist of reading writing and speaking. The first method to enhance your English is reading which helps you to extend your English vocabulary. For example many famous English books provide a lot of excellent words such as Gone With the Wind and The Da Vinci Code. When you enjoy an interesting story you also obtain different words from the books. Moreover you can benefit from some fashion magazines like Living and Star. Reading some English newspapers is another way to enlarge your vocabulary. USA Today and The Village Voice are good selections for your daily life. In brief it is good for you to make some progress by reading English books magazines and newspapers. Furthermore writing in English as much as you can is a significant way to help you to get a higher English level. For instance write in English when you correspond with your friends or teachers by email. As long as you practice by writing email constantly you will obtain a lot of benefits and improve your English. Similarly taking different kinds of notes in English is an effective way for a person who wants to enhance their English. Whenever you hear about any unfamiliar words just write them down on a piece of paper in English after you practice different English words you will get a big surprise by the improvement. In conclusion these are two methods of improving English by writing. Last but not least another way of promoting growth in English is speaking. For example you can contact people in English in public places such as malls buses and restaurants. If you want to buy a T shirt it is a good experience use English to ask a lot of questions like sizes colors and styles or you can bargain with the shopkeepers. In addition a great English conversation partner is also a good assistance for you to improve your English. They can be your friends teachers classmates or even strangers. Different people have different life experience and you can talk to them with a wide range of English words. Speaking in English in public places and communicating with a conversation partner are good for you to improve your English. According to these examples the way you enhance English is incorporates these three aspects of reading writing and speaking. The more you practice the more you will improve.
