The Way To Go Cultural Censorship Hye Young Min Writing 5U March 29 2012 Ai ANON_NAME_0 the outspoken dissident artist was arrested secretly by the Chinese authorities in early April 2011. Although he was released and returned to his home after about eighty days this incident provoked an international protest against irrational censorship in China Lew 2011 . Even if without this case censorship is one of the most controversial issues in the world. As crime rate goes up and some criminals have committed copycat crimes from film TV show or music cultural censorship has become an important topic which should be dealt with not only in a cultural area but also in an educational and political area. Because of this growing concern about negative influence from various media some people claim that censorship is necessary to protect our society. However I believe that censorship especially censorship in culture is ultimately infeasible because it has several problems to impose the law on cultural products and can violate the civil right of free speech. Since the U. S. Was founded Americans have had a set of rights that the constitution guarantees to as Americans. One of the most important rights written in constitution is free speech. However the meaning of the right of free speech might be understood differently according to an individual's perspective. Some people say that an individual's right end when they impinge on the safety and right of others. They argue that we have to accept that freedom of expression should have limited by establishing a strong censorship against incitement to radical hatred speech. It might be one kind of efficient ways to keep our society safely. I agree with some censorship to prevent a potential danger to the public such as Movie Rating System. Watching films which include violence and excessive sex scenes is inappropriate to children whose morality and judgement are not settled down. However basically the cultural censorship could easily violate our civil rights without an obvious danger to the safety of others. Cultural products such as films novels music or TV shows have attributed to improve the civil right as an appropriate method for a long time. Embracing a cultural diversity or criticism through these kinds of media we could have recognized our society's problems. Take the following argument for example. Study showed that Motown recording company whose albums have been focused on a black music such as hip hop rhythm and blues and soul played an important role in the racial integration of popular music by achieving a crossover success. Moreover Motown's musical eulogy to President John f. Kennedy was distributed to thousands of politicians and thus affirmed black support for Democratic Party and its legislation agenda that had included the 1964 Civil Right Act Clague 2011 . The South Korean constitution also guarantees freedom of speech press petition and assembly except behaviors or speeches in favor of the North Korean regime or communism. Even though censoring free speech about North Korea is necessary for a security of South Korea the cultural censorship also become too strict in these days. To illustrate this point think about a huge popular podcast about a political criticism in Korea Na Kkom Su. Through this show panelists have been criticized severely the Korean government and politicians. Even if many citizens agree with the panelists' opinions and support this show the government has tried to make a law to censor this kind of criticism recently by reason that this show stirs up the popular passion by spreading wrong information. However this kind of the government's reaction against a criticism could violate the civil right of free speech. Because of the situation the UN Human Rights Commission expressed concerns about South Korea's deterioration of free speech. The reason of children's violence is very complicated and argumentative issue among educationalists and parents. This is why so many people are concerning about cultural products filled with profanity violence and sex. They claim that even though freedom and the absence of censorship are noble goals they hardly ever work in the real world especially when it comes to kids and violence. There is some truth in this because we can't only rely on parents to control their kids watch on TV but also on kids to understand why violence is okay on TV but not okay in real life. To a certain extent they are right however there is also concerns about justice of a censorship standard. Several Months ago the Deliberating Council of Woman and Family Department in South Korea announced that pop music whose lyric includes the words cigarette alcohol should be banned to be broadcast on TV or radio before 10pm. Since the policy was announced people who claim to respect an artistic expression in music and parents who strongly concern their kids taken away from a harmful influence are still fighting a legal battle. Can you imagine this ridiculous happening However more important problem in this censorship is a lack of standard which cultural products would be censored or not. For example there are lots of shows and movies in which actors smoke and drink alcohol and it is truly easy to watch on TV for children. This ambiguous standard of censorship could violate not only cultural free speech but also basic molarity and justice in our society. Children can also recognize that this happening is very unreasonable. If the government doesn't provide a fairness of censorship standard in the absence of clear and present danger to the safety of kids it could affect to children worse than violent and raunchy music. Moreover study about American rap music and censorship shows that the more censorship of cultural elements associated with rap music strongly interprets this music as deviant or criminal the more it contributes to the creation of continued negative perceptions of this music Schneider 2011 . It means it is possible that censorship can reinforce negative perceptions of this music and even maximize harmful influence to children by emphasizing the dangerous meaning of this music. National Post journalist Joseph Brean introduced a new book You Can't Read This Book Censorship In An Age Of Freedom and had an interview with the author Nick Cohen. Through an interview the author said that although being activist or writer who disagree with taboos or criticize the present authorities is quite typical they have to put up with fear which can be either the censor's strength or drawback Brean 2012 . Censorship is a kind of fear which can belittle the value of the free speech. People's mouths can be shut whenever telling truth which changes the world. At the same time censorship is called as a necessary evil. Censorship is a double edged sword. Not only could it violate the civil right but it also could be an efficient way to maintain this society safely. However thinking this real contemporary life which is full of a high technology and internet we realize that we can't control numerous cultural products by censorship. Since there is lots of diverse ways to download films music or TV shows from internet censorship has an obvious limit to manipulate all of them. Therefore I believe that censorship can't be a useful method to keep our children or society from violence anymore. We need more up to date and unhackneyed solutions not a dogmatic and arbitrary censorship. Educating people how to deal with these cultural products and their influence to children such as a good sex education in elementary school might be more important way to solve this problem than censorship. References Lew Leo. Global pressure on China leads to release of Ai ANON_NAME_0. The Times London England June 2011. Web. June 2011 Clague Mark. What went on The Pre History of Motown's Politics at 45RPM. Michigan Quarterly Review. 49. 4 2010 503. Print. Schneider C. J. Culture Rap Music ''Bitch ''' and the Development of the Censorship Frame. American Behavioral Scientist 2011 55 36. Web. October 19 2010. Brean Joseph. Censorship is alive and dangerous even in the West. ANON URLSITE. National Post Mar 18 2012.
