Education in Saudi Arabia Education is one of the most important things in all the communities all over the world. Especially when we talk about developing countries which need to give more focus on its citizens' education. Saudi Arabia is one of those countries who has a huge educational system that includes schools universities and students of course. First of all schools are an important part of the Saudi educational system. In Saudi Arabia there are two types of schools. One of them is the public schools which are being built by the government. Another type is the private schools which the students have to pay fees in. In this system there are twelve grades in both the private and the public schools. The students study a verity of subjects for example chemistry physics and foreign languages. In the private schools they study extra subjects. In brief a two types of schools and twelve grades with a verity of subjects are the schools in the Saudi educational system. Second the universities are also an important part in the Saudi educational system and the government clearly shares its perspective in this field. There are thirty two universities and over 494 colleges. The government pay all the fees and it also gives the students a monthly salary. Also in all those colleges there is one preparatory year in which the student learns all the subjects that he already learned in high school but in English. To conclude free academic education in over 494 colleges is a great chance for all Saudi students. Last but not least students are the most important part of this educational system. There are a variety of students in the schools and universities with various of nationalities and ages. Even in the public schools there are a lot of Egyptians Syrians Sudanese Kuwaiti and Yemenis. In addition there are schools for the elderly people which called night schools. In contrast the male and female students are separate. There are schools for females and schools for males. That is also occurred in the universities. In conclusion there are two types of schools public and private schools. In those schools there are different students with different nationalities and ages. Also there are more than 494 colleges which provide a verity of subjects. In total the Saudi educational system is a huge system and it is on the way to be more professional.
