Learning English in the U. S. As you know English is an international language. Some people have to speak English skill for your work. However when people consider how to study English one significant thing is the place. Some people choose that stay in their country or go abroad like to the U. S. There are some positive factors and negative factors of learning English in the U. S. First of all the most important positive factor is time that is how fast you get English. If they choose going to the U. S. To study English they can speak English faster than staying in their country. For example if you live in the U. S. You have to speak English everyday at a store school in a day and night. Whenever you have to speak English. However if you still live in your country you do not have an opportunity to speak English. As you know when people want to speak foreign language the most important thing is how many times you speak that language. In addition you can make lot of friends who are from all over the world. That is a good experience for you because you can learn lot of culture custom and a personality of their countries. In your future you can go anywhere to see your friends that is a good reward of learning English in the U. S. However there several negative factors of learning English in the U. S. The first negative thing is cost. When you choose going to the U. S. You must spend much money for tuition rent and food. If you do not receive a scholarship you have to think about how to you pay the cost. Moreover you need to get used to American food. That is a big difference especially for Asian. The staple food of Asian people is rice but in America bread. For instance if you do not get used to American food you will probably get sick. Because food is one of the most important things of human's health. So you can not avoid to eat food. To sum up English could be a skill for your career. Learning English in the U. S. Is one good way of studying good English. There are many advantages and disadvantages. However in my opinion if you really want to get English skill you should go to the U. S.
