Raneem Aalakel Writing 3 g Mar 21 final draft Dubai Everyone needs to travel and see the world. Getting to know a new culture is enjoyable and especially when this culture is unexpected. The Middle East has many interesting cities like Cairo and Dubai. Dubai is an appropriate city for every tourist because it has many places to visit such as the golden beach shopping malls and Dubai's fountain. One important place people should visit is the wonderful golden beach. People can relax under the sun and sometimes they bring with them books fresh juice or ipad and enjoy it. Also many women have a chance to get a lovely tanning skin since most days in Dubai are sunny so it is easy to select any day to tan. Moreover children are in love with this place because they can play with the golden sand near their parents. It is the popular place for the kids to be laughing. The second place that all women love so much is the shopping malls. Every woman spends a lot of money there. Dubai mall is the biggest mall in the world so it is impossible to enter every single store in one day. It has many big brand names which people are looking for such as Elie Saab Boutique who is the favorite designer for Arabic women. Moreover they have another big shopping mall which is Emirates Mall. That is considered a perfect place for families because it has Ski Dubai many restaurants and a lot of shops people of every age to entertain. At the Ski Dubai people can ski in the middle of the desert. The malls in Dubai are very useful. The third place everyone should see is Dubai's fountain. It is located in front of Dubai mall. Dubai's fountain is similar to the fountain in Las Vegas but Dubai's fountain is bigger. When the fountain starts to play people hear the Arabic song one time and the other time they hear the foreign song such as Indian American and Turkish song. Sometimes people prefer to watch the fountain show when they eat dinner in the restaurants that are located next to the fountain. It includes many kinds of international food. For example Lebanese food Chinese food or Indian restaurants are available next to the fountain. These are some activities to do in the fountain. To sum up Dubai is a city that every individual should visit. There are a lot of entertainment places for families and adults. For instance some of the fabulous places that should be seen are the wonderful beach the variety of shopping centre and the dancing fountain. These are some places every family will enjoy if they go to Dubai.
