Name Faihan Alshaibny. Date 03 31 2012 Level 5U Smoking should be banned in all public places Smoking is one of the bad habits that have become a big issue in many societies. There are some factors have helped smoking to become popular around the world such as movies advertisements for some types of smoke and the lack of health education about smoking and its bad affect on our lives. In fact smoking has become popular more than the last few decades. World Health Organization recent statistics show this more than 33 of the world population are smokers. This big proportion indicates many things but the most important aspects we should look at and think about are people's health and the environment. It is very well known that smoking in public areas has many negative affects on both smokers and nonsmokers not only does smoking affect people's health it affects the environment as well. Actually I'm not against becoming smoker or smoking its self everyone manages his her life in the way that he she likes. However I do not agree with the idea of smoking in public places nonsmokers especially children do not deserve to acquire some health problems form being smoked around them. Nowadays many people especially smokers argue that smokers should be allowed to smoke in public areas they don't just argue that they encourage smokers to smoke in some public places such as beaches parks malls and around schools. These people support their idea and justify what they are saying by giving many reasons. First of all they say that when they smoke in the close places they do not fell comfortable. In another words they enjoy smoking in the places where people can look at them while they smoke. They say when they smoke around people they can see themselves different from others. Also they add this smoking in the open areas does not make them fell sick or affect their health as affect as smoking in closed places. For example smoking inside a house helps the smoke to accumulate inside the house as a result they can get sick or fell breath shortness. Therefore smoking in non closed area is much better than smoking inside a room or a house. Public areas are founded for all people classes in societies men and women young and elders riche and poor people. Therefore everyone should try his her best to keep those places clear and clean at the same time. Since everyone is allowed to use those places in my opinion people should try to avoid doing some habits that bother the others. Smoking is one of these habits it is difficult for many people to tolerate being in areas with the smell of smoked cigarettes either because they are allergic to smoke or they just hate it. Smoking is a main cause for many diseases such as lung cancer asthma coronary artery diseases. Many people around the world are killed because of smoking every six seconds one person die because of some diseases are related to smoking about 35 of heart problems and respiratory diseases are related to smoking 2011 WHO . Smoking should be banned in all public areas without any exceptions. It should be banned for many different reasons. First of all health hazards smoking in an area affects people's health in that area including nonsmokers. Recent medical studies show that people who expose to smoking are affect more than smokers themselves. A clear relationship between smoking and asthma in early childhood when parents smoke around their children that's might cause asthma happening for their children Vork Broadwin. Developing asthma in children from exposure to secondhand smoke. Environment Health Perspective Oct 2007 . Another reason is environmental issues it is difficult to clean and collect left cigarettes from some public places such as parks streets and beaches. People who work to clean streets and beaches always complain form those left cigarettes. They say that they are able to clean all items left on beaches by using some machines but cigarettes can not be cleaned easily because they stuck and go inside the sand and there is no way pick them up by using those machines. People usually like to go to beaches and do some outdoor activities there such as playing soccer and volleyball or even lying under the sun beside beaches but since it is difficult to remove left cigarettes around beach of course their health negatively will affect form those cigarettes hiding in the sand. In conclusion people have to make their own decisions and to draw their life style. No one is able to prevent people from what they want to do if it does not affect other's lives and do not put others in troubles. Smoking habit is one of the things that people can take their decisions about. They can chose to be either smokers or nonsmokers but if they choses to be smokers they should remember that there is another group of people chose to be nonsmokers. That means they should respect that group of people by avoid smoking in the public places and not affecting their lives.
