Dragons The human imagination does not have limits. Since the time in which people lived in caverns the human mind was dreaming with many things behind reality because in this way the human mind was able to explain the nature. In this context many myths have been created and with them many magic creatures were arising. These mythical animals play significant roles in oral stories books and movies. For example the dragons are important characters in a lot of stories. Authors like Tolkien have used this figure. Tolkien in The Hobbit used a big dragon which was protecting the dwarf's stolen treasure to make the lead character a hero. Also today dragons have become popular in the big screen. One of the most beautiful movies with a dragon as a principal character was Heart of Dragon. There are three main reasons for which dragons are the most popular mythical creatures that have existed. The first reason is that dragons evoke in us feelings like fear fascination or respect. This is because the figure of the dragon is related with power. These animals are huge creatures. This statement can be affirmed when somebody looks at illustrations of dragons. Usually in the pictures the dragon's size is bigger than the human's. Also these creatures are strong in all the stories. The ability to flying is another characteristic related with the power maybe because it is a creature that can be in a higher position than a human. These elements can remind us feelings such as fear and fascination. On the other hand dragons are also involved with the knowledge of the world such as astronomy mathematics literature. This other aspect that is close to the sciences evokes respect. These elements attract people's attention. Another factor that makes the dragons popular is that their bodies are made of different animal body parts such as dinosaurs crocodiles snakes and bats. Many of the animals that are involved in the building of the dragons' bodies are strange and mysterious animals and this element attracts people's attention. People love dinosaurs and they are represented in dragons' bodies. Also dragon's wings are similar like the bat's wing. So the mixture between lizards and mammals are something that really sparks people's interest. The third factor that makes dragons popular is that really nobody knows if they were real or not. The fact that many stories with dragons existed plants doubt in the human's brains. Some stories are real. For instance in the past in Indonesia Komodo Island was used like a prison in which the most dangerous criminals were left. The idea was that the dragons fed on them. Today people named the dragons that live on that island Komodo Dragons. These extraordinary lizards can grow three meters are really strong and they have an amazing characteristic. The Komodo Dragon's mouth is a rich bacterium ecosystem in which grows a huge diversity of microorganisms such as E. Coli Staphylococcus sp. Proteus morgana and P. Mirabilis1. This kind of dragon instead of shooting fire from its mouth bites with a huge amount of microorganisms that infect prey. This animal is one of the real dragons that exist in the world. In brief dragons are a mythic element that people love. They play an important role in many of the most famous stories. One reason of these creatures have had success is that they put in the human minds the feelings of fear and respect. However not all the stories are fiction because some dragons live in our world. The Komodo dragon is one of them. These wonderful mythic or real creatures will be present in many stories in the future. Looking this it is evident why this magic creature can amaze people easily.
