How to Make a Major Purchase Before you make a major purchase such as buying a computer there are several things you should consider and make some preparations such as collecting information analyzing comparing and then making a decision to choose a suitable computer for you. Before you purchase a computer you should decide what kind of computer you need how much money you want to spend and finally how to select a place to buy it. Let me give you more details about these things. The first thing you should consider before making the decision to buy a computer is deciding what kind of computer you need. There are several questions you can ask yourself. Where will you use it mainly at home in class even while traveling What it will be used for such as word processing scientific computing or leisure and entertainment A different purpose usually leads to different requirements of the computer. What performance capacity speed do you need the computer to have Do you want a desktop laptop or notebook Which size do you want large screen or small screen Also one very important thing is what kind of operating system will be installed on the computer. After thinking about these questions you will have a rough idea of what kind computer you really want to buy. The second thing you should think about is that how much money you are able to spend. The reason of thinking about this question is based on that the price of desktop will be cheaper than that of laptop for the same performance computer. The price of notebook computer will be higher than the desktop. Do you have enough money to buy a high end computer or does your budget just allow for an ordinary computer If the money is not a problem then you will have many more choices. However if your budget is limited you will be restricted to it there will not be so many choices. You should find a balance between what you want and what you can get. Also one important thing you should consider is the total cost ownership of a computer when you think about the budget. When you compare the buying price the initial price you should also consider the costs of repairing and replacement. Take an example a higher initial price of a high end computer will be balanced by adding more likely repair costs and more trend replacement to the buying cost of a cheaper one. The last thing but not the least important is selecting a place to buy it. Do you go to buy it yourself or just buy it on the Internet and have it shipped to you You should find a reputable retailer or store a retailer or a store with good reputation usually provides quality products and good service. Otherwise you might be in trouble. You should collect some information analyze and then make a decision to choose a suitable place for you. You can compare the different retailers or stores. You should think comprehensively. For example you can compare the performance price and services especially after sales services. You may ask several questions such as what kind services they will have for the computer usually the services may include the part of producers and the part of retailers what is the guarantee terms for the computer is there any technology supporting when your computer break down When you make a major purchase
