Being a Successful Language Student in the ELI ELI students have a big challenge in improving their English. Each of them may find the best method for being a successful language student. However due to the wrong plan some students might wander from the challenge. Success in learning English depends on their effort and they should make an effective plan. They can be successful students in the ELI by making full use of three factors making a native friend taking notes and signing up for the ELI activities. First ELI students should make a native friend who they can talk with more than two hours per week. When you give up self consciousness you can find a native friend easily. You don't have to worry about your English level because your English will improve gradually. When you are amiable and give a good impression your partner can talk with you continuously. If your partner has a common interest your meeting might become more effective. You may try to find a common interest and keep on having a conversation. Second ELI students should take notes while they are listening and attending their classes. If you review your notes every day after the class you can memorize them for a longer period of time. Unless reviewing your notes you might forget new words and idioms easily. Also while you are watching movies or listening to the news you should strive to take notes without captions to disturb your listening. I suggest that you purchase your favorite DVDs. Your listening will be improving when you watch them without captions. Even though you study English in the ELI your English can't develop without your effort. Finally ELI students should sign up for ELI activities such as volunteering and cultural language exchange program. Volunteer experiences can be a great opportunities for improving your English. For example when you become a volunteer in the nursing home you might meet several people who want to talk with you. Several volunteer centers might welcome you to sign up for their program. Also you should sign up for the cultural language exchange program in the ELI. Just you want to study American culture native students of the university want to study your culture. Before meeting your cultural partner you should remember that this activity is not only your chance for improving English. You should keep a balance of time with your partner. When you and your partner have an equal opportunity to learn each other's culture your meeting will succeed. In conclusion ELI students must make the best use of three important factors making a native friend taking notes and signing up for the ELI activities if they have an expectation about learning English. When you strive to study English to the best of your ability you will find satisfaction in the ELI. Of course you will also become a successful language student.
