The methods of improving academic writing With the development of global information modern society has been changed in different areas. More and more people realize that English plays an important role in the information transmission system which has become pervasive in our daily life. How to improve English especially academic English writing is a serious problem for most of people. In my view three good ways to improve academic writing consist of considerable vocabulary daily notes taking and public speaking practice. The first method to enhance your English is to read as much as you can which helps you to extend your English vocabulary. For example many famous English books provide a lot of excellent words such as Gone With the Wind and The Da Vinci Code. When you enjoy an interesting story you also obtain amount of fabulous words from the books. Moreover you can benefit from some fashion magazines like Living and Star. Reading some English newspapers is another way to enlarge your vocabulary. USA Today and The Village Voice are two irresistable choices for your daily life. In brief it is good for you to make some progresses by reading English books magazines and newspapers. Furthermore taking some English notes and writing in English as much as you can is a crucial way to help you get a higher English level. For instance you should write in English when correspond with your friends or teachers by email. As long as you practice by writing English email constantly you will recognize to write in English naturally. Similarly taking different kinds of notes in English is an effective way for a person who wants to enhance their English. Last but not least another incredible way of promoting growth in writing English is speaking. For example you can communicate with people in public places such as malls bus and restaurants. If you want to buy a T shirt it is a good experience use English to ask a lot of questions like sizes colors and styles or you can bargain with the shopkeepers. In addition a good conversation partner is also good for you to improve your English. They can be your friends teachers or even strangers. According to these examples the way you enhance writing English is incorporates these three aspects of vocabulary notes taking and speaking. The more you practice the more you will improve.
