I have studied TOEFL to start a master's program. When I write an essay I feel my idea is lacking every time. To acquire more idea I should learn more vocabulary. I also have a trouble with structure. When I am done with writing I can see wrong place. To improve my writing I will focus on three aspects Ideas structure and vocabulary. First I will plan to read many books and magazines to think about more ideas in various fields. When I write on the TOEFL essay I spend a lot of time on thinking about the idea. Usually most of the topics are those that I have never thought about. I think that is the reason why I need a lot of time. To reduce time I am going to think about many topics and I will choose one topic a day to practice brain storm. I think this way is helpful to get more ideas on free writing. To write a good structure I need to read many reading materials which have a good structure. I think if I read many well structured essay I can think more logical. For example when I did not study at ELI writing class I do not know how to write an essay I just wrote without introduction body and conclusion. It doesn't make sense without structure. Although I wrote the essay I do not know what I want to say. But now I learned about structure and read good essays. After I learned about structure when I read an essay I can also think about the structure and then I can adopt the good structured essay as a sample when I practice writing. A well structured essay looks like logical. Therefore structure is one of most important thing in the academic writing. Furthermore after I think about ideas and structure I felt my vocabulary level is too low. I can see I repeat a same word. To avoid repeat a same word when I searching a word that I do not know I started to searching synonyms. It is so much helpful to improve vocabulary level. Academic writing requires logical ideas structure and high level of Vocabulary. To have these three aspects I will focus these things when I write an essay. I also look forward to improve my essay level after ELI classes!
