Have you ever dreamed to be a famous person in the world I always have this dream and I've made the best effort since my childhood. However I noticed a very important fact when I was in a medical school in Japan. I am not good at English writing! An English writing skills is necessary to make a big success in the future. Therefore I want to improve my English writing ability. First I have to apply to the graduate schools in the U. S. In order to have a good education and valuable master degree. Of course when I apply I have to hand in TOEFL score to the school. Writing section in TOEFL requires a very high level. One of my friends said that he felt difficulty especially in writing in TOEFL. However I want to go over it and get a high score. This surely makes my result good and gives me an advantage when I apply. Second even after entering the graduation school in the U. S. I will be required high skills of writing. This is because I have to write many formal letters to professors! How to write formal letter is completely different from how to write to my friends. We should take care of a resister of the words and choose the best words. I have to remember the basic form of formal letter also. It gives professors my good impression and it becomes easy for me to get enough fund and environment for my research. Finally after all these procedures I can publish my paper and articles by myself. However even in this stage writing skills are still required. Of course I should make a good research but it is not enough. I have to submit the result in English! No one translates for me. I have to do by myself. It is necessary for me to explain the result logically in English. If I shouldn't be good at writing in English how good researches I make never make sense. For these three reasons getting high score in TOEFL writing a formal letters and publish my paper and articles in English I strongly want to improve my English writing ability. I am sure that the efforts to do lead me to a big success in the future.
