Many students try and are still trying to use a lot of learning strategies. Some of them have succeeded and the others have failed. As we know learning strategies are depending on the field in which you study For example if you study at law school you have to read a lot of books however if you study at engineering school you should work a lot in your projects. In this essay I will introduce my strategies on how to be a successful language learner by using these strategies reviewing the class work in your home writing the new vocabularies and their definitions focusing during the class asking your teacher or your classmate if you don't understand any point doing a great number of exercises reviewing your test homework mistakes and try to correct them. The first strategy is to preview the class work at home. Actually you might read the lesson before you go to your class. That will help you to focus on the difficult points and understand them much better than if you go without preparing before the class. Don't forget to put some marks next to some points that you feel they are important or maybe they needs more focusing during the class. The second strategy is to write the new vocabulary and their definitions. Also it's a good idea to write one example sentence which will help you to remember the difficult words. Then study and go over them from time to time. This continuous review will help you to remember the vocabulary when you speak. The third strategy is you should focus during the class. Never think about anything else. So you will know which points your teacher is focusing in by observing your teacher words such as watch the different between st. And st. Else be careful when you see this. Also the teacher sometimes explains some points and gives explanations much better than the book. Next reviewing after the class work will help you saving the information in your mind. Another strategy is to ask your teacher or your classmate if you don't understand some point. Remember never delay to ask because you will not remember until the time of test. Ask him or her to give you some examples or explanations for points that you have difficulty understanding it. Ask him to explain it in another way. One of the important strategies is to do a great number of exercises especially grammar class. If you do this you will find yourself much better off in the subject. In addition this strategy will help you to know which points do you have difficult with. Then you should work to improve your self. For example if you find yourself have a difficult with Past Participle then try to read the grammar again and do some solving exercises and try to solve your test again. The Final strategy review your test and homework mistakes and try to correct them. This strategy is one of the important strategies that a majority of students are careless with. This strategy will help you to know where you have mistakes. Next review your corrected answers before your next test. These strategies come from my experience and I have found them very useful. From my experience my English grammar was improving by doing a lot of exercises. Any way you may find some of them will be more helpful to you more than the others. However try to do some of them and keep going on doing them you will see yourself better in your grades and knowledge.
