Find and evaluate sources on the WWW These days most people often first use the internet to search for information rather than using books or articles. The reason is that it is easy to access a lot of information even the newest source regardless of a place and it can reduce costs and time compare with other methods. However there are inaccurate incredible things in internet as much as a lot of reliable information. In addition these incredible things are becoming more and more increased for every year. It's important to have your own methods to find and evaluate information on the WWW World Wide Web . You can find appropriate information and get a help to discover your own methods by using to following methods know your purpose and choose a search engine decide effective keywords for searching reasonable information and confirm a source and an author. The first step in finding information you want is to know your purpose and choose which search engine you will use. In other words you should know what the goal for finding information is and what kinds of field information you want relate to. The result you will have may different depending on your purpose and a search engine. Once you decide your purpose you need to choose a search engine. Many search engines have their own features. Each engine is different in the way it organizes results how results are detailed and involved and quantities of results. Therefore you can choose a search engine to match your purpose. For example if you want to find many kinds of information in a non professional field you can use Google or Yahoo but if you want to get information more involved you can find things like academic papers on the site specialized in some field. The following step is to decide keywords to put in a search window. It also leads to different results depending on what words you will select and how to combine words. When you decide keywords you have to consider length of sentences. It is the best to use only words because the longer a sentence is the smaller results are. Also you should choose keywords which represent contents you want to find. Sometimes you may put your keyword and a name of the field into the window together for getting an obvious result. If keywords are ambiguous or commonly used in various fields you might not get information which you want. Preparing keywords also will help find information even rare. Various keywords could be a just keyword that order changed or a thing that other words added or a different name. For getting better information the most important step is to evaluate sources. There are much useless and deceive information on the WWW. This writing focuses on reliability of information. The way to find credible sources is to confirm a rooted source and an author. If you put your keyword and clicked a 'start' button after former steps were done you would have a lot of result ANON_NAME_0. You should select a few sites of them because it's impossible to review all ANON_NAME_0. In general it is good to choose several sites of the top list for arranging them by order the most matched to the keywords. Remove your list in turn by confirming whether it has a rooted source and an author or not and if it has whether the rooted source and an author are reliable or not. You could know about reliability of an author by checking his background or resume. If it is an admitted academic paper you can easily find his background. Internet is a special tool and has many merits as aspects of cost and time. However it sometimes happens to people taking a longer time to find some information that expectation resulting from inaccurate and deceive information overflowed. Through this method you will achieve to find information which you want and it will help you collect good things. However this method is a just basic. Therefore you will have to more think of other methods to find and evaluate sources and develop your owns.
