Everyone have many goals in this life. And a good person working to achieve this goals . My best goal is completing my study because I want to be useful person in this world . That did not happen unless I learn and complete my education. But where I can complete my study. I hopeful completing that in the U. S. I want that for several reason improving my English choosing the best universities in the world and getting experience beside my studies. The first step to make decision is improving my English to be a good speaker writer and researcher. Initially I should learn english because all American universities require English marks in TOFEL or IELTS. For instance when I think to study in any area or university I need to understand everything what the professor says. Moreover I have to write the important point from the lecture. Then I can improve my English by studying in English language institute for cable moths. For example in America a lot of international student. And they want to study here. So this case many universities opened English as a second language ESL for them. After I study English I practice with native speakers to understand when the doctor of university talk. For instance more people who come in America in the first time not understand a lot of word because the American accent is very different from their English accent. So they need to speak with native speaker to get used to it. As soon as I develop my English skills I start academic program. These are first reason to decide to complete my studying in U. S. The second reason to make me study in U. S is choosing the most famous universities in the world. Initially I should study In a good quality of university because I want to get a best chance in the work. For example when I graduate form university and get degree I need to work in a good universities in my country. In addition when I provide to promote of course the administration of my department accept me. Then I need to search in some universities that my country recommend it. For example before I provide to any university I have to ask my advisor about it. Next I should find some universities those strong in my major. For instance I search in some magazine and website about what universities is the best in my major. Furthermore I have to ask my friends my teachers and some students who work in my area. So if I follow this steps I can study in most famous universities. The third reason for making decision is getting experience beside my studies. Most students come in the U. S to get experience beside their studies to improve their knowledge and skills. For example the students who want to study in medicine they should stay sometime in the hospital with a doctor and show some patients. That will helpful students who want to complete their studies in the U. S. So I hopeful my decision be correct to acquire many chance. Such as improving my English choosing the best universities in the world and getting experience beside my studies. And I hope to achieve this goal as soon as possible. I recommend each person to study in the U. S because it is the best country In education. And it is includes a lot of universities.
