Moving to a different place Moving to a different place was the most difficult decision that I have ever made. Although I lived in the capital city of my country with my small family I was extremely bored of living in a crowded city and a noisy neighbourhood. A busy life style affected me thus I decided with my husband to move to a new city where we could live peacefully and at the same time where the business was growing. In order to make my family move to the new place in a very easy and comfortable way I had to find a job buy a new house and register my kids in a school that provides good education. The initial step that I made was to find a convenient career that offered better wages. Since I hold a master degree and many years of teaching experiences I looked for a position that is suitable for my qualifications. I sent my job application to the University to teach as a full time lecturer. After three weeks the coordinator of the human resources contacted me and assigned a day for an interview. As the employment committee interviewed me I signed the contract for the new job. Even though the working hours were more that I used to work before the salary increased 30 than the previous job. Once I had found a great job that would support my family I searched for a new house. My husband and I decided to buy a new house rather that to rent one. Initially we signed up at a famous website which provided us with the best houses. Second we consulted an agent at a real estate office. Then we placed an announcement in a local newspaper about the features of the house we were looking for. As soon as we advertised in the newspaper we received many calls and e mails from owners who wanted to sell their properties. By doing the previous steps we saved time and energy. Finally as we bought the house we looked for schools for our kids. I consulted one of my friends who worked at the Ministry of Education. She gave me the names of four schools where three of them are so close to my new house. She recommended a private one that has highly qualified teachers who were capable to deliver an intensive curriculum. Since I believe that education is the real investment I decided to register my kids in that school. I my friends' advice helped me a lot to select a great school for my kids. Although moving to another city is a demanding job many arrangements should be followed to make the transfer an easy process. Thus I feel that the steps I followed to move to another city which were finding a job to support my family buying a house to protect them selecting a suitable school where high standards of education were offered had reduced the affects of the movement on my family
