Be a Successful Language Student Learning a new language is always difficult. Different students have different purposes for learning a new language and different students make use of different ways to learn. If we know some right ways we can get unexpected progress. I have three important suggestions about how to become a successful language student setting your long term goals clearly in your heart improve your learning style and make use of the resources around you. First of all it is important to know your long term goals for learning a language. Some students want to pass the language test for school or work while others are only interested in learning language. You set both the long term goals and short term goals you should be divided several the short term goals because if your short term failed you will feel so frustrated but you know your long term goals you will be give up. You can self talk I can do it . You can build your confidence again. Then you can keep up with doing. The second suggestion is to compare your own learning style because people learn in different ways. Someone has to see it to believe it and others prefer to listen first. Someone takes notes someone highlight in their notebooks. Others like to discuss in small groups . If you know your learning style you can find which is advantage or unadvantage for your learning language so you can improve your weakness. Then you can improve your learning efficiency. The final important thing is using your environment. For example anywhere you can find practice opportunity such as watching Tv shopping and taking bus etc. You can find many native speakers around you. You should try to communicate with them. You will get more practice opportunities. That is important and useful approach to language learning. I believe it is hard to grasp a new language. You will feel more confident in being a successful language learner when you keep trying and improving. So I think if you pay attation these points you can get unexpected efficiency.
