Being a Successful ELI Student It's not easy for me to learn another language not owns. I have two children who I must take care of at home. My husbands waits while I prepare dinner. My babies want me to play with them. I have no time to study at home. How can I be a successful ELI student under like this situation I can do this not skipping class going over your text book before and after the class and making efficient use of your living environment. An important first thing is not to skip class. If you often skip class you might have more trouble to follow the course. Of course your children can be sick. The children's school might be closed by heavy snow. So sometimes it seems unavoidable to skip class in an emergency. Even so make an effort not to skip class. Consider a counterplan when your children's school is closed. To give an example you can find a neighbor to look after them. Another strategy is to go over your text book before and after class. It's very useful to preview the text book that will be learned in advance. If you went over it you can understand what the teachers say more easily. To go over it you might need to make time when you can be alone. You can ask some helps to be alone to your family. Even if it's a small amount of time every day review what you learned after school. In addition to this make efficient use of your living environment. May be you don't have enough time to read news or magazines. But you can read the picture book which your children see letters from your children's school. May be you can't join a group outside of class like a movie group or a sports group. But you can talk with your children's teachers or with mom's of their classmates. While you are in the museum or the science center with your children you can see a iot of sentences about many kinds of fields. Don't neglect that you see ordinary times. Don't be afraid of studying. Also don't make an excuse because of prparents who have to take care of children. By not not skipping class going over your text book and making efficient use of your living environment you can be a good ELI student.
