Choosing My Career When I entered my college my parents chose marketing as my major although I was interested in interior design because they did not think I had potential capacity to achieve any goals in arts field. At that time as a high school student I could not have enough experiences to make my own decision. Even after I graduated from my college it still took several years to figure out what kind of job I really excite to do. I had three different jobs which were the financial trainer the life insurance agent and the education consultant. Each of them built up my working experiences and I finally found what kind of job I really like. My first position was a financial trainer working in a financial consulting company. Initially the manager asked me to train new employees about international currency exchange markets because I took that course in overseas' institution. At this stage I prepared my lesions and taught to 15 20 employees which helped me to use what I learned in school to real work. I enjoyed teaching and doing research in finance. Mean while I learned how to work nicely with others and how to interview new confidents. After a while I felt upset when I saw the customers who had lost their investment which made me feel guilty. I think I am not a risk taker. So I quit the job even the salary was really attractive to me. After my first job I concluded that I enjoyed working with customers and wanted to learn more about customer relationships. Then I looked for jobs in financial areas and found my second job which was a life insurance agent in Metlife. As soon as I got my insurance licence I started to talk my friends into buying life insurances. At the beginning I did not feel any pressure about my job. Until I ran out of all my resources and had to visit strangers I was stuck. I noticed that I could not jump over the barrier to sell insurance to strangers. My third job was working as a education agent. It was not difficult for me to work with customers because I had already have plenty of experiences about customer relationships. My goal is to provide my clients the most professional services to create my reputations. Finally I worked successfully and got promotion to be the manager of my department. After working at different jobs I accumulated my capacity to achieve my goal. At the same time I realized my weakness and my strength. The most important is that I believe I need work for learning and reputation but not for earning which helped me to make decision to find my career.
