Moving to united states . Making a decision is the most important things in the life . Making a decision does not need to be under stress however making a decision need to do some steps . When I made the decision I was focus on three steps talking with my father asking my brother the motivation of learning English . The first step was to talk with my father . To talk with my father there are some steps . First I was looking for an appropriate time because I can not talk with when he comes back from the work or when he in mood . Second do what he wants from me and I have to be good with anyone so I can talk with him because sometimes when I be in mood I do not like to talk with in body . Next the good method is to sit and talk with him so I can know if I will go to united states or not . Fortunately the conversation was good . After the conversation was good I can go to next step . Second step was to call my brother and ask him a few questions about united states and Pittsburgh . First of all the first question was about the weather in Pittsburgh so I can bring some clothes to united states . His answer was you have to bring the summer and the winter clothes because in the summer the weather is hot and in the winter the weather is very cold . Then I asked him about the transportations in Pittsburgh . For example how you can go and come back to your home or school . Unfortunately his answer was you can go and come back by bus but the problem was there is not any bus in his area . Next I asked him about the life in Pittsburgh . For example the life in Pittsburgh is fast or slow and cheap or expensive something like that . He said the in Pittsburgh cheapest than any city and the life is slow and there are nothings to do . The most important things that I came for it is the motivation of learning English so I made the decision for it . There were a lot of steps to do . First my target was to look for I good environment . A good environment can help you to life well without any stress . Second I looked for a good school . With a good school you can improve you English fast and it give you all the recourses for learning English such as good teachers . Third the motivation of learning English was to get into a university and I still looking for a university . To make a decision you have to take some steps so I made a decision by talking with my father asking my brother and the motivation of learning English . My decision was good because talking was my father was positive asking my brother was good and the motivation of learning English until now is good so I am happy by making this decision .
