How to Manage Time as a Student We would have a lot of tasks as a student at the same time in our student life. However it's minimum requirements to spend enjoyable student life and gain wonderful life in our future. For instance I have to implement studying English my nursing career and housework at the same time. So I started using the time management in my daily life after I came here. I think that we can achieve our objectives by using effective time management. In other words success of students is essential to manage time effectively such as arrangement of schedule order of priorities and environment. An important first point of effective time management is to arrange a potential schedule. Don't get trapped into doing too much. When I started studying English at school I was frustrated because I strived to improve my English skill as soon as possible to earn a nursing certification. And I also strived to prepare three meals a day and keep our house clean. At that time as effective time management I decided to study English only at school and I only did homework at home to save time for housework. Even though I understood that I have to study English more and more to improve my English skill as soon as possible. And then I spend surplus time to do housework. Effect of this is that I could concentrate on class to study English at school and I felt satisfaction by completing housework. That is to say that using effective time management is linked to psychic control. The second point of effective time management is to define priorities. Use lists to set priorities and measure progress. Defining priorities is important to arrange a potential schedule that I said before because we should arrange what I have to do first to achieve our objectives as soon as possible. For instance in my case is 1 to accommodate in American life. If I comprehended the American supermarket I could cut down time to spend shopping. Also if I accustomed the American kitchen I could cut down time to spend cooking. In my case is 2 to study English. If I could speak English well I would converse a lot of people who are from another country and gain important information in American life. Also improving my English skill would lead me to earning a nursing certification. In my case is 3 to do housework. Cooking is one of my hobbies. If I had enough cooking time I would spend enjoyable American life. I arrange a longterm list year goal and a shortterm list weekly goal under this priorities. I assessed and measured progress every weekend because I can realize what I mistaken my list to modify the list for next week. For instance I made extra time by accustoming American life so I started studying American nursing exam. Effect of this is that I made extra time by using effective time management and advance next step. The final point of effective time management is to avoid distraction and lack of focus. Find a quiet place to study. For example we would go to a library because we should make quiet environment to concentrate our work. I think that family a television and a telephone are all way of avoiding work. If a TV was near my studying room I might watch TV. Also If I stayed with my family they might talk to me. Another example I was orderly my desk before I started studying. If I needed something to study I could find papers textbooks and dictionary. And also I could concentrate to study by using orderly my desk. Effective of this is to be time management more effectively. As the proverb goes time is precious. We can't buy time. However we must gain wonderful time we can't buy on money by using our time effectively. Effective time management is essential to be our time effectively. I think that time management in student life is first phase. In other words we would use effective time management in our life after we started the work even after we retired the work to spend our life effectively.
