CENTER Studying in the US is better than studying in Thailand INDENT Thousands of students around the world enter the United States to study each year as well as student from Thailand. Although there are many schools around the world the United States is still the most popular destination of students. In my opinion I have three main reasons to support this phenomenon. To begin with students prefer studying in the United States because of English communication. Students now realize that having better English help them get better job and higher income. Moreover English is considered to be an international language. So with better English they have more job opportunities to work domestically or oversea than those who do not. If they study in the total English environment in the United States they English skills will be greatly improved. In contrast studying in Thailand students do not have much change to speak and write in English so their language skills are hardly to improve. The second reason students want to study in the US is that the quality of education in the US is somewhat higher than that of Thailand. For example most textbooks used in most classes are written by American professors and widely accepted by most of American universities. In addition some course syllabuses are adapted from courses taught in the US. Moreover the well known universities in the world are all in the US. Moreover the universities in the US have more variety than Thai university does. Some specific degrees are not available in Thailand. Beside English preparation and educational quality diversity is another reason that attracts students around the world. They can learn new aspects from international classmates in order to make use to the difference. For example in an MBA class Thai student can discuss about how business goes in Japan from this Japanese friends which make him easily do business in Japan in future. In contrary if studying in Thailand students cannot make international connections so they need to strive harder if they want to do business internationally. In conclusion Thai student want to study in the United States because of English communication world class education and networking. It is not surprising that thousands of Thais go to the United States to study each year.
