Avoiding deprission is crucial for everybody these days. It is very difficult once anybody have it because of its side effect. According to the Longman Dictioary deprission is a medical condition that makes you very unhappy and ancxious and often prevents you from living a normal life. So from this deffinition it is clear how this feeling is difficult to have and why people are very careful to avoide it while it is very common these days as life is getting more complicated. Depression has many symptoms on the person who has it it affects the person's life feelings and the whole life in a negative way. Living under alot of pressure which means deprission is painful because it turns the person's life upside down. It extremely affects the life's system. The person who suffers from this medical condition would not be able to sleep well he or she might suffer from Insomina as they can not stop thinking about their concerns. They will face a difficulty to go to bed early or even to sleep during the night and that will make them unable to live their normal lives in the day. Also this medical condition affects the person's desire for food as they feel tired and lazy after the long night thinking of their worries. Regaring to that they might lose weight which change their appearance to a paile person just like if they are sick. This also makes them get sick easily as their amune system will be weaker. In addition this medical condition drives the people who have crazy and exhusted because they will face many negative conditions which makes them forget their appearance. They will look different forexample their faces will look tired and they will not have any desire to take care of their bodeis sometimes. It controls the person's life completely till he or she becomes a different person. They will not be able to get rid of it if they do not treat it in earlier stage. It will be vey difficult to get over it even with a doctor because it controls the people's thought and they might be agressive. So at this point they will need to use a cure and to go throgh many steps to get out of this circle by a helping from a doctor because they even can not think clearly. In conclusion it is not easy to stay away from depression in the recent years as concerns have become complicated but people have to be aware of it as its side effect can destroy the whole life. People have to find ways to avoide this conditions before they engage in it without knowing that it attracs them.
