Ancient Aliens which is an American television series premiered on April 20 2010 on the History channel Produced by Prometheus Entertainment. The executive producer of Ancient Aliens is Kevin Burns who also directed and wrote the pilot episode. The episode is talking about the creepiest most mysteries places on the Earth which is called place of evil five of which is mentioned in this show. Mt. Fuji in which an Aokigahara forest suicide forest is found is the first place of evils. It is considered a holly place where countless people have gone to die. The forest is thought to be the door to another dimension world we can't see called the world of heaven. 2002 Is the time when 78 bodies were found dead within the forest. The second place called Mountain of the Dead in Russia is the strangest one. On Feb 1959 when a group of nine hikers who never showed up were found 10 day later dead it seems that the hikers died by unknown force. A third place which is most fearful place is known as Black Mountain in Australia. First disappearance was in 1987 when local citizen believe that the rainbow serpent is behind disappearance of people. The fourth place of evils is Valley of Death in Siberia. In 1936 mysterious metal objects which are located deep underground called cauldrons act as radioactive defense system underground. Valley of the Dead is where there are unexplained deaths and illnesses are attributed to possible underground alien base. Fifth place is Waste Isolation Pilots Plant WIPP in Mexico where U. S department of energy disposed of transuranic radioactive waste for 10 000 years. Computer projection estimate that walls insulting the geological nuclear box going to collapse by toxic radiation. It is considered place of evil that will cause series illness and even death1000 years from now. Finally the exist of these places clear evidence of extraterrestrial activity 1000 of years ago it might be protecting us fighting us or lead to negative energy in earth's Evil places.
