Avoiding deprission is crucial for everybody these days it is very common among all ages. It is very difficult once anybody have it because of its side effect. According to the Longman Dictioary deprission is a medical condition that makes you very unhappy and ancxious and often prevents you from living a normal life. From this deffinition it is clear how this feeling is difficult to have and why people are very careful to avoide it while it is very esy to get it these days as life is getting more complicated. Depression has many symptoms on the people who have it it affects the their lives and feelings in a negative way. Living under alot of pressure which causes deprission is painful and harmful because it turns the people lives upside down. It extremely affects the their lives system. In addition people who suffer from this medical condition would not be able to sleep well might suffer from Insomina as they can not stop thinking about their concerns. They will face a difficulty to go to bed early or even to sleep during the night and that will make them unable to live their normal lives during the day. Also this medical condition affects the people's desire for food as they are ancxious most of the time. Similarly they feel tired and lazy in the day as their habit to think about their worries all night long. Regaring to that they might lose weight which changes their appearance to a paile person just like if they are sick. This also makes them get sick easily as their amune system will be weaker. In addition this medical condition drives the people who have crazy and exhusted because they will face many negative conditions which make them forget their appearance and have a big changes in their moods. They will look different forexample their faces will look tired and they will not have any desire to take care of their bodeis sometimes. It controls the people lives completely till theyr become a different people. They will not be able to get rid of it if they do not treat it in earlier stages. It will be vey difficult to get over it even with a doctor because it controls the people's thought and they might even be agressive. So at this point they will need to use a cure and to go throgh many steps to get out of this circle by help from a doctor because they even can not think clearly. In conclusion it is not easy for people to stay away from depression recently as concerns have become complicated these days but they have to be aware of it as its side effect can destroy the whole life. People have to find ways to avoide this medical condition to enjoy a normal life instead of wasting their opprtunity suffring from its negative side.
