After World War II Europe was the center of important developments in filmmaking which strongly influenced motion pictures worldwide. In Italy well known movies started a trend towards realism in film one of which was Rossellini's Open City made in 1945. Another film was De Sica's The Bicycle Thief made in 1948. These directors most of whom preferred not to use artificial stories to spice up plots for entertainment took their cameras into the streets wanting to make films which showed the real difficulties of life in the years after the war. In the next decades Federico Fellini an outstanding director combined realistic plots with philosophical ideas. His films are now classics. His most famous film is La Strada which is a movie that seems to be about circus people in the streets but really is about the meaning of life. In France a group of young filmmakers called the New Wave appeared during the 1950s. Their focus was people. This group developed a new kind of film which stressed psychology instead of plot and featured new camera and acting techniques many of which can be seen in movies such as Truffaut's 400 Blows. In England another group of filmmakers known as the Angry Young Man movement developed a new kind of realism. In Sweden Ingmar Bergman used simple stories and fables to look at complex philosophical and social topics Some of which are expertly explored in The Seventh Seal. The Spaniard Luis Bunuel portrayed social injustices. His impressive film Viridiana made him famous. Postwar developments in filmmaking did not take place only in Western Europe. There was significant influence from Asian filmmakers like Satyajit Ray. His movie Pather Panchali showed us life on the subcontinent of Asia and became well known. Even in Russia where filmmaking was under state control it was possible to make movies like The Cranes Are Flying which shows the problems which individuals suffered. In summary after World War II there were types of movies on the scene telling different kinds of stories all of which were made by new filmmakers who were from around the world.
