Sadness everybody in this life will face things that makes him happy or sad. Moreover it depends that thing from someone to another in another world if some one get from a competition 10 000 and makes him happy and makes him feel that he is the best. However if someone won the sam amount of money but didn't make him happy because he will give that money to the bank. The first one will travel and enjoy his time but the other one won't have any benefit unless will pay for the bank because he took a loan before. Therefor sometimes we can se the distinct between two things and we can judge if that make the person feel sad or not for example being unhealthy won't makes you feel happy also being not wealthy also being a friend or a family member to a dead person. If someone live all his life healthy and feel very good he she can do his her things easily without helping any body without needing any body. Whatever he wants to do he could having fun travel alone. Enjoy the all life! By the time he doesn't feel good and he felt that he has a problem. So he went to the doctor after he checked his body the doctor find out that the person has a CANCER! What do you think that person will feel at this moment of his life First of all will think about a lot of things what about if he will be able to continue his life what about if he will live or die many questions will appear and many things will make his life worst. About the wealth I believe everybody will agree with me that the money is not everything in this life. However I believe also it does make the person happy or sad sometimes. Will explain how is that happen! Take an example if some one live in community whom have everything they need. They ride the best luxury cars everyone has his own room sleeping comfortable. On the other hand that person who live in a small hous with his big family sleeping with his four siblings eating just a one meal and sometimes doesn't eat. These stress things will make the persone feel bad and sometimes drive the person to coment suiside. The last point is if you have a good friend or someone if your family memeber who is dead and he she was all the time with you espcialy if he she the same age. One day you wake up and you can't see her you would like just to talk with her as usually but you can't! For example if someone has a wife or someone has a husband and dead. She was doing the breakfast but now no body here! What do you think that persone will feel the rest of his her day I don't think will be happy or his mood will improve. However by the time may be will forget! At the concloding I would like to say that the life is not good also not bad. I bwliwve that whenever you miss something you will get another thing which is give you the feeling of equality.
