organ transplantation Indent Organ transplantation is one of the most important medical discoveries in the last century because it helps many people regain their life. In the past when someone was suffering from kidney heart lung and stomach problems they had limited cure options. Sometimes they took medication for limited time then they died but these days patients have more opportunities. In addition patients who suffer from these diseases look for a donor who agrees to give one of his organs to the patient. This situation is very difficult because most of the time the organs are taken from a person who had a car accident and especially the healthy person who die suddenly in a car accident or in other causes. For example my friend's father was suffering from kidney complications and he needed an immediate kidney transplant. His family went through a lot trying to find a donor and they offered to pay money to the donor. They thought that they will not be able to succeed but in less than a month we heard that a young man who we knew very well die in a car accident and their parents offer to give his kidney to my friend's father. It was a difficult moment for both families. Then a moment of joy for the donor family who are able to see their father again it felt like one person dies in order to rescue another person's life and that is how the life cycle continues. I think that every person who is able to rescue another person's life should do the best he can. Of course this decision requires wisdom and knowledge because in a matter of a few hours the doctors must perform the surgery which includes two surgeries one for the donor and another for the sick patient. We should mention that there are continuous advances in the field of transplantation and these day s it is easier than before. Moreover organ transplant has some consequences such as the body may reject the organ or the donor's blood doesn't much the patient's blood. In addition patients usually go through a lot of lab work and radiological testing in order to do this surgery. The patient and the donor should have matching tissue typing results in order for the transplant to succeed. Still organ transplantation is an important discovery because it has saved many lives and helped others to decrease their Paine also it offers better life for sick patients who have after this surgery a opportunity to come back to their normal life style
