Soul mate For bees flowers are the fountains of life for flowers bees are the messengers of love. Likewise for people soul mates are the treasure of happiness. When more and more people are pursuing happiness in their life they are also seeking a person who is considerate reliable and supportive by the side. Maybe it is easy to find a friend who has in common but it is difficult to look for a soul mate that you can meet at the right place at the right time and at the right situation. If I can define I would like to say the definition of a soul mate is someone who fills your heart with love and happiness. No matter who you are and what you do they always cherish you like a treasure. Also no matter what happens in your life they are always there to cheer you up and make your heart smile. By the time I found that my parents were soul mates for each other I had always believed that soul mates were just living in people's imagination and spirit. When I was a little girl I was really curious about the complex relationship between my parents. My father was a doctor which was a popular career in that period. But mother had never been to school and couldn't write any Chinese words because she came from a poor family. When my mother told me that she had never seen my father before the day they got married I thought it was incredible and ridiculous. I could not imagine how can they get married when they even didn't see and know each other. As I grew up I began to believe there were always some magical things happened in our life which gave us hope and belief. My parents have sustained their marriage for thirty years. They barely had quarrels or conflicts no matter what happened in their life. They can understand each other through a glance and without any words. I realize that any sweet oaths and passion are not the vital factors in relationship and life. Once you meet a person whose heartbeat can match your heartbeat who's always by your side to support you and take care of you you will obtain the treasure of happiness.
