Mechanical Lower Back Pain Causes and Treatment Mechanical lower back pain is soreness at the lower part of the back. This soreness has a relationship with the prolonged bad forward sitting posture. This prolonged sitting with the back in a forward bending posture may in turn overstretch the back soft tissues muscles ligaments and tendons . This overstretching may stimulate nervous system which will via the brain send a back pain massage to the back in order to make the person straighten or decrease the forward bending posture which in turn relaxes or decreases the pressure on the back soft tissues . Unfortunately this biological mechanism may not last forever. Thus physical professionals such as physical therapists and physiatrists invent special instructions techniques and devices which may eventually help in decreasing bad posture and back pain. First instructions are advice which may be given by a physical therapist to direct the patient towards the correct more normal erect posture. So instructions about normal setting standing and lying posture may be given . At the same time an explanation about the back exercise program and how it works or the relationship between the prolonged bad sitting posture and back pain may be described . For example instructions may be given regarding decreasing sitting time to 45 minutes with an interval resting time of abut 10 minutes By this method the time in a forward overstretching posture decreases so the stress on the back soft tissues decreases too and the pain may lessen . Furthermore sitting on a high chair or writing on a faraway table may automatically make the sufferer bend his back forward to a dangerous forward bending posture. By a physical therapist instructions The sufferer can figure out the relationship between the back pain and his way of sitting which is eventually modified to a normal height of chair and a table close to his body which is the ideal sitting way in the office. Second techniques are the exercises given to correct bad posture . For example physical therapist may teach the patient to do ten repetitions of an over erected posture with ten seconds holding that posture every repetition then he may relax . This exercise can be practiced at the time of rest after 45 minutes of continuous sitting for instance. On the other hand some back strengthening exercises may be given to build up the tone of the back muscles which is the ability or tendency of the muscles to contract continuously in low level without fatigue. So the sufferer back tends to be more erect still not proved scientifically . Last devices are the materials provided in order to correct bad posture. For example a lumbar's roll which is a small round device made from sponge and usually strapped to the chair at the lumbar area the lower part of the back. It might keep the back straight and also tape can be used by sticking specific length of tape to cover the back vertebrae from just below the neck to the end of the lumbar . This tape works as a reminder whenever the sufferer bends to the forward bending posture the tape at his back will stretch reminding him to not go further . In conclusion bad posture can lead to mechanical lower back pain . And by using these methods instructions techniques and devices
