We all have seen chains of rings in some magic shows. Sometimes the change of emotions is just like a chain of rings such as sadness which is defined as the state of feeling sad . Some people who have sad times recover from them very soon while others keep staying sad. However maybe they never realize that just like rings are connected to each other sadness may causes another sadness if you keep being sad. First of all always being sad may make you lose your confidence. People would not be successful if they were not confident. Thus it will cause another sadness when they fail in something. For instance I have a Chinese friend who is poor at writing. So every time we had to write he felt very sad because he thought he would get a low score again. With this negative implication in his mind he didn't have any confidence to improve his writing skill. Therefore he just gave up thinking and got a low score in the end and then he became more and more unconfident. It's really a negative cycle isn't it Moreover sadness may cause health problems. Always being sad is a kind of mental problem. Patients who have this mental problem never smile because they can only see the negative aspects of one thing all the time. However an article in a Chinese newspaper also shows that mental problems are easy to cause physical problems because once a person has many negative emotions their immunities will be decreased a lot. That means sadness will not only affect people's mental health but also make people have physical problems. It will become the biggest sadness if we lose our health. For example my grandma once was told that she had a cancer when I was 15. She was sent to the hospital and had an operation. After the operation my grandma was optimistic and never thought about the harms of the cancer. However the woman who stayed next to her was very sad and never went out to meet the sunshine. Nowadays my grandma has become very healthy and the disease never hurt her while the other woman is still staying in the hospital. Last but not the least sadness may sometimes lead to bad relationships with others. Which kind of people would you like to talk with a person who always smiles or a person who carries a sad face all the time The answer is obvious. If you don't have opportunities to communicate with others how can you learn about others and become friends with them Can you imagine a person without friends Isolation loneliness and no place to release pressure and concerns how sad the person is. In short it is true and horrible that sadness can lead to more sadness just like a chain of rings. It can make you become unconfident have bad effects on your health and ruin your relationships with others. So please give up the sad chain of rings and make a happy chain of rings .
