The human feeling is a mix of emotions such as sadness and happiness. Sadness as in Longman Dictionary is the state of feeling sad unhappiness . When someone feels sad that means something unpleasant has happened. Therefor the sadness has many causes to happen such as accidents and disasters disease or sickness and failure. First accidents and disaster cause a lot of sadness in the person who encounters them in his life. Every year accidents kill thousands of people and cause catastrophic effects on the environment. In fact environmental accidents are the most common in the world. For example the tsunami which occurred in Indonesia and Japan roughly three years ago killed a lot of people and caused a huge damage in many countries. Of course it was one of the sadness causes in the world. Also September 11 is monumental day for the entire world especially the USA. This day has affected negatively on all people around the world. There are many causes of sadness that happen due to natural or human accidents. Second disease or sickness affects directly on the person who have them. Actually if any person infected with dangerous diseases he would feel sadness. There are a lot of dangerous diseases such as cancer and alcoholism. I know someone who had a cancer. He did not eat any more and felt sad all the time. Unfortunately these diseases cause harmful effects on the person who is infected either emotionally or physically. Third one the most significant reasons of sadness is failure whether in studying or business. The failure in studying may scare a lot of students. Thus they feel sad until their grads showed. After that they will be happy and enjoy their vacation without any sadness that means they are carefree. One day when I was a child I felt sad because I had had math exam but one day after I was very happy because I got A. In conclusion sad feelings comes from one or more of these cause such as accidents and disaster diseases and failure. Obviously sadness reflects a bad image on a person who has one of these causes of sadness so he cannot be successful in his life. At any circumstances every one should be smile in spite of all sad events.
