Feeling down is a normal reaction from time to time but nobody wants to be sad lonely or depressed for his her whole life. According to the Long Man Dictionary depression is a medical condition that makes you very unhappy and anxious and prevent you from living a normal life . The most significant causes of depression are no relationships a new location and no job and lack of money. First of all the most important cause of depression is no relationships. People who do not have relations or friends to talk with might have serious and obvious depression. For example people who lost their families due to car accident or person who feels down because of their partner misunderstand or they lost the trust between them. Those people will be sad all the time and they will feel loneliness. A second factor of depression is a new location. Moving to new place new city or town new house and new job or school make you unhappy and sad and you don't have an interest in doing anything. For example you do not want to meet or socialize with new people and you prefer to stay at home all the time watching TV or sleeping because you don't want to face the new life and maybe you are afraid of the failure in doing anything or you are afraid of the rejection from the new people and new job and new environment. Moreover the happy moment for you when you go back home or when you call your friends back home. I remember my younger brother when he came with me to the U. S he was happy and excited at the beginning but after few weeks he started to stay at home most the time. He didn't has friends because he is not speaking English and until now he feels of loneliness and hopeless and he is missing my mother and his old friends. Also he is counting the days of going back home. A third factor of depression is no job. If you have your degree with high level of education and you cannot achieve your target as a result of lack of money and no job. You feel hopeless and have low self esteem especially if you spend a lot of time looking for a job and you did not find one. Also when you don't have a job you will not have a money and it's embarrassing to ask for money from your family every time to support you but if you have a job you can participate in the community you will be independent also you will have the money to support your life. For example you can get married and you can open house and you can buy life necessities such as food water clothing and education if you have a job. In conclusion there are several factors for depression such as no relationships new location and no job or lack of money. But you should be always positive and hopeful. Try to meet new people and make new friends don't stay at home whole day and night alone and for nothing. When you move to a new place always try to choose place that is safe and make you feel happy and relaxed with all the facilities. Also when you look for a job and if you didn't find the suitable one don't be upset and don't give up until you find the appropriate one for you. Life is beautiful but some time is difficult don't let anything make you feel sad or unhappy.
