Everybody in this life will face things that make him happy or sad. Moreover depends that things from one person to another in other words if someone gets from a competition 10 000 that makes him happy and makes him feel that he is the best. However if someone else won the same amount of money but it didn't make him happy because he will give that money to the bank. The first one will travel and enjoy his time but the other one won't have any benefit unless will pay for the bank because he took a loan before. Therefore sometimes we can see the distinction between two things and we can judge if that makes the person feel sad or not. For example being unhealthy won't make you feel happy neither will being poor or having a friend or a family member who passed away. If someone lives all his life healthy and feels very good he she can do his her things easily without helping any body or without needing any body. Whatever he wants to do he could having fun travel alone. Enjoy the all life! By the time he doesn't feel good and he felt that he has a problem. So he went to the doctor after he checked his body the doctor find out that the person has a CANCER! What do you think that person will feel at this moment of his life First of all will think about a lot of things what about if he will be able to continue his life what about if he will live or die many questions will appear and many things will make his life worse. About the wealth I believe everybody will agree with me that the money is not everything in this life. However I believe it does make the person happy or sad sometimes. Will explain how that happens! Take an example if someone lives in community whom have everything they need they ride the best luxury cars everyone has his own room sleeping comfortable. On the other hand that person who lives in a small house with his big family sleep with his four siblings eat just a one meal and sometimes doesn't eat. He will feel bad and sometimes drive the person to commit suicide. The last point is if you have a good friend or someone in your family is pass away and he she was all the time with you especially if he she was the same age. One day you wake up and you can't see her you would like just to talk with her as usual but you can't! For example if someone has a wife or someone has a husband and that husband or wife passed away. She was all the time together doing the same thing sometimes together but now nobody here! What do you think that person will feel the rest of his her day I don't think he she will be happy or his mood will improve. However in time maybe he she will forget! At the conclusion I would like to say that the life is equal for everybody. Therefore is not necessary if you have a lot of money that means you are happy maybe you have a lot of money but your child is sick and you can't help him to be normal with all of your money. At this moment you will say that's the benefit of these money! I believe that whenever you miss something you will get another thing which is give you the feeling of equality
