This article talks about water safety. The World Health Organization said that people made successful efforts to make water clean and safe and the number of people who are still using polluted water decreased a lot from 1990. However it doesn't mean that the improved water can be drunk safely especially in some poor areas. According to a report many improved water didn't show well in a safety test and the number of people who had used safe water is much lower than we estimated before. However although their estimate is inaccurate it still implies that we should have better understanding in manage the safety of drinking water and it also shows that improving water safety can reduce preventable deaths and save productivity . There are many global challenges in improving safe water. First it is hard to make formal water quality tests because there is no suitable test that can be use in different developing countries. Also even improved sources can make water safe there are still many pollutions if pipes or wells are damaged. And people cannot get both continuous technical and financial support to run improvements safely. Additionally since many people transport water into drinking water from outside pipes to their homes tests have to be made in their homes which is more difficult and can be a burden to people. Since it needs high technology to get and keep water samples and developing countries are not capable to do it it is difficult to do bacterial tests in some developing countries. Nowadays groups are trying to find a way which can be afforded and used easily to test water. Aquatest a possible solution developed by gundry and his colleagues may need more evaluation before it becomes to an official solution. Gundry and others hope that water safety will be the first main target after the 2015 MDG. Although improved measurement of water sources have delivered safe water supplies to more people the preventable deaths caused by unsafe water are still too many. Finally it shows that water safety is strongly related to sanitation. Sanitation could be a big threat and may be cannot meet the target by 2015. Also some experts think it takes too long to make water improvements it should be quicker.
