Dear Mr. ANON_NAME_0 As I am a pulmonary rehabilitation therapist I was thrilled to find that the respiratory department has position for pulmonary rehabilitation therapist. I believe I am an excellent match for your requirements which you will discover once viewing my resume. When I was in the collage I was always interested in respiratory physical therapy subjects and my grades in the subjects of cardiac physical therapy and pulmonary physical therapy were always above average. Many of my courses and research activities in the final year were in the field of respiratory physical therapy. With this high level of interest I moved to pulmonary rehabilitation under respiratory therapy services in king ANON_NAME_1 medical city. I have gained extensive experience in my specialty since I worked at this medical city. Starting as a pulmonary rehabilitation therapist in 2008 I worked closely with several physiotherapists which allowed me to see and understand many aspects of the department. Some of which includes pre post major thoracic and abdominal surgery chest injuries rehabilitation after surgery and taking care of the outpatients presented with chronic respiratory impairment. At one stage I was taking full responsibility of both outpatient and inpatient pulmonary rehabilitation. This responsibility included dealing with a variety of chronic pulmonary patients to keep their quality of life up to the maximum. It also included minimizing hospital admission for the patients by preventing many respiratory complications in the post thoracic and major upper abdominal surgery. Concerning professional experience two yours ago I worked as part time tutor at king Abdul Aziz University. This experience helps me to build up my diminutive stature. Additionally have a clear vision of taking my skills to a professional level as physical therapist. I look forward to my future goals with great anticipation and know that the time has finally come for me to realize my dreams. As considering myself to be a creative and motivated individual I am confident that I can be the best candidate for the position. Furthermore I have attached my resume as well as detailed information about my academic records and I would certainly be happy to send you any additional materials you may require. Thank you for your time and I look forward to meeting you at your earliest convenience. Sincerely Monira Aldhahi
