Nowadays in a period of deep job shortage anxiety is the most common and relevant psychological problem people have. A complex combination of negative emotions like fear apprehension and concern anxiety is often accompanied by physical sensations like palpitations chest pain short breath and nausea. The potential motivating factors of anxiety can be manifold health problems family problems personal problems and economical problems. The first cause that can provoke an anxious state is represented by health problems the discovery of a disease or a delicate state of health has as a consequence the arising of a mental distress. For example a mother of 2 kids is diagnosed with cancer. Consequently if she has not a strong character a sensation of fear and anxiety could win the day on her. Another cause of anxiety could be personal problems. The premature death of a family member or a close friend could affect a person with a fragile character in a worrisome situation. For example I had a friend who passed away after a hard fighting against cancer when she was only 20. Her premature death created different emotional states among which the anxiety that forced their marriage. Finally they divorced. Similarly due to having a son with problems of attention deficit or hyperactivity disorder families can plunge into disastrous behavior. These kinds of problems require a particular attention of the parents and the majority of the times they are not so strong to pander their children's requests. Several assistance centers exist to avoid falling down of these families into desperate situations. Furthermore economic problems may affect one's emotional state and cause anxiety. For instance the lack of the money in face of a big purchase like a house or having an unstable job with the risk of being fired are the most common situations that people are living in these days. In Italy for example there are a lot of cases where several entrepreneurs committed suicide because banks denied them loans in whom provoking an anxious state. In conclusion anxiety has become a widespread and serious issue in our society. Its causes health personal or economical problems may be perceived as insurmountable obstacles obviously and unfortunately they are becoming more and more common.
