WHO has achieved a goal which is bringing improved water to two billion people . This achievement was to gain a universal human right about clean water and sanitation. The article explains that 800 people still relied on unimproved water sources. They faced another challenge which make their target farther away than improved water which is the improved water is not always safe . This result was taken from a test was applied in five countries . The researches also explain that in 2012 28 of the population because of the use of the unsafe water . So they need to manage the water safety and work on it as much as they worked in the improved water . Unclean water according to the article cause a lot of infections and diseases especially for children and the amount of children's death is very high. The article also mentions that these diseases affect the economic growth. The environmentalists work to decide which test can help to make a better water sources . They also think about the maintained of this sources. The UNESF work on that and they need the technical and the financial support to keep on the program. They work on new pipes but still they can not test the sources because it is difficult to test each home. They finally hope to have pipes near to home . To focus more in safety rather than improved sources they also have to do tests on the drinking water but this is very difficult in the poor country where there is no light and the labs are away from them. The U. N. WHO UNICEF are starting to work in assessment they hope that by 2015 water safety will gain more concern despite the less of data. However if this does not happen diseases will continue to appear. Those also who has improved but unsafe water are difficult to help because there is no special test can be used. The world bank explain that water and sanitation are not separate but while there are poor country which still has no sanitation the work to improve the sanitation will not be in the targets by 2015.
