Everybody knows working is necessary. Some people works full time some people works part time some of them work volunteer jobs. We spend most of our time at work so first we need to find a job that makes us happy. We put a lot of time and effort into working. We need to learn to use the time effectively and we need to know where and when to stop. Working too much can result in people losing the people around and losing health. While we are working we have to spend certain time at work. Some people don't have time to finish their jobs at work. They bring it to their homes and they want to finish their job at home. When they start doing that they start to spend their personal time at home. Or according to their job they might need to have meetings conferences etc. They need to spend their time after the work for these activities. People need to know life is not just worked we have other things to do. People can't put all their efforts into their job People can be a successful person but don't forget there are other things affect people success. Not just focus on one thing they need to learn how to handle everything. Something maybe more important for them want to spend more time something maybe less but they still need to put sometime other things too. For example Britney Spear's marriage she spent most of her time working and at parties. She didn't spend her time with her husband. They broke up and she was depressed. That affected her career too. She 2007 said We should spend more time with each other and we should listen each other more often rather then work. If people spend too much time at work first they lose their friends and after that their wife and relatives. When people start to lose their success they might think they are alone in life and they might depress. Working too much can also cause health problems. If people spend too much time at work they might want to spend the rest of their time with their friends or families. But people should remember that our body needs exercise to stay healthy. If people want to be mentally and physically healthy they should save some time for their exercises. If people don't save enough time for their exercises they might feel tired all the time or they might start posture problems. Constantly doing the same thing causes physical problems. I have a friend who works at the Mellon bank. She Ward 2007 said My back is killing me I am sitting all day long in my chair that hurts my back. I might find a different job. Working long hours can cause big health problems. To avoid those problems is easy save time for exercises. We might not get a chance to fix our problem after our mistake. We need to know when we stop when we start. We can see the balance in our life everywhere. Long Phillip. Celebrities Be a famous. ANON_URLSITE_10 Jan. 2007
