Social Networking for children I. Introduction Megan Meier was a 13 years old an American girl from Missouri. Three weeks before her birth day Megan committed suicide. Megan's parents prompted an investigation after her suicide. The investigation has shown that Megan is victim of cyber bullying through the social networking website MySpace. The story started after Megan opened an account in MySpace. After that she received a message supposedly from a 16 year old boy Josh Evans but actually sent by Lori Drew using a fabricated account. Megan and Josh became online friends but never met in person or spoke. Later on Josh's tone of the messages changed with Drew saying via the account I don't know if I want to be friends with you anymore because I've heard that you are not very nice to your friends . After that some of Megan's messages were shared with others and bulletins were posted about her. The last message sent by the Evans account read Everybody in O'Fallon knows how you are you are a bad person . The horrifying case stunned the community and caused state government officials to pass some of the harshest cyber bullying laws in the country Thesis Although some people think that the social Network has positive impact on their children. I strongly believe that there is some evidence that social media like twitter Facebook u tube MySpace and so on has negatively impacts on the teenagers who are in development year or tough year and it is negative outweighs any upsides. II. Body block one 1 The social media such as Facebook and YouTube are efficient way to communicate with other children. Rebuttals of friendship that the teenage make with stranger or people without knowing their behavior or attitude those might be older or group of people there aim to spread cyber bulling and manipulate the children. 2 Social Networking is one aspect of sharing knowledge and experience. Rebuttals To some extent it is true to say that social network would be way of sharing knowledge and experience but one thing we all share is that the children under age 10 years old have less experience. Moreover they could not distinguish between the good and the bad information at that age those children asking and eager to learn so they need guidance with authentic information or reliable information. 3 It is kind of entertainment better than leaving their children playing out door or chatting outdoor. Rebuttals This argument has no merit as the children have different sort of entertainment outdoor too that can stimulate their thought and health. III. Body block two A Own point of view social networking provide a bad impact on their children like sadness and depression besides distracting them from study. B Own point of view Social Networking has introduced consequences of which we never dreamed. Cyber bullying and threats of Internet predators are most common danger that children might face and fall in it easily. IV. Conclusion I strongly encouraged parents to assess their child's activities on social networking sites. Parents also need to pay attention to the online trends and the latest technologies websites and applications children are using.
