Intro. Many people think that it is more important for students to study history and literature than it is for them to study science and mathematics. The reason that people are arguing about this kind of educational issue is today's trend and thought that studying science is more productive and practical to get a good job than studying history and literature. I don't agree with that studying history and literature is more important than studying science and mathematics for students since we cannot generalize the values of these studies in this various and complicated world. However I believe that we have to teach students history and literature and it is also important to live today's world as much as teaching science and mathematics. Body Block one Opposing viewpoints and rebuttals 1. Studying science and mathematics is practical to get a job Rebuttal Even though there are a lot of chances to get a job about science writing and reading comprehension skill learned from history and literature classes are also important to work in companies. 2. History and literature is less useful to live today's world because environmental and technological issues are more urgent problems to be solved these days. Rebuttal Today's world is so complicated that everything such as environmental issues and technological improvement is strongly connected to politics and economy. Learning history and literature related to the wisdom about politics and economy would give you better chance to deal with technological improvement efficiently. Block two direct arguments 1. History and literature can give students the wisdom to live today even future. A. Howard Zinn said If you don't know history it is as if you were born yesterday. If we know what happened in the past we will not do the same mistake in the future. It can save our time and even money. B. If we didn't study history and literature we never recognized racism gender equality and other issues for the right of human being. Well living means not only technological efficiency but also moral justice and human rights. 2. History and literature help us to find our ego and understand about who I am. It is not only for dealing with the world's issue but also for dealing with personal issues and emotional cure. A. Even though there are many treatments for mental problems sometimes arts and literature are better than science to deal with personal and emotional problems. Technology cannot make movies and plays without qualified stories combined with historical and literary accomplishments. B. Standing our own egos is very important to live. We can understand who I am and what I have to do while reading other's various viewpoints in literature and historical books. Conclusion sum up ideas
