Introduction 15 863 casualties this terrible natural disaster was struck by severe earthquake magnitude9. 0 In northeast of Japan on March 11 2011. Moreover this earthquake led to huge Tsunami over 33 feet on the offshore east coast of Japan. Japan is an insular country which adjacent to the Pacific Plate as you may know. The people have been always faced the risk of an earthquake and a tsunami for thousands years. But this earthquake is considered the most dreadful disaster as far as we ever recorded. In addition a widespread devastated area the earthquake and tsunami triggered enormous damage to nuclear power plant at Fukushima located at the northeast coast of Japan. The evacuation which has been still lasting until now was expanded to 12. 5 Mile around the plant because nuclear reactor cores melted. Furthermore the evidence of rising levels of radiation in several local food and water were warned by expert. As 1 year past now whether we should rely on the nuclear power plant is giving rise to much controversy. Nevertheless nuclear power point has a plenty of advantage we should think it nuclear power point is brought to a halt in Japan which has a potential threat of natural disaster such as an earthquake. Body paragraph A. The summary of opponent side B. Rebuttal to the first Argument The necessity of stable electric supply in modern life. Approximately 30 provision of electric is taken by nuclear power plant in Japan. C. Rebuttal to the second Argument The impact on economy in Japan. If we could stop the nuclear power plant now what occur in Japan D. Rebuttal to the third Argument The case in other country. The government of U. S announced the foundation of a nuclear power plant at Georgia in this year. E. Transition F. My first argument The alternative energy. We have a choice that sustainable and permanent energy such a sunlight wind biomass. G. My second argument To minimize impact on economy. H. My third argument What is Safe The first priority should be life.
