Center The Different Attitudes about McDonald in China and in the U. S. Indent McDonald has been opening in all over the world include in many cities in China. The first McDonald appeared in the U. S in 100 years ago as a small Hunberg's restaurant. Today we can find a McDonald anywhere in the U. S. Also McDonald developed abundance of restaurants oversea. The first McDonald in China was opened in Beijing in the 1990's but few people ate there. We never hope that many Chinese people especially for adults go to McDonald fluently buy we believe that the children's eating habits will be changed by McDonald said the president of McDonald. They really achieved it. McDonald in China is more popular than in the U. S. Indent Even price of McDonald in China is little higher than a traditional Chinese fast food restaurant it is cheaper than in the U. S. In the U. S. One meal for a customer will be cost 4. 00 To 6. 00 With free refill a drink. In China a customer goes to a fast food restaurant that would cost almost 1. 00 But if they go to McDonald it usually spends 3. 00 To 4. 00 Per meal without a free refill. However more and more Chinese prefer to eat at McDonald. Indent The cost of the food in McDonald isn't most important factor for the customers in China so many Chinese go to McDonald for eating. McDonald in China has more customers at eating time than in the U. S. For example McDonald usually set up 10 or 15 tables in one store in the U. S. And most time if you go McDonald it is easy to find a table. However if McDonald usually set up more than 30 table in one store in China and if you go McDonald during the lunch time you may wait for a long time. On the weekends or holidays it would more difficult to find a table. That doesn't mean that a number of the restaurants are smaller. The fact is that eating in McDonald is a kind of fashion in teenagers in China. Indent Play place and toys in McDonald attach children so much in China. A play place for children in McDonald is one of the reason that children like eat at McDonald. Sometime they don't want to eating anything but they must play at play place long times. In China when the child enters the McDonald they will go to play place first and their parents yell at them several times after they may go back a site and eat some food. In U. S. Children like McDonald's play place too but they may not go to McDonald just for playing. McDonald is so popular in China in order to some children like their birthday party in McDonald. They will give the child a special cook and a toy. The parents like go to McDonald sometimes because a babysitter in McDonald can help them witch the children and play some simple games with the children. I didn't see a babysitter in the U. S. Indent As a restaurant from the U. S. McDonald has been successful in China recently. They caught the customers' eyes and change the younger's eating habits. When McDonald was be judged in the U. S. More and more Chinese have been going McDonald. The reason may be that McDonald for Chinese is new but McDonald in China will earn more money than in U. S. That is true.
