Summer vacation Most children like their summer vacation because they can go out with friends watch TV and play video game. They also don't have to get up so early. Therefore most children including me look forward to their summer vacation when they are in class. However I don't think summer vacation is necessary. From my perspective I oppose students get long summer vacation for several reasons they can't have regular daily life they might forget their schoolwork and children stay home by themselves is very dangerous and illegal. The first reason for having summer vacation is not necessary is a lot of children have no regular daily life during summer vacation. For example when I was a primary school student I really liked summer vacation because I could read a lot of comic books watch TV until midnight or use MSN all day. It was summer vacation so my parents gave me more freedom to do what I want. Due to go to bed late I got up late every day so I ate breakfast and lunch together. Dr. Vidya Muralidhar says due to overnight fasting the blood glucose levels come down and if one does not eat in the mornings the glucose levels will go down further causing fatigue lack of energy and may even lead to fainting attacks. If having regular daily life could affect children's health. Obviously if children had no good health they couldn't have energy to study and decrease their learning efficiency. The second reason is children forget their schoolwork. Ebbinghaus says stable memorization sometimes required further repetitions therefore we learn a new thing we have to review many times that we can remember for example we can't forget our name and number but we sometimes forget someone's birthday because we don't use often. The same situation when children learn a new lesson they need more and more practice but if they pass a summer vacation without studying they probably forget what they learned. The last reason is children stay home or go out by themselves is very dangerous and illegal. If children have summer vacation they might want to do out with their friends or stay home by themselves. In addition summer is very hot they may want to swim in pool or ocean and it's really dangerous. According previous Taiwan Information Agency report there are over 200 people dead because of drown every year. On the other hand letting children stay home alone isn't legal but children go to nursery is a big spent for many families. It's really a issue for many parents. However some people think summer vacation is necessary because they think kids could be relax during summer vacation but I don't agree. In my opinion having long vacation is a troublesome for children and their parents. Children could have a week or two weeks vacation and someone to restrict their behavior. Or it's not good situation for children and their parents. All in all summer vacation is not necessary for everyone. Children have summer vacation is not an advantage for them and there are a lot of disadvantages with summer vacation. Long vacation just give children disadvantages They can't have regular daily life might forget their schoolwork and involved dangerous.
