Nepotizm Nepotizm is the most dangerous thing in the world. Nepotizm is to get something by talking to some one who is higher in any positions. In the past no one used neptizm to get the work or anything but today every body use it to get what they want. For example. There are a lot of people who finished their major and two of them applied for the same job first one got a on his major and seecond one got c so the person who got c call some one work in higher position in the company to get the job and he got it because the person who called this is the nepotizm. However there of the most imporatnt reasom that nepotizm is dangerous are not socialy acceptable it makes you unsuccessful and it gives to someone who does not worth it. Not socaily acceptable One of the most important thing that nepotizm is dangerous. If you ask every body what is the most imporatnt issue in your conutry Some of them will answer nepotizm why because it is not socaily acceptable. There are a lot of people who lost their study or job because the nepotizm so a lot of people do not like it that why it is not socail acceptable. It makes you un successful second of the most important thing that nepotizm is dangerous. In all over the world there are many people who is not successful why because the nepotizm. A lot of yonug people who are study at a university do not worth for their study because a lot of them have a person who work in a higher position in a university or a company told them finish your study and I will give you a position on the company or a universuty. So them do not study to help themselves. That why a lot of people un successful. Some people say every body use it. While every body use it to help them to finish some works it gives to some one who does not worth it is one ot the most important thing that nepotizm is dangerous. In over the world there are several people who got higher degree in their university do not have job. Nepotizm takes his role for the people who have one in higher position to get what they want. That why nepotizm play the role by giving to some one who does not worth it. In conclusion nepotizm is the most important issue in all over the world. Not socail acceptable it makes you un successful and it gives to some one who does not worth it are the reason of why nepotizm is the most imporatnt dangerous issue in all over the world.
