Intergenerational Housing The housing market plays a key role in Chinese economic system. Because of the increasingly prices owning an apartment is not only a status symbol but also a luxury for most of Chinese people especially the young. In order to keep a balance many people find different methods to confront the housing problem such as renting an apartment sharing a house with roommates and living with their parents. Although housing prices keep increasing constantly many Chinese young people are fighting with this serious issue in their own ways. From my perspective I think young people should live with their parents because it saves a lot of money it enhances the family relationship and it maintains a heath lifestyle. First it is better for young people to live with their parents because it saves a lot of money. Since the housing prices have increased constantly many people cannot afford the high cost. In addition young people are the group that earns lower money than others in the economic market so it is unaffordable for them to buy a new house. If they can live with their parents it will save considerable money in their life because they don't need to spend money on the housing cost and living cost. Second it is important for young people to live with their parents because it enhances the family relationships. When the generation gap has become a serious issue in modern society many families have tried to find a way to solve this problem. If young people live with their parents they will have enough time to communicate with each other face to face. When their parents have some health or other problems young people could be more supportive more responsible and more considerate to take care of them. Also parents can pay more attention to concern about the growing issues in their children's life which will help them to avoid violence and bad habits. Last but not least some people argue that living with parents creates considerable problems like losing privacy. Even though it may make young people feel uncomfortable to live with their parents I keep my opinion that young people who live with their parents can maintain a healthy lifestyle. Most of young people are working in a condition with a lot of high pressure. They have to work very hard every day without having enough rest and eating healthy food. Some of them go to sleep late at night and some of them eat too much fast food to save time for working. It is better to live with their parents when they can provide more healthy food and help children to regulate their daily schedules. All in all comparing other ways to confront the housing issues it is a rational choice for young people to live with their parents because it saves money it enhances family relationships and it maintains healthy lifestyles. Every parent is used to be young and most of young people will be parents in their life. If there is one way to express our gratitude to parents and repay their love and self sacrifice it should be living with them and taking care of them.
