Youth unemployment Many people go to a university to get a better job. Is it possible to get the best job for everyone Of course it is impossible. People who graduated a university don't want a temporary job. They want to get stable job. Nowadays most of people graduated a university but there are limited jobs on the outside of a university. We need to have a solution for youth unemployment in several reasons. First Youth unemployment is generally viewed as an important policy issue for many countries. Few years ago Belgium made a movie for the youth unemployment in Belgium Rosetta. The movie was sensational. The Belgium government makes a plan for youth unemployment it called Rosetta plan. This plan is that if a company's staffs are over 50 employ should hire over 3 for youth. If they didn't follow this plan they should pay a penalty. Consequently this plan leads to solve the youth unemployment. The first year of this plan 50 000 youth get a job. Like this plan each government needs to make a plan for the youth unemployment. Second if finding job period is long lasting it makes people lose self confidence and can sometimes cause mental problem. Latest news on the unemployment issue is that youth unemployment is causing extra problems for the economy. For example if people who studied very hard in the university failed to get a job after his or her graduation over and over they will lose self confidence. They also cannot afford their living cost. Then they think bad side. We can see news that suicide people who suffering from lack of money or food or steal something for their family's food. Government should make more jobs to prevent these problems. And in doing so if we target those jobs where they are needed the most we can have a dramatic impact not only on the country's economy but also poor people. Third some people say that people should go to a university however I think every people don't need to go to a university. I think this some people's thought make more youth unemployment. There are many successful people without degree in the world. Steve jobs is a good for this example. He didn't finish his study in the university but he found his favorite and makes a success.
