ANON_NAME_0 ANON_NAME_1 7 23 2012 4p summer vacation Summer vacation Summer vacation which follows work classes is a very important period in students' life. Summer vacation has positive and negative effects depending on students who can make this period more beneficial. From my perspective I believe that summer vacation is useful for many reasons. First of all taking a break after study classes is very significant because study period is very long. For example in my country we study around nine months and during this time we cannot do any extra activity. Students need to do many activities to assess them in their life and during studying period there is no time. For example participating in summer clubs and sharing in school activities which help them to communicate with society and obtain a lot of experiences through these activities. All students like to change daily routine to relax and I think the summer vacation is appropriate Time. A second reason that is very significant is learning in summer vacation and I think this idea will affect in students level by participating in any learning center such as clubs institutes and summer centers. Research studies say that there are many centers that offer a '' summer camp '' theme a daily craft activity to do alone or with a parent each day. Moreover summer program especially for children teach them a lot of skills. For example Dr. Ruth's Bottom line told us that now children can take action for keeping the brain stimulated as well as the body moving over the summer vacation. I see summer vacation is very long period and may affect students and teachers to forget their skills which obtained because research shows us those teachers typically spend 4 to 6 weeks reteaching material that students have forgotten over the summer. But emphasize and believe the summer vacation can be more helpful to attain many beneficial skills. Many studies told us that summer vacation is an excellent time for the students to fill in learning gaps or zoom a head with enrichment activities at supplemental learning centers. To sum up we know long vacation can affect teachers and students by making them forget their skills as teaching or learning but summer vacation allows for students various methods to get many positive things make them more comfortable talented brain stimulated.
