Legalize Marijuana Sherry 4P 07 23 2012 In ancient China the famous doctor Hua Tuo found a plant that can make people feel less pain when they got hurt. This useful plant is called marijuana. After hundreds of years however such a useful medicine has become to a drug that is harmful to people. Nowadays people are talking about whether we should make marijuana legal or not. From my perspective I disagree with the legalization of marijuana. First of all Marijuana can ruin people's lives. Smoking Marijuana is harmful to people's health. According to Grinspoon author of Marijuana The Forbidden Medicine One well confirmed negative effect of marijuana is caused by the smoke which contains three times more tars and five times more carbon monoxide than tobacco. Just like cigarettes marijuana will also do harm to people's lungs and it may cause many diseases such as cancer. Also marijuana can make people's lives unsafe. It is known to all that marijuana is a drug. When people smoke it they will get high then become unconscious or have delusions. Thus these high people may increase the crime rate. For example in Hongkong a teenager caused a serious accident and gave a man palsy forever after smoking marijuana. Another case is that a young lady fell down from the top of a building when she was flying as a superwoman after smoking marijuana. Therefore it is evident that marijuana will ruin people's life if it becomes legal. Moreover I think government can't compromise on this issue. Marijuana is a drug which is harmful to the society and should be forbidden. The government should never compromise on this kind of principle. If the government gives way to legalizing marijuana for money some people may think of making other drugs be legal too. Thus the society may become unstable because of different kinds of drug problems. Then the government would need to use more money and energy to fix these problems. In short forbidding marijuana will not only prevent its harm but also show a strong attitude towards other drug issues. However it is true that marijuana can have a good use in medicine. So maybe the government can modify the law that marijuana can only be used in medicine. In this way we can make a good use of marijuana in helping people just like what the famous ancient Chinese doctor Hua Tuo did. Meanwhile government needs to strictly control and supervise the process of using marijuana and do not let it appear in public. Everything has many aspects. When we judge the marijuana issue we can't only consider the benefits and ignore the potential bad effects that may show up in the future. I believe that after modifying the law we can make a good use of marijuana in medical ways and forbid it to ruin the stable society and people's lives.
