Should Children Use The Internet The internet increasingly becoming part of our everyday life. We can think back to a time when we did not even know what a computer was and all we had was the Telephone Radio and Television. Now we cannot spend a day without using the computer and the internet to do something such as search in the World Wide Web download songs and send messages. Everything is happening so fast. Although internet play significant role in our lives relying on the internet bought some negative effects especially in children's lives. Today children spend most of the time on their computer playing Video Games Facebook and finding some specific information about any topic. In my opinion children over using the internet have obvious problems in their information health and social life. First the internet can gives false information for the children because they can easily access websites without control. One example is pornography. They and acquire harmful information which can effect their behavior. Parents cannot control all websites but they can talk with their children about accessing the internet. Also they can give stories about people who use pornography and show what the consequences of this act are. Second the internet is harmful of the children's health because there is a chance of getting addicted. Internet addiction is obviously a problem not just for children but also in society. Children who have grown up using computers will be more addicted to the internet. Many children spend more time on the computer than playing outside doors. This can result in less for children to study do homework read books or participate in any activities at their school. Also they will not exposed to the sunlight and fresh air. Some people clim that children should use the internet because everybody has it. While this reason may somewhat true T think the internet can be the detrimental to children's future loss of their social life. For example chatting over the internet can exclude important relationships with friends and family. Many children go to their rooms and sit in front of the monitor of their computer after school and only come out to eat or use the restroom. However if children lose their social skills because of the internet they will be uncomfortable with other people and they will become isolated from the real world. So children should play with their friends and peers to be sociable and learn how to manipulate their relationship with others. In the end children using the internet is overtly negative not only because it danger information and that impacts their knowledge but also because it endangers their health and social lives. Parents should look carefully for children who are over using the internet. They should be aware of the potential danger that come with it. As a result a good way to protect your children from the internet is to have the computer in an open area where you can see your children using it. Also parents have to mange their children's time to help them using it as efficient as they can Moreover they should control how many hours their children consume using the internet. After previous reasons that I mentioned are you still convinced that should children use the internet
