Marijuana Legalization 7 22 12 Writing 4p All people today need to enjoy and have fun because they are under stress from jobs and life demands. Many people think that smoking marijuana is good way to be happy. In fact marijuana cannabis according to Wikipedia is a preparation of cannabis plant intended for use as a psychoactive drug and as medicine . Nowadays the issue of marijuana legalization is controversial issue. While some people hold the opinion that marijuana should be legal others contradict this opinion. Personally I disagree that marijuana should be legal because of two reasons marijuana is dangerous and will cause a lot of diseases and it will lead to other harmful drugs. It asserted by some people that marijuana is not dangerous because they can use it as medicine. On the other hand I argue this point by saying that marijuana is dangerous and will cause many diseases. The good illustration of marijuana's effects is lung cancer which will spread to other organs such as brain liver and heart. In addition smoking marijuana will damage brain cells so the person who is addicted to marijuana has the potential to die more quickly than others. I know someone who did not drink but he only used to smoke marijuana. He started smoking marijuana when he was 20 years old. The marijuana was legal in his country with no restrictions for age. After 10 years he got sick and died two years later with lung cancer. We can see that some people state that if they smoke marijuana every day they will not addict it and they can quit anytime they want. In contrast I disagree this point by saying that smoking marijuana will lead to other harmful types of drugs such as heroin and cocaine. The main reason for my propensity because all offenders or criminals who arrested in drug initially started with smoking marijuana. For this reason marijuana may be the first step for any person to be offender and arrested. In fact marijuana has potent substances which make a person high and likely to do anything wrong that will be threating for other people. Even though marijuana has a lot of benefits it will cause severe damage of all body cells. I understand that they can use it as medicine but you should not use it to destroy your health. Some hospitals use marijuana to treat cancer and other kinds of illnesses but some people use it to enjoy even if they do not have any health problem. How can they enjoy killing them selves and threating other people's life! To sum up while the issue of marijuana legalization is different on both sides it is clear that marijuana is very dangerous and it will guide to use other harmful drugs. Thus governments should ban marijuana because of the impact that will harm society. ANON_NAME_0 Alshihri
