Early Second Language Education Saudi Arabia is confronting many challenges in all aspects of life such as economic health and education. Policy makers believe that Saudi Arabia should keep pace with all the developments that are occurring around it thus one of the main decisions that have been made is to improve the Saudi educational system. Initially there were many modifications to the curricula at all levels of education. At elementary schools the implementation of English Language education was a significant change and challenge. In my opinion learning a second language at an early stage has positive effects it gives greater opportunities for college admission encourages self confidence and improves the child's cognitive abilities. First learning English at an early stage provide students with great opportunities for college admission whether inside or outside the country. For instance some undergraduate colleges teach its curriculum in English like engineering and medical. Some students who are admitted to these schools encounter many language problems at the beginning and led some of them to change their field of study. Also because many international universities' requirements are challenging admission is competitive. One of the most difficult requirements is earning a high score on one of the standardized tests like TOEFL or IELTS. Students who came from environments where the second language is taught in parallel with their native language often acquire high scores on those tests. Moreover if the Saudi students learn English at primary stages they will not need a whole year to study the language in academic institute consequently this will the enormous sums that are spent. For these reasons speaking more than language gives the students an opportunities for the academic admission. Second learning a language during the childhood fosters students' self confidence. For Example my best friend who teaches at the in the English Department investigated the causes that prevent her students from speaking in front of their classmates. The results showed that principle reason why students feel shy to communicate in English is because they have learned the target language at advanced ages. Thus integrating English at early levels of education might increase students' self esteem and motivation. Third many Saudi strongly believe that Arabic language is the most difficult language in the world because of its rich vocabulary and difficult syntax which are hard to master. They claim that learning a second language at an early stage will potentially make younger learners mix between the languages consequently they may have stunted fluency in both. While this argument is somewhat true acquiring a second language at an initial stage helps to develop the children's cognitive abilities. Children proved that they are very active in learning any language. They rely on their experience to give them a background on how to communicate with others by using a second language. They critically analyze the situation and creatively select or modify the vocabulary and grammar to interact with others. They might compare it with their mother tongue and at that point they might ask about the ambiguous or difficult cases of their language and therefore their knowledge of their language increased rather than interfered with the target language. In the end the concept of second language education at an early stage is a debated one in my country. However integrating English language at the elementary schools has its benefits for both the society and individuals. Individuals who experienced learning English from the early stages might have many chances for college admission. Also it fosters students' abilities to speak smoothly and confidently and increases children's intellectual abilities to analyze the language which will definitely lead to improving their native language and using the target language creatively.
