Happiness is the most effective feeling in people's live even from simple things. Some people find their happiness with games by competing with each other to win. People always try be the best in any thing to satisfy them self's. In my opinion playing game is fun only when you win because people like to achieve a challenge to feel powerful people don't like to be Defeated people like to see a profits after any action they do. First happens be the result of achieving any challenge but in games it is more fun because the player is competing other people. Other people skills in any game make the challenge harder which makes the game her to win and people like to be Unbeatable and powerful. For example in the soccer game the Striker will not feel happy if any kick can make a goal. In the other hand if the goal goalkeeper very smart and fast he will start to use all his skills to get a goal wish will make him feel happy of his power. Any player will be happy if he beat a strong adversary. Second people don't like to be Defeated because that make them feel negative so they will be happy if they win. Games make players use their strength and minds to beat their adversary. If they lose that will make them think they are week in some skills. People don't feel happy if they lose because it is the opposite if their expectations. For instance If I four guys playing a video game no one of them want to be the last one on the race if they playing racing cars. People try to avoid been defeated to feel happy. Some people say that games are just played for fun and can make you happy or they are playing the game that they like however people like to see a profits after any action they do. If they played they will have fun but not happy. The only thing playing is want is winning after a hard and challenging game. The game starts normally but after a while it start to be a reasons of happiness and glory because of the actions players do between been nerves strength and counting time. People usually like to get advantages of any action but if it is about something they like the will like to do it well. In conclusion In my opinion playing game is fun only when you win because people like to achieve a challenge to feel powerful people don't like to be Defeated people like to see a profits after any action they do.
