Publicly funded health care system Health care is a particularly egregious issue that is reflected throughout the whole planet. Obviously it is a very actual and controversial problem in the US. The US has private care system but the most of Americans are dissatisfied with their current system. Ten years ago the US healthcare system was declared broken and it has not improved. Nearly 45 million Americans are uninsured. Normally health insurance in the US has become a very deep and controversial issue in the US. Living without health insurance seems impossibility especially for people like me who grow up in a country with a distinct health care system. I have experienced the two countries' health care systems which are very different Montenegro has a single payer publicly funded system while the U. S. Has a multi payer heavily private system. From my prospective publicity funded health care is beneficial because people who live in that environment they have longer life expectancy the higher birth rate and having health insurance is essential human right. First of all living without having health insurance has many negative effects on our life expectancy. For instance the gap in life expectancy for young adults is mostly explained by the higher rate of mortality in the U. S. From accidents and homicides. Then at older ages much of the gap is due to a higher rate of heart disease related mortality in the U. S. While this could be related to better treatment of heart disease in Montenegro we have a much more smaller percent of suicides and hurt diseases. It is obviously that the concept of publicity founded health care has a positive impact on our life expectancy. Next countries with publicity founded health system have higher birth rate. They have healthier population who is much more prepared for having children. Also their lives are not stressful as people who live in countries with private health care. If people from countries with private health want to have children they have to be ready to pay a considerable amount of money for health insurance. It is clear that phenomenon of birth rate is related to health care in many aspects. Finally some people claim that having an opportunity to manage our private budgets is an unavoidable part of modern life. In spite of being independent to invest our money where ever we want has many advantages having a health insurance is an essential human right. Every human being should have health insurance. That is a basic human postulate. Living without health insurance is hard to imagine especially in 21st century where e
