Some patients are suffering from their illness and untreatable diseases and the easiest way to stop from suffering is by giving the right to a physician to end their life. Euthanasia can be either by doing something like administering a lethal injection or by not doing something that keeps the patient alive such as stopping the medications. However I disagree with euthanasia because it is not acceptable by many other religions and there are many methods to eliminate the pain. Mercy killing is not acceptable in many religions and its obvious in Christian and Islam we believe that God gives the life and takes it and everyone has the right to die in an natural way. Ending a patient's life is considered as murder in our cultures and it has bad consequences for the physician and patient's family. No one has the right to end life except the God. For example in Islamic culture if doctor ends patient life even with a permission from the patient or patient's family the doctor will lost his her job also he she will be in the jail for rest of their life. However I can understand the elderly patients who have excruciating pain who are suffering from life threating illness or chronic diseases and prefer to die by mercy killing. I think with modern technologies and with the modern advance in pain control there are several methods for pain relief better than to die. Such as the narcotic drugs to eliminate the pain or to reduce the pain level . In addition no patients should be suffering from severe pain. Everyone who suffers from life threatening disease has the right to pain relief but not the right to kill her himself. Also doctors should be the one who control the pain not the one who kills the patient. According to the Hippocratic Oath I will give no deadly medicine to any one if asked nor suggest any such counsel . In my perspective doctors should be certified in pain management because they will not give only pain killer medications they should be skilled in demonstrating and providing emotional and spiritual support. In conclusion I believe that euthanasia should be discourage from religions and from our culture by making patients aware and well educated about their right in pain control medicine to relief pain or to reduce it. Also doctors should give the patient hope in life not ending patient life.
