Many people enjoy a game in their free time. By participating in a member of a team they can feel not only enjoyable and relieve their stress but also make their relationships between other people more strong by cooperating their team members and competing with the other team. They make an effort and a lot of method to win. People tend to think that winning a game will affect the fun because its purpose is to win. Some people think that playing a game is fun only when they win however I think it's not important to win a game. First a process is more important than a result in a game. Of course a result is important but more important thing is a process. People can overcome difficult situations when they play a game. For example there are two characters that have opposite personalities. At the beginning of story they always fight but they overcome difficult situations together. Finally they become to get along with each other. I can see many stories like this in movies and TV dramas. Therefore people overcome difficult situation in a game they can improve their teamwork and friendship. Second losing is also important in a game. By losing a game people have more passion to win and they can concentrate on it more at next game. If I lost in a game I will make more effort to win and practice harder for the next game. If I win the next game I realized that how important efforts and practice is. I also feel proud that I made it and I don't want to lose it. So I will make more effort for the next game again. Some people feel pleasant only when they achieve there goal however I disagree that people have fun playing a game only if they win because people can learn rules and spend time with their friends and family. For example when I was a high school student our class made a football team and practice for fall sport meet. When we had free time we practiced playing football hard to win. Unfortunately we didn't win the competition. However we were not disappointed with the result. We could learn rules form the game and make strong relationships with classmates. Also we realized that doing our best was more important than result. Regardless of a result we can learn how important a process is also losing has not only bad aspects and what we learn during preparing a game. In these reasons I disagree with that playing a game is fun only when I win.
