Concentrated Animal Feeding Operation CAFO A feedlot also known as a type of Concentrated Animal Feeding Operation CAFO is an intensive way for feeding beef cattle. Beef livestock are arrayed in pens small enclosures for domestic animals after spending their first 2 3 years grazing on rangelands Feedlot 2007 . Although the needed investment for a regular Feedlot is higher the time for selling the animals is shorter and it is the manager's knowledge and experience about spending less and earning more which determines how profitable is the business. A selected animal for a feedlot must weigh about 650 pounds. Once in the feedlot an animal should gain an extra 400 pounds between 3 4 months. This 400 pounds consists mostly from fat but it also provides more juiciness in the final product. The structure of Feedlots consists of small enclosures built close together and well distributed for everyday management. Daily the cattle is fed with a diet made up of hay corn sorghum various other grains by products of food processing such as sugar beet waste molasses soybean meal or cottonseed meal and minerals Feedlot 2007 . Nowadays feedlots are the most advanced technique for producing beef meat. These agricultural businessmen invest the biggest part of their budget in feeding instead of space in order to achieve a resulting product in half the time or even sooner as in traditional cattle farms. However minimizing the time of production has some complicated consequences. The amount of manure is higher than in any other business and if it's not managed properly pollution can easily result. Therefore several regulations have been created to ensure a construction of a feedlot capable of preserving the environment Controlling Runoff for Livestock Feedlots 1981 . An example of this field of business is the Harris Feeding Company Harris Ranch Feedlot 2006 which noticed a production of 250 000 head of beef cattle per year in an area of 800 acres. It is considered the largest fully integrated beef operation in California with a production of 150 million pounds of beef making. The main reason for the success of this company is the organization. Research is essential for this kind of business before choosing materials designing the blueprints and naturally creating the best diet for the cattle. After the decisions are made the budget should indicate low costs and high quality. In other words spending wisely will create more profit. References Harris Ranch Beef Company. Harris Ranch Feedlot. . . Beef the Way Nature Intended It to Be! Company official site accessed February 28 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_Livestock Meat processing. Feedlot accessed February 28 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_Livestock Agriculture. Concentrated animal feeding operation accessed February 28 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_Gilbertson C. B. Nys J. C. Clark R. N. And Swanson N. P. 1981 Controlling Runoff for Livestock Feedots
