Lebanese and the United states have very different diet when it comes to food. These cuisines are well known in the world as very tasty cuisines. Every one of those is popular in some kind. But Lebanese foods are healthier than American food because it consists on vegetables especially fresh vegetables homemade and doesn't contain a lot of fat. In contrast American food is greasy delivered by fast food chains with a little bite of vegetables. Lebanese throughout the history are hard working people who work as a farmers and plant their vegetable and grain in their back yard. In the other hand American are more industrialize and they live in an active society where rarely people can find time to cook at home. Lebanese diet is healthier because it contains a lot of vegetables fruits grain and milk. Milk is the source for many Lebanese traditional dishes such as Lebanese cheese labneh and yogurt. But American diet is more about meat chicken chips and pizza. This could be healthy but if you cooked in a special way not fried or bought in a big portion. Second how people prepare their food plays an important role in its rank as healthy or not. American diet relies on fast food chains already prepared food or deep fried food. This way in preparing can have a severe consequence on the health. Also it can lead to medical problems such as high blood pressure diabetes cholesterol obesity and a lot others. Unlike Lebanese food which is cooked in a healthy way. Lebanese foods are prepared grilled or broiled. Lebanese rarely fry food. And it contains less fat and calorie comparing to American food. That is why a lot of studies showed that American should give up their unhealthy food or try to make it better. Third Lebanese food are usually homemade food because preparing them needs a lot of time. Usually housewives prepare a main course every other day and family gather around the table in this way people make sure that the food is healthy and clean also fresh. American rarely eat at home their favorite food are KFC McDonalds and burger king. When they prepare food it might be something fast that fit with their schedules because in every home normally parents are at work and they don't have a lot of time to spend on cooking. For all the reason above the consistence of food the fat percentage in this food and its preparation I think that Lebanese diet is healthier than the American diet. The diet helps the Lebanese do live a better life and to prevent many diseases.
