Vacation is a special meaning for all students who are attending to school. Most of them want to have breaks as soon as possible during semester. But it's slightly different for each of students to think about duration how long it would be given to them. For me having several short term vacations is much better than long term vacations. I get used to have two long term vacations. In my country South Korea 2 and a half month vacation is in summer and winter. Whenever each semester finishes I am happy to have free times but I am worried that what is the worth thing that is good for me and can use that long time effectively. It is pretty stressful and is not easy to find that kind of thing to do. Moreover it makes me have temporary lazy habits such as sleeping a lot or wasting time without doing anything. I think it's because I feel I have enough time to do something that I can do so it's put off day by day. Now I am in the US and I already had a short term break once. It was about more than one week. First I felt that it was too short and I wanted to have some days more. But when I went back to school my thought was changed. I don't lose the sense of studying and I feel still tense to prepare for my test because some of them are already coming soon. I think that it can help me to keep concentrating on my work and I can plan my future schedules easily. I can arrange them more concrete and possible. Until now I have not had some missing part I always felt when I was in South Korea yet whenever some very short holidays finishes. I guess that it means the short term vacations are good for me. In addition a friend who is attending in the university in England is one good example to feel that short term vacations are good. England has a different vacation system from South Korea and the U. S. There are 3 vacations one is for about one month in the middle of December another is for one month in April and the other is for about 3 months in the middle of June. Whenever each of holidays starts he says that he has to prepare his exams after holidays. It is quite annoying for him but I think it's good to study for me because it makes me have reason to do something and I might find something else easily through studying. It's hard to say which opinion is good and bad about the duration of vacation. That is because Each opinion reflects on the person's personality and idea a lot. So emphasizing my thought I who need to keep being tense would better to have several short term vacations.
