Many students try and are still trying to use learning strategies. Some of them have succeeded and the others have failed. As we know learning strategies depend upon the field in which you study. For example if you study in law school you have to read a lot of books. However if you study in engineering school you should work a lot on your projects. In this essay I will introduce my strategies on how to be a successful language learner. By using these strategies previewing class work at home writing the new vocabulary focusing during class asking for help doing a great number of exercises and reviewing your mistakes. The first strategy is to preview the class work at home. Actually you might read the lesson before you go to your class. That will help you to focus on the difficult points and understand them much better than if you go without preparing before the class. During class don't forget to mark the points you feel are important. A second strategy is to write the new vocabulary and their definitions. Also it's a good idea to write one example sentence which will help you to remember the difficult words. Then study and go over them from time to time. This continuous review will help you to remember the vocabulary. A third strategy is focusing during the class. Don't think about anything else at that time. You will know which points your teacher is focusing on by attention your teacher's words. For example when teacher says watch the different between something and something else or when he says be careful when you see this. Also the teacher sometimes gives explanations much better than the book. Next reviewing immediately after the class will help you memorize the information more easily later on. Another strategy is to ask your teacher or your classmate if you don't understand some point. Remember never delay in asking because will may not remember until the time of test and by that time it might be too late. Ask him or her to give you some examples for points that you have difficulty understanding. Ask him to explain it in another way. One of the more important strategies is to do a great number of exercises especially in grammar class. If you do this you will find yourself much better off in the subject. In addition this strategy will help you to know which points you have difficulty with. Then you should work to improve yourself with these points. For example if you find yourself having difficulty with Past Participle then try to read the grammar explanation again and do some exercises. The final strategy is to review your test and homework mistakes and try to correct them. This strategy is one strategy that a majority of students are careless with. This strategy will help you to know where you have weaknesses. Then review your corrected answers before your next test. All of these strategies previewing class work at home writing the new vocabulary focusing during class asking for help doing a great number of exercises and reviewing your mistakes come from my experience and I have found them very useful. My English grammar improved by doing a lot of exercises. You may find that some of them will be more helpful to you than others. However try to do some of them and keep on doing them. You will improve your grades and increase your knowledge.
