How to Learn English Successfully It's not easy to learn a new language especially when the characters and grammar are totally different from your own language. Even so learning a new language could be a lot of fun. Moreover if you have good skills to learn a new language you will learn the language faster. For a new language learner you can accomplish this by using more effective learning strategies getting help from a group and studying abroad. For learning English successfully the first step is to find out which strategies are effective for you. You can talk to students whose English is very good and ask them what skills they use when they study English. Because everyone has his or her own study habits good skills for others sometimes may not be good skills for you. For example one strategy is to study English by watching TV you can practice listening without captions. However if you don't like watching TV you can practice by listening to music or the radio. Thus trying other people's suggested strategies for learning English is important but you may need to change them a little to fit your own studying style. Another strategy is to study English with a group. In addition to studying English on your own you can practice or study English with others. For instance for a small group you can meet once or twice a week and have a topic to discuss while you are meeting each time. Sometimes studying with other people will create some interesting ideas. Also you could encourage each other to keep studying hard. For this reason I believe joining a regular study group will force you keep studying and prolong your study time. However be sure to continue meeting regularly because studying English needs lots of perseverance and patience. Finally surroundings are very important for learning English. If you live in an English speaking country you need to speak English or you can't communicate with others. As a result you have more chances to practice English and I believe that will make your English progress faster. Nevertheless studying abroad will cost you a lot of money and you have to evaluate your financial situation. If you don't have enough money to study in another country you should create a similar atmosphere to make yourself feel like you are in a foreign country. In other words you could participate in a church group where there might be some native English speakers with whom you can talk. Thus if you have enough time and money it's a really good idea to study English abroad. Not only will it improve your English but it also will help you understand their culture better. In order to learn English successfully you should have more effective and suitable learning strategies. For instance find something you are interested in and you can practice English by doing that. Furthermore forming a study group and choosing a few members who want to improve their English may help you improve your English. Share your ideas and encourage each other. Finally if you have the resources study abroad and enjoy life in a different country.
