Using buses in Michigan are much less than using it in Pittsburgh. Cars in Michigan are more important devices to do such things you need than Pittsburgh. Bicycles are not using much in Michigan and its cost is inexpensive than Pittsburgh. The transportations advantages and disadvantages for some states has always been ongoing topic of debate between its societies. Usually these discussions have preferred using some devices than others and visa versa. Such as using buses than cars in Michigan is not nice decision for some people. A lot of people have criticized using buses in Michigan than using it in Pittsburgh because it might be difficult to find one in the area that live in and also it might take long time to reach your destination. For example if I'm living in a region and those buses haven't come through it so I have to walk at least between 3 miles to 5 miles to get one. In the other way using buses in Pittsburgh are easily accessible and comfortable for people because you can find it every where in this city and you don't have to spend much time to find one. Moreover even you don't find what you are looking for you can find another alternative buses than that. However Cars in Michigan are essential devices to use than buses for some reasons for a lot of people there. First cars there are not expensive to buy one. Second you can find a car parking for your car easily and you don't have to pay for the parking. Finally gasoline prices are an inexpensive in Michigan than Pittsburgh. But for Pittsburgh city it's difficult to find parking for you car and I if you find one you have to pay for the parking. Another issue for people who living in Pittsburgh they don't buy a car because there is something substitute for that which is the bus. A lot of people use bicycles whether it is in Pittsburgh or in Michigan. However some students who are living a little bit farther from the university using bicycles are easier for them than buses or cars if they couldn't buy a car or couldn't find buses in the area they live at. So using bicycles for some students are more comfortable for them instead of wasting time or money for buying car or to find a bus. But not a lot of people using bicycles for their business because the substitute for that and also another reason that not a lot of people using it because Pittsburgh road city has a lot of hills that make riding more difficult for people. In conclusion these discussions have always let people prefer something over something else. In other way these things let people talk about advantages and disadvantages for transportation.
