Effective Time Management Time management is a difficult issue for students. If you want to be a successful student you should know how to manage your time effectively. However time management is not easy. Therefore I suggest students divide weekly time into two parts. The first part is work time the second part is free time. Work time means using this time to study do homework or have a part time job. Free time means using this time to exercise enjoy entertainment hang out with friends and spend time with family. So use time management to manage your time effectively by dividing your time between work and play. You can separate a work day into several small parts. For example at class if you want your study time to be more effective you should pay attention in your classes write down notes and mark important points in your textbook. Therefore you can review your textbook quickly and save more time when you do your homework. After you finish studying and doing your homework you may have extra time to have a part time job or to do other things. If you are afraid that you can't divide daily time effectively you can try to write down a daily schedule and list how many things you need to finish in one day. Then decide which thing is most important and demands the most time and do the most important thing first. For example you need to hand in two essays. One of them is due tomorrow the other one is due next Monday. Obviously you know which one is more urgent so you should do tomorrow's essay first and finish it on time. Don't waste time on something that isn't urgent. The second part of your weekly time is free time. Free time is easier to manage. Weekends are free time but even though it's free time you still need to manage your free time. You can divide your free time between yourself your friends and your family. You can exercise or choose some books to read in the morning or you can just sleep past noon. It's your option because weekend mornings are your private time. In the afternoon you can hang out with friends go to the movies or visit an art gallery. In addition you need to spend time with your family. You can share something with them have dinner with your parents or discuss problems that you are facing now. Maybe you can get different suggestions from your family members about your problems. After you learn to manage your free time you will spend it more effectively and free time can be more relaxing. In conclusion effective time management is really important for a student. A student's life is complicated with studying a job family friends exercising and having fun. It's sometimes hard to keep up with work time and free time. Therefore you should manage your time effectively and try to make every element balance. You can divide your time into smaller parts then you can handle those small parts more easily. An essential point to being a successful student is to manage time effective. You can be a brilliant time manager.
