Time Management Time management means organizing your time so you are able to do a lot of things and also have extra time. Time management is a set of skills tools and systems working together to help you get more value out of your time with the aim of improving the quietly of your life . For example if you create a schedule to finish your homework early you can do other activities. Knowing your goals and writing them dawn instead of memorizing them is an important step in managing your time. Students must organize their time between studying and activities. Creating an atmosphere and being involved in school activities helps students to manage their time. You need to establish clear steps to do your homework. This will help you to finish it in no time. If you can create a comfortable atmosphere it will help you focus and finish your homework. For example play your favorite music or have a snack. You might need a good place to study such as the library a classroom. Don't hesitate in creating your own way to memorize important information. For instance you can write down on small pieces of paper words that are difficult to memorize. You might record your voice while reading and play it back to cultivate your speech. You must do the homework each day without delay. Also you can choose the way to finish your homework. Write down things you have to do then decide what to do at the moment what to schedule for later what to get someone else to do and what to put for a later period . For example you might start with the easy thing or the hard thing it depend on you how fast you want to finish your work. You can start on memorizing your vocabulary then finish your essay. It is important to have fun activities in order to break everyday routine. Watching TV listening to music and playing sports are some good examples. There are indoor and outdoor activities but these activities should be relaxing for you. In my opinion it's better to enjoy your activity after the school day and before homework time. For example you can go to the turnverein after school or you can walk home if it's near campus. In addition I think it's important to join school activity groups. However you need to choose the activity you enjoy. For instance the University of Pittsburgh has activities such as out of town trips fundraisings. In conclusion if you arrange your time and take serious steps to achieve your goals by creating an atmosphere and cover the activities you will not have a problem with time. You have to know that the important tasks are those that lead you to your goals and give you most of the long term progress and reward. Those tasks are very often not urgent. Many urgent tasks are not really important . On the other hand weekends are there for a purpose. Resting at least one day will help you deal with the rest of the week. 1 ANON_URLSITE_2 Academic Skill Center by Joe Landsberger ANON URLSITE
