Toyota vs. Ford Before people purchase vehicles no matter what age of cars they want they are always confused by a variety of numbers and ratings. Is the appearance of a car more important than the functions Or are their prices more important than the service which companies provide The related information always makes people have a headache. Before I bought my first car I had compared Toyota to Ford because they both were the most popular in my country. Each has a lot of vehicle product lines such as trucks SUVs sedans and so on. Every kind of cars has specific functions. The two automobile companies show totally differences in reliability depreciation and economy. Toyota is a Japanese brand. Japanese automobile designers especially concern about saving energy and convenience. Moreover Toyota is renowned in the quality control. The name Toyota is meant to connote good quality. On the other hand Ford is an American brand. Its designing concept is mainly to provide comfortable safety cars for customers. Because the two companies aim at different targets their cars show different performances. For examples of them in 2006 Toyota and Ford individually released two sedans. One is Toyota Camry. The other is Ford Five Hundred. Their prices fall at the same level between 20000 and 28000 dollars. My first concerned point is the reliability. Toyota Camry is more reliable than Ford Five Hundred. In the benefit list which Toyota and Ford provide the two cars have the same warranty. For this reason the maintenance fees for both are similar before the expiration date of the warranty after then because the parts of Toyota's cars can use longer than Ford's the Hundred parts are easy to break down. Then the difference between the maintenance fees increases annually. In addition Camry users can save more time for making reservations and waiting for their cars fixed. They also do not need to worry about pulling off their car on the shoulders suddenly. Secondly my concern is the depreciation. Due to the durability of the parts the Camry's value is higher than Hundred's for a long time. If users want to resell their cars because the price of the Camry declines less than Ford Five Hundred the Camry owners can suggest better sales prices than the Hundred. Furthermore current there is a trend in buying Japanese cars rather than American cars. The Camry owners are easier to sell them than the Hundred's owners. The last concern is the economical reason. For the average fuel consumption the Camry's is 22 24 miles per gallon when running in a city and 31 33 miles per gallon on the highway. On the contrary the Hundred is 19 21 miles per gallon in a city and 26 29 miles per gallon on the highway. In order to provide users comfortable safety cars the weight of the Hundred is heavier than the weight of the Camry. In spite of driving on the road the hundred drivers will feel more stable than the Camry but the bigger amount of Hundred's exhaust impacts the environment more. Additionally the fuel price is gradually increasing every year. The Camry users can save more money. Overall from the view of the vehicle reliability value and saving money Toyota is a good choice compared to the Ford. Of course some people would have other concerns which make them choose Hundred. In short no matter what kinds of cars people choose they should think of saving energy and making the environmental impact less at first.
