Finding and Evaluating Sources on the WWW These days most people often first use the Internet to search for information rather than using books or articles. The reason is that it is easy to access a lot of information even the newest source irrespective of places and it can reduce costs and time compared with other methods. However there are inaccurate incredible things on the Internet as well as a lot of reliable information. In addition the number of these incredible things is becoming more and more increased every year. It's important to have your own methods to find and evaluate information on the World Wide Web WWW . You can find appropriate information and get help discovering your own ways by using to following methods know your purpose and choose a search engine decide effective keywords for searching reasonable information and confirm a source and an author. The first step in finding information you want is to know your purpose and choose which search engine you will use. In other words you should know what the goal for finding information is and what kinds of field that information relates to. The results you will have may differ depending on your purpose and search engine. Once you decide your purpose you need to choose a search engine. Many search engines have their own features. Each engine is different in the way it organizes results how results are detailed and quantity of results. Therefore you can choose a search engine to match your purpose. For example if you want to find many kinds of information in a non professional field you can use Google or Yahoo! But if you want to get information more involved you can find things like academic papers on the site specialized in some field. The next step is to decide keywords for using in the search window. This also leads to different results depending on what words you select and how combine words. When you decide keywords you should choose keywords which represent sources you want to find. Sometimes you may put your keyword and a name of the field into the window together for getting an obvious result. For example if you want to look over about 'semiconductor' its contents concerning with 'semiconductor' can be enormous so you will have to put concrete name of field whether it is related to physics or chemistry or whether it is related to some specific field. If keywords are ambiguous or commonly used in various fields you might not get information which you want. To prepare extra keywords also will help find information even rare things. It could be a just keyword to change order like from 'Ito Yuna' to 'Yuna Ito' or a thing added other words like 'Yuna Ito singer' or a different name. To find better information the most important step is to evaluate your sources. There is a lot of useless and deceptive information on the WWW. This description focuses on reliability of information. The way to find credible sources is to confirm a source and an author. Even after following these suggestions if you type your keywords and searched you would still have a lot of results ANON_NAME_0. You should select only a few sites because it's impossible to review all ANON_NAME_0. In general it is good to choose several sites from the top of the list the most matched to the keywords. Leave out your list in turn by confirming whether that site has a source and an author. Determine whether the source and an author are reliable. You could know credibility of an author by checking his background or resume. If it is an admitted academic paper you can easily know his background. Internet is a special tool and has many merits with respect to cost and time. However it sometimes happens that it makes people take a longer time to find some information than their expectation resulting from inaccurate and deceptive information overflowed. Through this method which is to know you goal and determine the appropriate search engine to decide effective keywords and to evaluate sources you will find the information you want and it will help you collect proper things. However this method is a just beginning. Therefore you will have to think of other methods for finding and evaluating sources and develop your own methods.
