Be a Successful Language Student Learning a new language is always difficult. Different students have different purposes for learning a new language and different students make use of different ways to learn. If we learn properly right ways we are able to do immeasurably more than we ask or imagine. I have three important suggestions about how to become a successful language student setting your long term goals clearly in your heart to improve your learning style and make use of the resources around you. First of all it is important to know your long term goals for learning a language. You set both the long term goals and short term goals you should be divided several the short term goals because if your short term failed you will feel so frustrated but you know your long term goals so you wont give up. You can use self talk to build your confidence again. For example you want to pass TOEFL test for apply for study in a University its your long term goal now you study English every term in ELI is your short term if you dont satisfy your middle grade of Grammar you can keep up with doing dont give up because you know your long term goal is pass TOEFL test. The second suggestion is to identify your own learning style because people learn in different ways. If you know your learning style you can find out what advantages or disadvantages you have in learning language. Then you can improve your weakness and improve your learning efficiency. If you are a visual learner you can use charts and graphs to help you study but you may still have troubles for listing to lecture if there are no pictures or text to support what you hear so you need to try listening skill to help your study. The final important thing is using your environment. For example anywhere you can find practice opportunity such as watching TV shopping and taking the bus. You can find many native speakers around you. You should try to communicate with them. You will find more opportunities to practice. That is an important and useful approach to language learning. I believe it is hard to grasp a new language. You will feel more confident in being a successful language learner when you keep trying to improve. I think if you pay attention to the points I mentioned above your learning goals learning styles and practice more as you can do you can get good results.
