How to Manage Time as a Student We would have a lot of tasks as a student at the same time in our student life such as studying own major participating some activities working taking care of family etc. However these tasks are minimum requirements to spend enjoyable student life and gain wonderful life in our future. In other words we would not diminish tasks as a student. For instance I have to do studying English my nursing career and housework all at the same time. I started using time management in my daily life after I came in Pittsburgh. I think that I can achieve my objectives by using effective time management. That is to say managing time effectively is essential to my success as a student and I can do this by rearranging my schedule ordering my priorities and creating my environment. An important first point of effective time management is to arrange a potential schedule. Don't get trapped into doing too much. When I started studying English at school I was frustrated because I strived to improve my English skills as soon as possible to earn a nursing certification. And I also tried to prepare three meals a day and keep our house clean. At that time I decided to study English only at school and I only did homework at home to save time for housework. Now I understand that I have to study English harder at home such as reading English books hearing news and leaning vocabularies. And then I spend surplus time doing housework. An effect of this is that I could concentrate in class studying English at school and I felt satisfaction by completing housework. That is to say using effective time management must link with my mental health. The second point of effective time management is to define priorities. Use lists to set priorities and measure progress. Defining priorities is important to arrange a potential schedule like I said before because I should think what I have to do first to achieve my objectives as soon as possible. For instance in my case number one is to adapt to American life. If I comprehended the American supermarket I could cut down on the time spent shopping. Also if I got accustomed to the American kitchen I could cut down on the time spent cooking. Number two is to study English. If I could speak English well I would converse with a lot of people who are from other countries and gain important information about American life. Also improving my English skills would lead to earning a nursing certification. Number three is to do housework. Cooking is one of my hobbies. If I had enough time for cooking I would enjoy my life. I arrange a long term list a yearly goal and a short term list of weekly goals under these priorities. I assess and measure progress every weekend so I can modify the list for next week. For instance I created extra time by getting accustomed to American life so I started studying for the American nursing exam. I created extra time by using effective time management and advanced to the next step. The final point of effective time management is to avoid distraction and lack of focus. Find a quiet place to study. For example I would go to a library because I should have a quiet environment to concentrate on my work. I think that family televisions and telephones are all ways of avoiding work. If a TV was near my study room I might watch TV. If I stayed at home my family might talk to me. Finally I organized my desk before I started studying. If I needed something to study I could find my papers textbooks and dictionary. And also I could concentrate on studying. That is to say this point is essential to go according to my plan I made following points of effective time management. As the proverb goes time is precious. We can't buy time. However we must gain wonderful time we can't buy on money by managing our time such as rearranging my schedule ordering my priorities and creating my environment. I think that time management in student life is only the first phase. In other words I must use effective time management in my life to achieve my objective after I started working and even after I retired.
