When I studied English sometimes I didn't have enough time to do homework memorize a lot of words and prepare for a test. Then I thought that if I manage time well I can have enough time to study. I found three good ways to manage time so I'm going to introduce to you review everyday discuss homework and difficult vocabulary with your friends and use your free time to memorize words or to practice taking notes. First review is the most important thing. You don't have to invest a lot of time to review. When the class is finished you should read the textbooks carefully and remind yourself of what you learned in class. You should try to do it everyday. It helps you to manage your time effectively because if you do it everyday you can remember more easily than when you study a lot of things in just one day. For example imagine that you have a vocabulary test tomorrow. If you haven't reviewed you may invest a lot of time to memorize and study everything in just one night. In contrast if you have done it before you may just read your vocabulary lists or check your notes to find words you want to study more. Then you will remember most of them. In this case you can finish preparing for the test quickly. Reviewing helps to manage time directly. Secondly discussing homework with your friends is also good way to manage your time. When you are doing your homework sometimes you may get in trouble. You try to solve the problems and you may invest a lot of time but it doesn't work. What can you do You should try to talk with your friends and ask them what they think about the problems or if they already solved them how they did it. After you ask them you will solve the problems. For example when you can't find the meaning of a word in a reading your friends can explain the meaning why it is and some clues from the reading. So next time you have some questions on your homework you may want to discuss them with your friends so you don't have to waste your time. Finally if you use your free time you can save time. For example when you watch TV you can learn almost everything that you hear. You should use that time. While you are watching TV you can practice taking notes. You can also practice your listening skills at the same time. Another thing is to read something when you ride the bus. While you're riding the bus you can read books or even vocabulary lists. Just read the words again and again and you will memorize the words naturally. These three things will help you to manage your time effectively. You should manage your time effectively so you can complete a lot of things in a short time. If you review everyday you will be ready for the test in no time. If you discuss homework with your friends you will share a lot of information as well as solve problems such as difficult words. If you use your free time by watching TV or reading books you will learn a lot of things such as vocabulary without spending much time. So you should try at least these three things to manage your time then you can study English more effectively than before.
