Nowadays the world has changed a lot because of developed technology. Especially in our life we can live comfortably. One of examples is a car. We cannot live without a car or transportation. Because cars are needed to people there are many cars in the world and also it has many kinds. Among them each person has their own car style. Some people prefer sports car sedan SUV and so on. In my case I like a small size car. For instance one of them is New beetle and the other one is Mini cooper. They are almost similar in many things on the contrary they have some differences such as overview engineering and exterior. First in overview they have both similarities and differences. New beetle's drive type is the same as Mini cooper's type. They both use a front wheel while they are rolling. On the other hand they are different in some ways. New beetle's engine is 2. 5 L and Mini cooper's engine is 1. 6 L. Furthermore horsepower is different between them. The former is 150hp and the letter is 169hp. It means the Mini cooper has more power so it can roll faster than New beetle. In city fuel economy which means efficiency of the car New beetle is 22 mpg and Mini cooper is 25 mpg. Second in engineering they are similar in wheel size 16 6. 5 But they have many differences among number of ABS a channels fuel tank capacity and manual transmission. New beetle has three of ABS channels and Mini cooper has four of ABS channels. It means Mini cooper can stop more quickly than New beetle when a driver puts on the brakes. Moreover in fuel tank capacity New beetle is 15gal and Mini cooper is 13 gal. Also New beetle's manual transmission isn't the same as Mini cooper's manual transmission. The former is 5 speed and the letter is 6 speed. High speed means it has many various controls in the car. Third they have their own styles in exterior. In similarities they have two doors and convertibles. In contrast they have their own features. For example they are different in looks. New beetle is a streamline shape and Mini cooper is much squarer than New beetle. In addition New beetle's size is much bigger than Mini cooper's size. And also their trunk size is different. Mini cooper's trunk is larger than New beetle's. In conclusion New beetle and Mini cooper are both popular for people but they have similarities and differences. Some people can prefer New beetle and the others can prefer Mini cooper it is personal taste. If someone wants to buy a small and cute car they might be choose New beetle between them. However if someone wants to buy a small but fast and strong car they will choose Mini cooper.
