Your Vital Choice Every person has to decide which major he or she is going to study after high school. This choice will affect your whole life so you should think on it and get some advice from experienced people to make sure that it is an appropriate major. However it is not always so easy to decide what to choose. I can give you some advice that can help. First you must consider how much income you want. Also you had better choose a major that you are interested in. Finally you should consider whether your goal is going to be hard or easy for you to achieve. In my opinion the amount of money you earn is the most important feature of selecting a major. There are many people who become rich from many kinds of jobs. We understand that if someone wants to earn a good income the only way is to choose the most suitable job for him or her. However doctors or engineers are more likely to earn more money than others but a famous sculptor might earn ten times more than an ordinary engineer. That is because he had chosen the appropriate job for himself. He is skillful in that kind of art so he chose to be a sculptor. In fact it is probably more difficult to be a sculptor than a teacher or engineer but being a sculptor may be the best choice for you. Furthermore you should choose a major that you are interested in otherwise your college career is going to be really boring. This fact will also affect your professional life because if you don't like your job you won't be happy even if your income is enough for you. However many people choose careers which they don't like because of financial fears. Those people who choose their favorite subjects have a happier life. Maybe they don't earn as much as doctors or engineers but they have fun while they work because they try to be the best at whatever they want to be in life. Moreover if someone has the right job then he or she is more likely to succeed. People like to spend time working on something that they enjoy. In addition to considering a major you must decide if you like to work hard or not. Maybe you like to work hard and have a lot of responsibility or maybe you desire an easier life. Some people like a challenge but some don't. You should think about how hard you like to work or how much time you like to spend on your job. We all have different characteristics that's why some are doctors and some are flower sellers. Some choose the easy way to live. They don't like to have responsibility or take risks and so decide to live in a simple way. On the other hand some try to benefit humanity all their lives. Overall selecting a major is a really difficult but significant process in human life. Feel comfortable to choose your favorite major one that you think you are going to be happy with. You might not be rich but at least you are going to be happy. Don't let the other people affect your decision just listen to your heart.
