In globalization the computer is an essential thing for everyone who wants to work study and contact each others. Desktop computer and laptop computer are two kinds of computer which are the most popular in the world. Laptop computer is getting more popular than before. They are usually used by students and businessmen who have to do their job outside. Laptop computer is more convenient than desktop computer. There are many brands of laptop computers. Lenovo and Sony Vaio are two of the most popular brands in the world. Lenovo and Sony Vaio differ in performance style and price. First in term of performance Lenovo is a quite better than Sony Vaio. Lenovo is a new brand of IBM. As you know that IBM had been an achieved computer company for long time before it was changed to Lenovo so Lenovo have a lot of experiences about building great desktop computers. On the other hand Sony Vaio has never built desktop computer before. Sony Company is a large electronic company in the world but it has just built laptop computers for 5 6 years. The performance of laptop computers not only depends on quality of hardware which is used for building laptop but also it depends on arrangement of hardware position. Hardware can work on the highest efficiency in its suitable condition. Sony Vaio can't compete with Lenovo in performance because of the hardware arrangement. For example Lenovo can be worked a lot of programs at the same time and its performances are still fast and the temperature of Lenovo laptop is not too high because heat can be released easily unlike Sony Vaio if users work too many programs at the same time its performances might be dropped or the heat may be released harder than Lenovo's. The new models of Sony Vaio is being improved the heat transfer system but Lenovo is also improving. Secondly however Lenovo has better performances than Sony Vaio but in term of style Sony Vaio is much more beautiful than Lenovo. Sony Company is a leader of modern style designer of electronic devices. Most devices which are launched by Sony are beautiful and modern style on the other hand Lenovo computers are usually conservative style. They look like a rectangular box on which people can work. Furthermore weight of laptop is one of factors that people need to decide when they want to get a new laptop. People would like to choose lighter laptop because they're always take the laptop with them while they are traveling or going to work. Sony Vaio is always lighter than Lenovo however Lenovo is more endurable than Sony Vaio as material which is used for building laptop. For instance most of the Sony Vaio's current models are very light around 3 6 lbs whereas Lenovo's current models are pretty heavy around 6 12 lbs. When people take their laptop elsewhere they may drop their laptop down accidentally. In this case Lenovo can really damage less than Sony Vaio. Therefore people who want to get a new laptop should consider carefully between weight and endurance which one they want to get. Lastly if one compares between Lenovo and Sony Vaio in term of the same price they can get better specification of Lenovo than specification of Sony Vaio. Although Lenovo has better performance and endurance it is cheaper than Sony Vaio. On the other words at the same price people can get better speed of CPU and other performances from Lenovo. In fact Sony Vaio marketing knows that some people would like to have a beautiful light laptop more than a fast and endure laptop because the exterior can be looked easier than the interior. Therefore those people are willing to pay more for having a beautiful laptop. Consequently Sony Vaio can be set higher price than other brands. To give an example a starting price of Lenovo T series models is about 1 158 unlike a starting price of Sony Vaio FE series models which are similar specification to the T series is around 1 300. As you see more prices are not necessary to get better performance. In briefly there are many deciding factors of buying a new laptop. You have to decide to get performance style weight or price. A worthwhile laptop which is suitable for you may depend on your objective such as playing game watching movie surfing the Internet working on graphic and etc. However in my opinion if you want to get a worthwhile laptop you should buy Lenovo laptop.
