DESKTOP OR NOTEBOOOK In the computer world you have two options to choose desktop or notebook. Many people think that both of them are similar. Actually general working system is similar for both but there are very important differences that effect computer performance such as used energy type and cooling system . Desktop computer has more performance. Performance depends on the processor speed mhz and power consumption watt . Processor speed is measured by mhz the more mhz the more speed. Processor uses very high and stable energy to make high speed therefore they need a high performance power supply that provides whole energy to all computer parts. It uses normal electricity 110 volt. In contrast a notebook performance is always less than a desktop. For example performance test results of a notebook which has same processor speed are always less than a desktop computer because notebooks use battery energy. Battery produces less energy than powers supply that is used in desktops. Therefore notebook performance can never be as same as a desktop computer. Furthermore you have to charge battery every time. After a while battery energy performance will decrease. It can't give same energy like at first. This is the second point that causes less performance in notebooks. As a result desktop computer performance is always one step ahead of a notebook in view of used energy and its advantages. You can use desktop without any break and you never have heat problems. Basically it doesn't need to be charged when you are using it but you have to considerate that you can't move it. Desktop computer's CPU central process unit has cooling fans on it. This cooling system consists of great and high performance fans. Heat is most important thing for performance. There is a negative correlation between heat and performance. When the processor gets hot performance will decrease. Desktop has more efficient cooling systems than notebook. Even though notebook uses different types of cooling systems that are not efficient like in desktops. When a CPU get hot the transistors cant transmit signals properly. Generally notebook's processor gets hotter than desktops and it will cause less performance. There are some efficient cooling solutions for notebooks but they are not common and affordable. Desktop computer always has more advantages in cooling systems that help to increase performance. If you want to have really high performance you have to buy desktop computer. But if you have to travel every time you can choose notebooks. It is also a logical solution for travelers. Today notebook technology has improved very much than past but it can never be compared with a desktop computer in view of performance.
