Choosing a city to live in in the U. S. Means a lot for students. Students need a cheap transportation to move inside the city. Pittsburgh unlike Akron has a great transportation system. Also a variety of possibilities for housing is something makes better student. Akron does not has that wide availability of housing that you don't see your classmates in the way. Moreover student try to live their lives naturally so they look for things to do in order to socialize themselves with their community. Pittsburgh has much more things to do than Akron. Therefore living in Pittsburgh as a student is easier than Akron. Being in Pittsburgh is more convenience in moving around the city than being in Akron. Pittsburgh has a great bus system including routs that go to townships and far neighborhoods. For example there are buses that go to from downtown to Robinson Township about an hour in the bus. In contrast of Akron that has a weak bus system students in Pittsburgh can use buses to go back and forth to school easily. Moreover you can use your own car in the weekends to go to parks and recreation spots. Overall Pittsburgh is more convenience in transportation system than Akron. When decided to live in Pittsburgh housing is available in all neighborhoods and conducive to the bus system available whereas not in Akron. Students try to live closer to school to make it easier to get there. For example if you live in Squirrel Hill you have an access to 4 buses. After all housing in Pittsburgh has a wider availability than in Akron. Finally Pittsburgh has more activities than Akron. There are activities all the time and the week everyday. Concert clubs organizations and matures groups make weekend schedule busy in Pittsburgh. Station Square is the best example for night life in Pittsburgh. In contrast in Akron life is almost limited to pubs that are everywhere in the city. Thus Pittsburgh is a more active city than Akron. Akron is a good city but it's not as comfortable as Pittsburgh for students. In Conclusion Pittsburgh provides students with a lot of perks which are the transportation system variety of housing and activities an things to do.
