Being a Successful ELI Student It's not easy for me to learn another language . I have two children who I must take care of at home. My husband waits while I prepare dinner. My babies want me to play with them. I have no time to study at home. How can I be a successful ELI student under these conditions I can be a successful ELI student by not skipping class going over my textbook before and after class and making efficient use of my living environment. An important first thing is not to skip class. If you often skip class you might have more trouble following the course. Obviously your children can be sick. The children's school might be closed by heavy snow. So sometimes it seems unavoidable to skip class in an emergency. Even so make an effort not to skip class. Consider a counter plan when your children's school is closed. To give an example you can find a neighbor to look after them. Another strategy is to go over your textbook before and after class. It's very useful to preview the textbook in advance. If you went over it you can understand what the teachers say more easily. To go over it you might need a quiet time for studying. You could ask your husband to care your children while you're studying. Even if it's a small amount of time everyday review what you learned after school. In addition to this make efficient use of your environment. Maybe you don't have enough time to read the news or magazines. But you can read books for a child letters from your children's school and even help them with their homework. May be you can't join a group outside of class like a movie group or a sports group but you can talk with your children's teachers or with the mothers of their classmates. While you are at the museum or the science center with your children you can learn a lot of things about many kinds of fields. Don't neglect that whish you see in ordinary life. Because I am not only a wife but also a parent who has to take care of her children studying English is difficult. But by not skipping class going over your textbook and making efficient use of your living environment I can be a good ELI student. Don't worry too much. The day which I speak about my successful story of ELI will come soon.
