Center The Different Attitudes about McDonald in China and in the U. S. Indent McDonald's has been opening all over the world including in many cities in China. The first McDonald's appeared in the U. S. 100 Years ago as a small fast food restaurant. Today we can find a McDonald anywhere in the U. S. And McDonald's also have developed abundance of restaurants overseas. The first McDonald's in China opened in Beijing in the 1990's but few people ate there. Our purpose is not that most of the Chinese go to McDonald fluently buy we believe that we will change the children's eating habits in a few years the president of McDonald's said. McDonald really achieved it. So McDonald's in China have tended to be more acceptable than in the U. S. Indent Even the food's price of McDonald's in China is a little higher than a traditional Chinese fast food restaurant it is cheaper than in the U. S. In the U. S. One meal for a customer will be cost about 4. 00 To 6. 00 With a free refill a drink. In China customers go to a Chinese fast food restaurant that would cost almost 1. 00 But if they go to McDonald it usually costs about 3. 00 To 4. 00 Per meal without a free refill. However more and more Chinese prefer to eat at McDonald's. Indent The cost of the food in McDonald isn't the most important factor for the customers in China so more and more Chinese go to McDonald's. McDonald's in China has more customers at meals time than in the U. S. For example McDonald's usually places up 10 or 15 tables in one store in the U. S. And most time if you go McDonald it is easy to find a table. However in China McDonald usually places up more than 30 tables in one store and if you go McDonald during the lunch time you may wait for a long time. On the weekends or holidays it would be more difficult to find a table. That doesn't mean that the restaurants are smaller. The fact is that eating in McDonald's is a kind of fashion for teenagers in China. Indent The play place and toys in McDonald's attract children very much in China. A play place for children in McDonald is one of the reasons that children like to eat at McDonald's. Sometimes they don't want to eat anything but they may play at the play place long times. In China when a child enters the McDonald's they will go to play place first and their parents yell at them several times before they may go back a site and eat some food. In the U. S. Children like McDonald's play place too but they may not go to McDonald's just for playing. McDonald is so popular in China lead to some children like to have their birthday party at McDonald's. McDonald's will give the child a special food and a toy. The parents like to go to McDonald sometimes because a babysitter in McDonald's can help them watch the children and play some simple games with the children. I didn't see a babysitter in the U. S. Indent As a restaurant from the U. S. McDonald has recently been successful in China. Nowadays McDonald's have caught the customers' eye and changed the teenagers' eating habits. When McDonald's was being challenged in the U. S. Because of the nutrition more and more McDonald's have been opened in China. The reason may be that McDonald's for the Chinese is new so McDonald in China will earn more money than in the U. S.
