Center Studying in the US is better than studying in Thailand Indent Thousands of students around the world as well as students from Thailand enter the United States to study each year. Although there are a lot of excellent schools in many countries the United States is still the most popular destination for students. In my opinion I believe there are three main reasons to explain this phenomenon. To begin with students prefer studying in the United States because of English communication. Students now realize that having better English helps them get better jobs and higher income. Moreover English is considered to be an international language. So with better English they have more job opportunities to work domestically or internationally than those who do not. If students study in English environment in the United States their English skills will be greatly improved. In contrast studying in Thailand students do not have many opportunities to speak and write in English so their language skills are hard to improve. The second reason students want to study in the US is that the quality of education in the US is somewhat higher than that of Thailand. For example most textbooks used in most classes in Thai universities are written by American professors and widely accepted by most of American universities. In addition some course syllabuses of Thai universities are adapted from courses taught in the US. Moreover well known universities in the world are all in the US. Moreover the universities in the US have more variety than Thai universities do. Some specific degrees are not available in Thailand. Besides English preparation and educational quality diversity is another reason that attracts students around the world. They can learn new aspects from international classmates in order to make use of the difference. For example in an MBA class Thai students can discuss about how business goes in Japan from this Japanese friends. This help them easily do business in Japan in the future. In contrast if studying in Thailand students cannot make international connections so they need to strive harder if they want to do business internationally. In conclusion Thai students want to study in the United States because of English communication world class education and networking. It is not surprising that thousands of Thais go to the United States to study each year.
