Lebanon and the United states have very different diets These cuisines are well known in the world as very tasty cuisines and every one of those cuisines is famous for some kind of food. Americans are famous for their burger and hot dog and Lebanese are famous for their kibeh and taboule. However I think that Lebanese foods are healthier than American food because Lebanese food consists on vegetables especially fresh vegetables homemade and it doesn't contain a lot of fat. In contrast American food is greasy and they are usually delivered by fast food chains with a little bite of vegetables. Lebanese throughout the history have been hard working people who work as farmers and plant their vegetables and grains in their back yards. On the other hand Americans are more industrialized and they live in an active society where people can rarely find time to cook at home. This busy life style makes them the Americans rely on fast food companies or eating outside which is generally unhealthy. However we can say that Lebanese can't afford the American life style because it is too expensive for them. They usually eat at home. That makes their diet healthier. Second how people prepare their food plays an important role in its rank as healthy or not healthy. However American diet relies on fast food chains already prepared food or deep fried food. This way of preparing can have severe consequences on health. Also it can lead to medical problems such as high blood pressure diabetes high cholesterol obesity and a lot others. Conversely Lebanese foods are cooked in a healthy way. They are prepared grilled or broiled. Lebanese people rarely fry food. That is why it contains less fat and calories compare to American food. However many studies have showed that Americans should give up their unhealthy food or try to make it better. Third Lebanese foods are usually homemade food. Housewives usually prepare a main course every other day and the family gathers around the table. In this way people make sure that the food is healthy clean and fresh. In contrast American rarely eats at home. Their favorite foods are KFC McDonalds and Burger King. When they prepare food it might be something fast that fit with their schedule because in every home parents normally are at work and they don't have a lot of time to spend on cooking. For all the reason above the variety of the food the fat percentage in this food and its way of preparation make Lebanese diet healthier than the American diet. This diet helps the Lebanese to live a better life and to prevent many diseases.
