Everyone might think respect is important. In Korea respect is very important whenever one person meets another. My friend told me respect means admire someone's opinion and someone's good behavior such as respect boss teacher friend parents etc. So I'm going to present respect different kinds of people in Korea. Firstly people should behave politely including everyone. When you meet people who are younger or older than you you should respect them. For example you should listen to them when they are talking to you. If you don't pay attention to them when they are speaking they can think you are rude or you don't respect them and even they can think you are ignoring them. As a result they can be upset and you will also be upset. In my opinion being politely to everyone in Korea is as same as in the U. S. For example in the U. S. When people want to ask something to other people they usually start with 'Excuse me. ' I think it's such a good way to ask something. Secondly you should be polite to older people. One group of older people is a teacher. When I was young I learned that 'students should respect their teacher because teacher can lead us to a right way. ' I don't expect all teachers can do that in anytime because they are not a perfect person. Even though they are not a perfect person they try to teach us correct things. So I think student should recognize their attitude and respect them. For example students should speak politely when they ask something to their teacher. In Korea we have polite words so when we speak to older people we should put the polite words in the middle or at the end of our speaking. We should also pay attention to their speaking especially they are teaching in the class or they are giving advice. Students should observe like these examples for respecting their teacher. Finally it's also very important to respect older people in Korea. Behaving and speaking politely is a natural thing. When older people give advice young people should accept or try to understand it. In the U. S. People might always think about 'Ladies First ' but in Korea people think about 'Older people first. ' The typical example is in case of riding bus or subway. Some Korean older people are very strictly about respecting them so young people usually don't sit on the Older People Seat. If there are no extra seats and some older people are standing young people should offer their seat to them. There are a lot of ways to respect other people such as respecting our friends but these three things are most important things. Because after we learn how to respect everyone generally then we can think how to respect teachers older people and even friends easily. We should learn it and you should behave properly. If you behave properly eventually people can also respect you.
