Swimming Swimming is a technique in which a player uses a pool or a space that includes water. There are four styles for swimming. They are free style crawl stroke back stroke breast stroke and butterfly stoke. Also the player can swim in the open water as the other swim in pools. In swimming there are a good style and a bad style to swim. The techniques that players use at the pools are four. First freestyle or as some books call it crawl stroke. This style is the fastest one of all other techniques. The player here crawls in water like soldier crawl on the ground. Second the back stroke which is similar to the freestyle but the player here swims and crawls on his back. Third the breast stroke that focuses on the shoulders and breast to get into and out of the water. Lastly the butterfly stroke where the body of the player must be on the breast all the time. Shoulders should be on the same level of the water surface. All these techniques start from a place called starting platform except the back stroke where the player start in the water. Open water swimming in any competition where the player uses a river lake sea or the ocean. Marathon is one of the competitions in open water in which the player swims for 25 km. All open water competitions should use the freestyle stroke. Next competition is the Synchronized Swimming where the player dances in the water according to music. There are three types of competitions solo duet and team. In each competition there are two sections figure and routine. Swimming in a bad or wrong way can cause some problems to the player's body. If the player head and shoulders were outside the surface of the water this makes the player feels tired fast and will reduce his speed. Some people want to be relaxed so they choose to swim in cold water which is wrong. If they want to be relaxed they should use warm water. Cold water will make them feel fresh and a wake. In conclusion swimming has four types of techniques in pools. Also there are two more competitions open water and synchronized. Over all any one wants to swim needs to be a wear about the common mistakes that can happen for the players in the water.
