Balance Of Life I am going to try to give some information about how life can be complicated as a businessman while trying to balance social life and business life. Every single person has some kind of job in order to make money must earn money. Some people are too busy in their jobs so spending too much time in business rather than social life can cause some problems. Social life is the rest of your life instead of the time you try to earn money. This period of time can include holidays entertainments time spent with friends. Balancing between the 2 parts might be difficult for some people according to the job. For example think about a CEO chief executive officer CEOs are the most important managers related to big companies. Since these people are responsible of the actions of these companies they are also responsible for the employees who work for the company. Moreover they are considering how to direct huge amounts of money as you can imagine CEOs have too much responsibilities. Of course these people are ordinary people like everyone they have some social needs to be a happy person. Mostly these kinds of businessmen work overtime and are exhausted and stressful as they get home. At the same time he has a wife and children waiting for him to go out together or spend some time for fun. Whereas he rarely has time for his social life as a result people related to his social life are usually disappointed. A famous manager of one of the biggest companies in Turkey Ufuk Egemen says that I think I am a good manager but I don't think my children think I am a good father. I work everyday to provide them good education and a better future but the only thing they desire is to see me more time. Because when I get home they are asleep and in the morning I have leave before they wake up. There are 2 types of personalities in life type A person and type B person. Type A person is likely to work all the time but the type B person is lazy and likes to spend time having fun or taking rest. I don't think 2 examples are correct ways to live. Balance of life becomes vital in this circumstance. In fact it is really hard to achieve you must try to balance life between social life and business life. You must be hardworking and improve yourself in the field of your job and at the same time you must spend time with your family relatives and for some entertainment. If you spend too much time at work then you'll probably have problems with your family and also some psychological problems might occur in time. If you spend your time too much having fun then you can't be useful in your job you can't improve yourself and you might lose your job. Balancing between the 2 is really important to have a better business and social life. In conclusion the 2 parts of life is important. Nobody can say one part is more important than the other. They are connected and can not be separated. Your social life helps you improve your business life and also your business life helps you improve your social life.
