Center The Beach vs. The Mountains indent Families and groups are always looking forward to their vacation period. There are many options where to think about. I think that the two most common places people choose for taking a vacation are the beach and the mountain. Both of them offer a variety of fun activities and relaxation too. The beach offers activities that the mountain can't offer and vice versa. The beach and the mountain are totally different. The purpose of this essay is to contrast the climate types of activities and locations of both places. Indent The beach is the favorite place for people how live in the cold areas. They travel to the worm area such as people from Pittsburgh take a vacation in Miami. The three aspects of the beach are climate types of activities and location. Warm climate is one of the most important features that the beaches have. The two words that describe the beach are sun and fun. The temperature in those places is always hot. That's narrow the activities to just things near the sea. People can swim play volleyball play soccer and ride water bikes. They can also ride there cars or dance near the sea. In addition in the coastal sites there are night clubs and restaurants where people can party throughout the night. For examples to these places Mexico offers many amazing coastal sites to visit. Acapulco and Cancun are two of the most beautiful and famous beaches in the word. Indent However the same aspects are for the mountain which is the second choice. Climate is always important in order to enjoy vacations. The mountains are for people who like cold weather. The cold climate in the mountains is the first barrier to enjoy them. Both the climate and the temperature of these zones are what determine the types of activities they offer. Snow boarding mountain climbing mountain biking hiking and skiing are some of the activities people can enjoy when going to the mountains. Moreover some families just like to relax in one of the cabins on the mountain areas. There are many regions that have mountains where people can go and have a great break. Canada is one of these places and full of mountain vacation sites. Inside Canada there are many interesting places where people can go and has fun. Indent Most of the time people have fun in the places they choose. People often choose one of these two options to spend their vacations. Depending on what the person likes is what s he will choose. I like the mountain better than the beach because my country has hot weather but sometimes it is better to change the routine and try different places to enjoy.
