Culture Shock Culture shock is psychological shock which feel when people move to an entirely different culture or social environment. We might be frustrated what to do or how to do in the new environment. In fact I have experienced culture shock between American culture and Japanese culture. Culture shock can separate five stages. It's to say that I am in between second and third stage now. I think that culture shock would help me to improve self developmentthrough these stages such as leaning new culture and new language coming into contact with foreigner looking buck my culture etc. The first stage of culture shock is called Cultural Euphoria. In this stage people may be pleased all of new things encountered. Indeed I was excited and stimulated anything that I've never seen and experienced when I came to Pittsburgh at the beginning. For example I couldn't see squirrels in my hometown however I could see squirrels around my apartment. And also I didn't go to parks easily however I can fond the nature places near my apartment. I strolled near my apartment every day at the beginning I came to Pittsburgh. I had a full realization of wonderful new environment. It would say that I could improve self development by sensing the new environment. The second stage of culture shock is called Cultural Confrontation. In this stage people may encounter some difficult situation and crises in daily life. I started feeling inexpedient life after it had been six months. For instance I started leaning English after it had been five months. However I can't express what I want to say and understand what people say. I've thought if I spoke English well. When someone stolen my pouch on the street or I couldn't understand in class if I described what I want to say I have regretted and felt sadness or loneliness that I couldn't express anything. However in other words I am improving self development to encounter difficult situation. The third stage of culture shock is called Cultural Adaptation. In this stage people may start to feel certain psychological balance. I have thought what to do and how to do to adapt new environment. For example if I spoke English well I could reduce to encounter difficult situation. And also if I knew culture and behavior of new environment I wouldn't be frustrated to encounter different culture between American and Japanese. I have been motivated by experiencing difficult situation. It would say that I must improve self development a little by a little through this stage. The fourth stage of culture shock is called Cultural Fluency. In this stage people may feel comfortable new environment. Conversely people realize that the new culture has good things and bad things. And people can find some coping to adapt new culture. For instance people find their method which they unwind. People reconfirm their objective to abroad. People ask someone help without hesitate. If I could unthread from third stage I can feel comfortable in American life. The fifth stage of culture shock is called Re entry Shock. This occurs when a return to the country of origin is made. I may feel common in American life so I feel unusual in Japanese life. In other words I changed what to do or how to do. Conversely Japan may change environment. Culture shock does have many positive effects on intercultural sojourners like increasing self efficacy and helping improve self motivation Lin said. Struggling difficult situation is hard for me however I can improve self development through culture shock such as learning language and other culture. And also most people get culture shock so it's usual process. The point of culture shock is that I would keep having own culture and adapt new culture.
