Two Different Viewpoints of Caffeine Caffeine which people easily admit to take in their life has two different viewpoints which are positive effect and negative effect. People take coffee carbonated drinks and tea easily because it is cheap and has alluring taste. ANON_NAME_0 Griffiths a professor of psychiatry mentioned that caffeine is the world's most commonly used stimulant and it's cheap and readily available. 1 Even though people drink coffee green tea or soda for improving vital power and recovering fatigue they often get addicted to caffeine. Caffeine is consumed being coffee tea and carbonated drinks. Many experts have argued about positive and negative effects of caffeine. Someone who never drinks coffee tea or carbonated drinks might be weird. The effect of caffeine diversifies between individuals. One day I met several people in several place and they asked me to drink coffee. Nevertheless I already exceeded my coffee intake I accepted more coffee. I felt dizzy and sick due to drink coffee excessively. I usually drink two or three cups of coffee daily but Jihyo who is a student of the ELI can't take caffeine to make her feel dizzy. Then how much caffeine is moderate individually Many experts agree that 300 mg of caffeine which is three ounce cups of coffee daily is enough for our health. Dr. ANON_NAME_1 Jarvis a fellow of the Royal College of General Practitioner mentions that up to 450 mg of caffeine per day will not be harmful to the average adult 300 mg is a safe limit for pregnant women. 2 Moderate caffeine is good for mental health. When I arrive at the school I firstly go to the Starbucks which is my habitual place. I usually drink two cups of coffee daily which give me energy and concentration. It is so difficult to resist the temptation of coffee which has a sweet smelling and a faint fragrance. Dr. Jarvis says This is a message about moderation. Too much exercise too much coffee or too much alcohol are bad. In moderation they are beneficial. 3 She emphasizes to observe moderation which is key point to avoid the addiction. It is prejudice to take a caffeine beverage is always bad for our health. When people are abstinent to do something excessively they are able to keep good health. When people watch TV or walk to the street they are affected by several media such as advertising media and alluring smell of coffee shop. People like to drink coffee coke and green tea which are easy to find in any place. Most of them don't realize that they have possibility to be addicted. Caffeine addiction has withdrawal symptoms such as headache anxiety and depression. An anonymous person said I've been having headaches off and on for the past year and noticed that it seems to coincide with days that I don't drink coffee in the morning. . . I'm completely clueless on this and I love coffee so any advice would be helpful. 4 It is important that the effect of caffeine varies between individuals. If you feel anxious or depressing without a little of caffeine you would consider to avoid caffeine intake. Caffeine has two different viewpoints which are positive and negative effect. People take coffee tea or carbonated drinks easily in their life without refusal. Even though experts insist their different opinion constantly many people care nothing and enjoy their taste until they experience some symptoms. Through taking caffeine beverage moderately many people improve life energy. However people experience some withdrawal symptoms when they take caffeine excessively. It is important to keep moderation for our health. References 1 ANON_URLSPAGE_2 ANON_URLSPAGE_3 ANON_URLSPAGE_4 ANON_URLSPAGE_6EKYblrhmOw
