What is Philosophy Philosophy is my major while I was studying in College. Every time when someone asks me What's your major I said My major is philosophy. They always nodded to me in a doubtful fashion and then they didn't say anything. I think that's because most people are not familiar with philosophy and think it's hard to understand. For example in my country I remembered many people asked me to tell them their future after I told them I was studying philosophy. They thought I was a fortuneteller. Anyway learning philosophy won't make you become a fortuneteller for philosophy is not mysterious at all. Philosophy isn't theology though they may have something in common. There are two ways to explain what philosophy is. One way is to explain the word of philosophy and the other way is to talk about some questions you'll discuss in philosophy. First by definition the word 'philosophy' is coined by two separate words 'philo' and 'sophi'. 'Philo' means 'love' and 'sophi' means 'wisdom'. So philosophy means loving wisdom. Next if you were a student whose major is philosophy you'll probably study these three subjects co. First of all the main question of metaphysics is What is existence We all agree physical objects exist for example tables trees books our bodies etc. The question is how about numbers Do they exist How about fictional object like Harry Potter does Harry potter exist How about mind As Descartes said Cogito ergo sum I think therefore I am he claimed that mind must exist. The next subject is mind What is a mind If you'd even seen the movie called AI then we can ask a question Does David have mind In the movie the little boy David his behavior and facial expression are indistinguishable from a real human but he's a robot. The last one is morality. How can we tell what is right and what is wrong For example most people agree with killing someone is wrong but how about killing someone in the war. Is it wrong or right to kill someone in the war Unlike science there is no established fact in philosophy and that is why people can disagree with each other while discussing questions above. Anyway these are just some subjects you'll discuss in a philosophy class and I hope you all get a rough idea about philosophy. In my opinion philosophy is a procedure when you have some kind of questioning and answering about above those questions. Thus I believe most people are studying philosophy in their daily life even though they didn't notice that.
