I believe that stress has many different definitions. There are scientific and public definitions. However my definition is the unusual body and mental reaction toward our daily difficulties at home work street and with our relationships. For instance you can feel stress one day because you have to meet somebody then you have to go to the bank and you have to prepare your bag because your flight is after four hours. Another example is if you are late and you don't catch the bus it will cause you stress. So the stress happens because there are causes which are effects in our bodies and mental and you have to learn what are reduce stress. After defining stress we have to know what causes stress. Stress has been happened form things that we are not planning for. For example if you have a meeting for a new job and you are stuck in traffic for half an hour then you will be stressed. Also if you are late for your international flight it will cause you stress. In my opinion if people managed their time then a high percentage of stress will be reduced. If you are stress you can't do things in the right way. In addition you can't decide the right decision. For that you have to learn some exercises which will reduce your stress such as relaxing massage deep breathing and meditation. You don't have to train like Jackie Joyner Kersee to get the rewards. Short session reduce anxiety as much as longer ones do reports John Raglin Ph. D. Associate professor in the department kinesiology at Indiana University in Bloomington. But if you decide to undertake a more difficult workout ask your self weather you'll really be able to continue with it If you can't you will probably end up feeling guilty. Then you're right back where you started says Dr. Maharam. Try to do on for few minuets daily then you will feel the difference. Stress is effect in our bodies and mental and we know which causes stress. Also we learn how to reduce stress. Reference Ediger and Pavlik. 1999 . Reading Connections high intermediate. OXFORD.
