Culture shock Culture shock is a phenomenon used to describe a condition of confusion and anxiety affection experienced by a person that happens when they go to live in a new alien culture that is different with their own culture. Culture shock related to confusion and anxiety stress to a person. They often met with stress which is caused by being forced to meet needs in unfamiliar ways . Their language and companionship usually difference. How can culture shock happen . It is caused by unfamiliar with new culture not able to speak the language fluently understand others what they say not knowing how too be behaved in a new culture. Severe culture shock moving to a foreign country often consists of distinct phases. Culture shock usually can be divided in 3 phases the honeymoon phase the shock phase adaption phase. Not everyone moves through the phases and not everyone is in the new culture long enough to pass through all three. The Honeymoon Phase is described for the first period the differences between the old and new culture are seen in a romantic light wonderful and new. As many people first move to a new country they might love the new foods the pace of the life the people's habits the buildings and so on. The second stage shock stage is known as everything is awful. After a few days or weeks or may be months later minor differences between the old and new culture begin to add up to become tiresome and annoying. They may long for food the way it is prepared back home may find the pace of life too fast or slow may find the people's habits annoying etc. The third stage adaption stage is known as everything is ok. After a few days or weeks or may be months later they grow accustomed to the new culture's differences and develops routines. They no longer react to the new culture positively or negatively because it no longer feels like a new culture. They become concerned with basic living again as they were in their original culture. Not everyone moves through the phases and not everyone is in the new culture long enough to pass through all three stages. There is also one stage called Reverse Culture Shock saware of any differences in this new country and they will be prepared to deal with them whenever possible. Be open minded about the new culture they will met and prepare to learn mew things. Some researchers claim that culture shock does have many positive effects on intercultural sojourners like increasing self efficacy Milstein T 2005 . Be prepared to learn and timing can reduce the stress of culture
