The Effect of Bad Diet's Habits in Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabian ordinary diet is opining the door to a lot of health problems. In spite of the good Saudi diet habits. Such as drinking good amounts of milk daily and consuming good amounts of proteins and carbohydrates. However these good diet habits are spoiled by using high amount of salt fat and sugar which danger Saudi health and exhaust health care economy. Even though there are many benefits gained by adding salt sodium and chloride to the foods. For examples it maintains the electrolytes balance inside and out side the cells helps in transmitting nerve impulses and proper muscle function. As mentioned in an article in about sport medicine January 25 2007 . There are risks should be considered . Such as Hypertension Cardiovascular diseases and stroke. Mentioned in an Salt and Health article . Salt Institute web site. Thus the relationship between high percentage of hypertension patients in Saudi Arabia and salted Saudi Arabian cuisines like Kabsa and other traditional peppery cuisines is clear . Second consuming high amount of fat is unhealthy. Frankly old Saudi Arabian generation were consuming high amount of fat . For examples lamb tail local ghee and butter. Which might be ok because old Saudi's daily life of work might consumes that huge amount of fat in daily basis . For examples cultivating lands grazing cattles and using their feet in order to go to their jobs. Unfortunately Saudi people now a day still eat high level of fat because the prevalence of fast foods which use animal's oil bad cholesterol oil plus the majority of Saudi's adults don't consume this fat instead live sedentary life. So the result of this kind of diet is clear obesity and more cardiovascular problems. Further more even though the effect of sugar is well known consuming of big amount of sugar still high . Because of traditional full of sugar or honey foods like Arica or Mabthota in southern province of kingdom for example . Or because of wealth and presence of delicious candies and sugar. Now one third of Saudi's are unfortunately having diabetes. Report from Saudi's minister of health. Finally no doubt eating these kind of foods with out taking some precautions are risky. However Saudi's minister of health get concern and it is played an important role to rise the risks of these unhealthy diets and the Saudi people themselves start getting awareness and taking care about the kind of diet they suppose to eat. References 1 Elizabeth Quinn . Sodium Salt Needs for Athletes. About Sports Medicine. ANON URLSITE. January 25 2007 2 Salt and Health. Salt institute. ANON URLSITE.
