Should high school students wear uniforms Indent In many countries whether students should wear uniforms or not is usually a discussable issue and there is no exception in my country Taiwan. In Taiwan almost all high school students need to wear uniforms when they go to school. There are many educationalists who support students wearing uniforms because they believe wearing uniforms not only can teach them how to follow the rules but also a good ways to recognize students. However it's an incorrect idea and there is no advantage of wearing uniforms. Thus I stand for high school students shouldn't wear uniforms when they go to school. Indent First of all some educationalists think that students should wear uniforms because wearing uniforms teaches them how to follow the rules. However there are many other ways to teach them how to follow the rules. For example we ask students to come to school on time if they don't come on time we can blame them. We also can ask students to follow the schedule we give them. Those are appropriate ways for them to know the importance of the rules. Thus we don't need to ask them to wear uniforms just because we want them to learn how to follow the rules. Indent Second educationalist may think that wearing uniform is a good way to recognize which groups of students are from which school. It might be a suitable way for students to recognize their schoolmates but it's hard for others to distinguish every student. We can show our personality by wearing different clothes but we can't show our personality by wearing uniforms because the uniform is the same in the same school. If there is a kidnap an eyewitness may only say they see someone in which kind of uniforms but the eyewitness can't distinguish the child by point out which color of clothes he or she wears. Thus the wear is an important way to distinguish a person students should wear their personal clothes instead their uniforms. Indent Third some parents think that wearing uniforms can save students' money. Students don't need to buy extra clothes for school and they don't need to spend time thinking what they should wear when they go to school. Actually students also need to buy clothes for their weekend or the time out of class. Because they only have a little time to wear other clothes they will buy many fashionable clothes and they won't save money because of wearing uniforms. Indent Most important of all students need to enjoy their freedom and they should have the right to decided what they want to wear when they go to school. Freedom is very important to everyone and students are no exception. Even if they have their freedom to choose which kind of clothes they want it won't influence others thus they should have this right of freedom and enjoy it. Indent In conclusion wearing uniform is not good ways to teach students how to follow the rules to recognize students either to save students' money. In addition freedom is the most important part we need to focus on. If students can enjoy the freedom of the wear and the uniform is one of their choices I believe there will be only a few students who choose the uniform as their clothes when they go to school. Therefore the education department shouldn't institute the rule which stipulate students should wear uniforms when they go to school.
