Indent Stem cell research is a novel science that is promising in helping to cure many debilitating diseases such as cancer Alzheimer and Parkinson's. It may also help patients who are candidates for organ transplantation. Although many people are against this kind of research for various concerns tight government regulations may help ensure that ethical standards are respected and the major potential benefits of stem cell research are not compromised. Stem cell research is a well known field in which cancer patients are hoping to find a cure. Not only cancer but other diseases like Alzheimer Parkinson's and end stage organ failure heart kidney liver . These diseases are very common these days and they are the cause of death for many patient. By using stem cell research preliminary data show that scientists could be able to do a lot in order to help them. For instance scientists are doing experiments where they infuse stem cells into damaged hearts helping to repair some of the damage which otherwise could never be repaired. Therefore experimentation with stem cells under tight regulations should not be prohibited but encouraged for the promise they pose in helping many sick patients. In addition stem cell research is the new hope for many transplant patients with failing organs who are waiting for donors. It is sad that many of the donors of human organs lose their lives before they can donate to save other people lives. In the future it may be possible to clone organs like kidneys lungs and hearts for transplant patients. This is a hope for these patients to live a normal life again. Despite the benefit of stem cell research many people oppose this research because of certain ethical or religious concerns. These all should be respected and a national dialogue should be encouraged to discuss the various issues and come up with a national consensus. One question to all is that if your loved one could be cured by this form of research would you still say no to it. Also scientist says that the embryo is not a life unless it implants in the womb. Therefore they say that their action don't destroy lives. Despite the fact that embryonic stem call research is a controversial issue it still the hope for many patients who are waiting for organs or for cancer patients who are about to die. Therefore using this embryo in curing diseases should be a priority on our society but scientist shouldn't cross any barriers.
