Limiting the Size of Young Family indent The size of young family in each country takes a lot of time from different classes of people to decide which better for our live and our countries. There are many people support the opinion says we should limit the size of young family for many reason most of us as parents are workers we don't have a lot of time to spend it with our children however in my opinion we should extend the size of young family instate limit it for many reasonable argues. The first reason that may claimed by some people who support limiting the size of young family is most parents are workers therefore they can't take care for many children. It could be reasonable! However there are many ways we could use to solve this problem. First we should find some reliable people to care our children while we are in our jobs. To give an example it should be there many day cares which have good methods to deal with children around us. Second we can also ask some of our relatives to help us about caring our children however that will not be available if our relatives even limit their families' size. For instance once I was talking to one of my neighbors he said I only have two brothers and on sister all of whom live in different reign and if I had more one here in Pittsburgh I would put my young son with. Thus far these two beneficial solutions will help worker parents to care their children. The second reason according to some people believe that limiting size of young family should be followed is if the parents don't have enough time to their children they don't have to have many children because they believe we should set aside some of our time for our children if we want them to be active people in their communities. It's wonderful thinking however I don't think the children need a lot of time to care them by their parents. In the other words parents can spend enough time with their children by meet them on dinner table or on the weekends. In case some of children need some advice or consults the parents should select suitable time to discuss with them individually. However the average percentage of the time spending to their children individually will not take more than 5 8 a month. Therefore we can spend quality time with our children if we think about how much time really they need. In addition to preceding argues that we should not limit the size of young family most countries stand a lot on their young because they are their future. It is really problem when we don't extend the size of young family. If we don't do that we find ourselves in hug dilemma because adults' rate will be doubles the young rate. That means more retired adults and less fresh workers. Therefore after a couple years the country will be insignificant. For example I don't imagine how the consistency will be in Europe between the adults and young rate because the rate of birth there is roughly the same rate of the death. Consequently we have to increase the rate of young in our communities to make our countries are lively and active. From all of that I believe that increasing the number of young in family is very important. Although we are workers and we don't have a lot of time to our children we can ask some trusty people to care our children in our hectic days and spend enough time with them as a group and lastly we should not forget our young are our future.
