Center Unlimited High Speed indent Without a doubt unlimited high speed has advantages and disadvantages. The advantages of the high speed are a lot comparing to its disadvantages. However sometimes people think that unlimited high speed is sort if wasting a lot of valuable things. Nevertheless there are many cases that many people might not be able or even willing to handle them if they couldn't drive a little bit faster. Moreover it might be difficult for them to get or to be in their houses or dinners on time or even their appointment which causes a big issue on them. In terms of making the speed at the highways unlimited ought to be a great idea for almost the whole nations. Indent Although the gas might run out from the car the emergency cases must take its place in the road which is a great idea to drive faster than the speed limit. In fact it's necessary for many people especially in unpopulated areas to have the right to drive above the speed limited. As an example a long time ago one of my friends was very sick in that time and in where he lives it was difficult for the ambulance to enter that area which it was very crowded by old houses and narrow streets. Therefore he got a stroke and died later because the ambulance couldn't come on time since the distance between the hospital and his house is long. However if we assumed that people who were around that area could drive him to the hospitable without the ambulance fast would be alive currently but people are afraid to take someone in this case without permitting from the government. It's harmful for his relatives to be accepted this problem. Indent Basically the accidents are everywhere in the entire world. A lot of people get accidents each single day. Whether you drive fast or not never people know when they will get there even crashed accidentally. It just our natural things which make mistake in almost every day. However the new cars are designed to keep you safe in the road in the extreme cases such as bad weather or drivers. In additional the companies would run their business faster than recently since they would move their equipments and customer's stuff faster than usual. Indent Obviously the taxes might go up a little bit for a while but even the salary would be increased. Therefore both of the sides would not be a big deal for people. In fact the taxes have been increasing for many reasons such as the wars in the other side of the world. It means that there are many effects the taxes to be increased. Indent In summarized being on time at the appointments is very important. In fact it is required in all the time such as at the emergency and new jobs. In additional the new cars are designed to be safer than others. Finally taxes have been going to the top very fast which is not a big problem for many people. Speed limit was important in the past because people were tending to be afraid about the accidents and the taxes. Nevertheless nowadays the taxes have been increasing and also the cars are more faster than in the past.
