Center The Violence Should End Up in Cartoon Indent Cartoons are the most important TV programs for children. They spend most of their time to watch it and they completely lose in cartoon. Children not only imitate the words in cartoon they also copy the action of the characters. Even though some producers of cartoon argue that the cartoon violence doesn't lead to the children to be aggressive in the real world and they sometimes teach children how to be heroes in fact the cartoon violence actually influences the Children's behaviors in reality and gives an incorrect form of heroes in children's mind. Therefore the experts and parents suggest that the government should have a law to resist the violence in cartoon. Indent The TV producers state that evidence simply does not show that watch violence in cartoon either produces violence in children or desensitizes them to do it. However if we look at the child behaviors carefully we will find very clear that a child who watches the cartoon violence is much more likely to hit other children and break toys. The children behaviors become more aggressive. As a little child they can't distinguish the different between the cartoon world and the real world. The only thing impressed in their mind is to solve a problem by the violence and they just imitate them simply. For example an experiment compared two groups of children that one group children watched violent cartoon and the others watched nothing. The first group children are more aggressive than the other. Also the boys were more influenced than the girls because boys more like the violent cartoon than girls. Indent Heroes usually exist in a violent cartoon. It really attracts the children's eyes. Some people think it help child build the confidence and win people's approval with being heroes but most of children was learned a wrong view about heroes. In a violence cartoon heroes always injure or kill the evil person or sometimes the heroes use violence to seek revenge. It could give an incorrect view about heroes. Children think heroes could be a person who fight the bad person using their own weapon or energy but in the real world that is rarely happened. On the contrary heroes have a different form. For instance the sport starts that got a champion in a game could be regarded as heroes without bad consequences for children. Thus the reality heroes can be variety forms and most of them could not use the violence. Indent The TV producers present the violent cartoon can not affect children future lives but the fact that is the viewing patterns children establish as toddlers will influence their viewing habits throughout their lives. Since toddlers have a strong preference for violent cartoons there is considerable likelihood that the toddlers get use to violence in their actions and that become a habit little by little for children. The scientists show their result of experiment which shows children who watched more violence in cartoon have more violence in their adult life to treat their partners. Therefore the violence in cartoon are influencing children's habit tend to violence. Indent Children of different ages watch and understand television in different ways depending on the length of their attention spans the ways in which they process information the amount of mental effort they invest and their own life experiences. These variables must all be examined to gain an understanding of how television violence affects them. The tendency of violence is a serious aspect for a growing child so we need to pay more attentions to the actions what the child imitate. At this time the child's behaviors and habits have being built. The aggression can be caused by the cartoon violence. Therefore the government should make a standard and a law to end up the violent cartoon for the children.
