The Effect of Bad Diet's Habits in Saudi Arabia The Saudi Arabian ordinary diet is opening the door to a lot of health problems In spite of the good Saudi diet habits such as drinking good amounts of milk daily and consuming good amounts of proteins and carbohydrates. However these good diet habits are spoiled by using high amount of salt fat and sugar which endanger Saudi health. In spite of unhealthy salted Saudi cuisines there are many benefits can be gained by adding salt to the food. For example it maintains the electrolytes balance inside and outside the cells helps in transmitting nerve impulses and proper muscle function. According to an article of sport medicine 2007 . However There are risks should be considered such as Hypertension Cardiovascular diseases and stroke. According to Salt and Health article 2007 . Thus the relationship between the high percentage of hypertensive patients in Saudi Arabia and salted Saudi Arabian cuisines like Kabsa and other traditional peppery cuisines is clear. Second consuming a high amount of fat is unhealthy. Frankly old Saudi Arabian generation were consuming high amount of fat for example lamb tail local ghee and butter. This might have been ok because the old Saudi's daily life of working might have consumed that huge amount of fat in an a daily basis for example cultivating lands grazing cattles and using their feet in order to go to their jobs. Unfortunately Saudi people nowadays still eat a high level of fat because of the prevalence of fast foods which use animal's oil which is full of bad cholesterol plus the majority of Saudi adults don't consume this fat because they don't have to walk to work or cultivate their framers instead wealthy life and presence of cars make them focusing on office work and wile a manual hard works are handled by cheap foreign workers. Thus the result of these kinds of sedentary life and bad fatty diet such as fast foods sandwiches is clear obesity and more cardiovascular problems. Furthermore even though the bad effect of sugar is well known the Saudi people still consuming a big amount of sugar. May be because of traditional foods which is full of sugar or honey . For example Arica or Mabthota in the southern province of kingdom and because of wealth and the presence of delicious candies and sugar. Furthermore Nowadays 23 7 of Saudi people are unfortunately having diabetes. According to a report from Saudi's minister of health 2007 . Finally there is no doubt that eating these kind of foods without taking some precautions are risky. However Saudi's minister of health is making a constrictive effort to get people concern about the relationship between what they are eating and the consequences which they may suffer and the people start joining together against this internal risk ''bad diet' by eating daily healthy amount of each specific food and water as a preservative procedure and doing some exercises at least walking as an effective way to consume their food energy . References 1 Elizabeth Quinn . Sodium Salt Needs for Athletes. About Sports Medicine. ANON URLSITE. January 25 2007 2 Salt and Health. Salt institute. ANON URLSITE. 8April 2007 3 ANON_NAME_0 Alawaji. Diabetes . Saudi minister of health. 2 17 2007
