When the people move to a new culture they will see some thing different from their own culture because there are no same cultures in this world. Even if you get deeper in this life you will see different culture from family to family. Moreover adapting to new culture depends on the time you are going to live. However if the time is going to be long period then you should adapt to the new culture. For immigrant it is better for them to adapt to the new culture they are living in. Immigrants should adapt their language to the new culture. It is not a big problem if you speak your native language and learn and adapt to the new language. In my opinion it is important to speak the new culture's language. First if you adapt to the new language it will not affect your native language and you will never forget your native language. For example I am living in US and I am learning English whereas I speak my native language very well and maybe better than before. Also when you adapt to the new language it makes it easy to contact with people to strike up the conversation and to make new friends. In addition in case of the police stop you you will be in trouble if you don't understand the police. Generally people will give you attention when you speak their language so it is very important to adapt to the new language. One more important thing for the immigrant is to adjust or change to the customs of the new culture they are living in. Sometimes customs are difficult to change but it is necessary to adjust. For instance if you invite your class meets or coworkers it is polite to treat them in their own customs also it make them fell comfortable. As an example this story happen to me nine months ago I invite my Asian class meet in my place and I have hookah when he saw the hookah he thought that it is illegal drugs because he said this is my first time I see it and I feel impressed when he said that but I told him about it. Adjusting to the new culture is very important for the chain of the life and being involved with the culture you are living in. In addition to the language and the customs the way of life needs to adjust and change. If you use to hangout with friends from your culture try to hang out with friends from the new culture and by the time you will feel every thing easy. For example change your clothes styles and adjust to wear like them for me I will be noticeable if I wear my traditional dress in US and I will be different from others. Moreover it is better to adjust to their foods and interest. Otherwise you will be isolated and different from others. In conclusion adjusting to the new culture gives you the opportunity to be involved in the community. Try to adapt to the new culture by doing the things that are easy to do like speaking their language learn their customs and do like them in the way of the life. Finally they always say when in Rome do as Romans do .
