Topic Is it better for immigration to adapt to the culture they are living in Outline 1. Learning the new language is the most important part. 2. Adapting the ways of life When people immigrate to another country they have to face and overcome a variety of problems such as communicating with others adapting the different ways of life or changing some behaviors. Because human beings are social animals it is impossible to live alone in the whole life and not to contact with other people. It is better for immigrants to adapt to the culture they are living in. From learning the new language and adapting the new ways of life we can understand the importance of adapting the new culture. Learning the new language is the best way of assimilating into another country for immigrants. By using languages people can communicate each other and express their thinking. Then they could know each other and be agreed by others. Moreover in order to get information such as the weather report shopping information or utility bills people should recognize the words. If people do not understand the meaning of it how can they deal with every day affairs Still someone refusing to learn a new language which people use claims that he can stay at home and only go to the stores in which workers speak as the same language as he does. Basically he should know how to get the stores. Hence he needs to know how to read a map and remember the streets' names. When he tries to do that he is actually learning the language. Therefore learning the new language is very essential ability to live in anther country. The other reason for immigrants is to adapt the new ways of life. The ways of life are based on the environment where people are living. When living in a different cultural environment they need to adjust their behaviors and customs in order to get along with others. Thus they start to try new food watch the popular TV programs and change as others do. For instance the weekend days in Middle East are not on Saturday and Saturday. If Middle East people immigrate to the U. S. They have to change their weekend to Saturday and Sunday or it is very difficult to find a job in the U. S. Therefore adapting the new ways of life is also necessary. In reality sometimes people have no discretions. In conclusion when immigrants settle in a new environment it is really better to adapt the new culture. The best strategies are learning the language and adapting the new ways of life. Although it takes a lot of time to accept new things in the process of adjusting their behaviors and lifestyles people will feel that they are accepted gradually and are part of the new society.
