Many people these days are trying to seek better life by immigrant to other countries. Definitely it is better for them to adapt the new life there however it is important for the immigrants to keep holding their native culture's believe and custom. Because wherever they do they will not consider as part of other culture. That means if you are immigrant you should adapt to the culture which you are living in but you will not consider as a member of that culture. All the discriminations in the world stand from that point. Thus you must remain your believes and custom. Adaptation other culture will let you compromise your believe. For example I'm Muslim and I have to pray five times a day. On other words I have specific time to pray. Thus time is important to me however get a long with the US culture will make me forget about my pray's time. Time is important to the Americans people because it is for the work. Subsequently believe will be effect as a matter of fact because of adaptation other culture. On the other hand believe is important part in everyone's soul and that makes it impossible to change it and you should enhance to your believe. In addition to adjust other cultures lead you to forget about your roots you should change your custom. Indeed that it is what you should not do for two main reasons. First of all if that happens we will have multi culture. As you know everyone has pride of his her culture and especially custom. For that change one custom means helping other culture to continue and spread all over the sea. As result other's custom penetrates other countries and blend with it. Those make a lot of other countries' customs vanish easily and having multi culture. Second reason is some customs related to believe or religions so change custom will effect one's believe or religion. To illustrate adaptation to The US custom in women's clothes outdoor and do not wear veil will effect my believe because I'm Muslim and doing that is forbidden in my religion. For these reasons leaving your custom will end up disappear other culture and hurt other religion. All in all believes and customs are something very important in many kinds of the culture. Changing to others culture will not make you one of them. Thus why you change your believe and custom if that will not make you a member of them. Otherwise you will be the first cause of multi culture and vanishing of your culture.
