Centre The Beach vs. The Mountains indent Families and groups are always looking forward to their vacation period. There are many options where to think about. The two most common places people choose for taking a vacation are the beach and the mountain. Both of them offer a variety of fun activities and relaxation too. The beach offers activities that the mountain can't offer and vice versa. The beach and the mountain are totally different and the facts that we may consider are climate types of activities and locations of both places. Indent The beach is the favorite place for people how live cold areas. In addition people travel to the warm area such as Miami. Warm climate is one of the most important features that the beaches have. The two words that describe the beach are sun and fun. The temperature in those places is always hot. That narrows the activities to just things near the sea. People can swim play volleyball play soccer and ride water bikes. They can also drive their cars or dance near the sea. In addition in the coastal sites there are night clubs and restaurants where people can party throughout the night. For example Mexico offers many amazing coastal sites to visit. And Acapulco and Cancun are two of the most beautiful and famous beaches in the word. Indent However the same facts are to the mountain which is the second choice. Climate is always important in order to enjoy vacations. The mountains are for people who like cold weather. The cold climate in the mountains is the first barrier to enjoy them. Both the climate and the temperature of these zones determine the types of activities they offer. Snow boarding mountain climbing mountain biking hiking and skiing are some of the activities people can enjoy when going to the mountains. Moreover some families just like to relax in one of the cabins at the mountain areas. There are many regions that have mountains where people can go and have a great break. Canada is full of mountain vacation sites. Inside Canada there are many interesting places where people can go and have fun. Indent Depending on what the person likes is what s he will choose. Most of the time people have fun in the places they choose. People often choose one of these two options to spend their vacations. I like the mountain better than the beach because my country has hot weather but sometimes it is better to change the routine and try different places to enjoy.
