Nowadays many people try to immigrate to another country. Immigration is different from just visiting other countries. People who immigrate to the other place will live there for a long time. In this case what is better way to live in another country Is it better for immigrants to change and adapt to the culture they are living in or is it more important for them to hold on to their native culture. As I said they will live in the new place where they are going to go for a long time. Thus adapting in new culture is helpful for immigrants. First in language immigrants should learn about new language. If they come to the U. S they should study English to live with Americans. Unless they can communicate with Americans they cannot be a part of community in the U. S. If they cannot be a member of community it will make them feel just like they are outsiders. It is not just because of English which is global language. Even if they immigrate to Korea they need to know a few words to buy something or to eat new food. I think learning language is a big part to adapt for immigrants Second adapting way of life is also a big part for immigrants to live in another country. For example when I came to the U. S at first time I didn't know exactly how much I need to pay for tipping. So I made mistake and it was very shy for me. Furthermore every system in daily life is different from immigrants' native country. Food will be different and weather will be also different. They need to adapt them to live comfortably. On the other hand some people worry about forgetting their roots when they adapt other culture too much. However adapting is not the same as forgetting their roots. It is not easy to forget someone's spirit and mind from their native country. Even though someone lives in foreign country for a long time their roots will be always in their mind. Adapting which makes people live more comfortably in new place is very important in our life. In fact our world is changing every day. A human always need to adapt for everything. In spite of this fact if someone sticks with his her own life style they can be in trouble. Each place has each characteristic such as laws culture and people. We need to understand their characteristics and try to get used to them especially immigrants.
