Some people have to travel or go abroad for many purposes so they might have a lot of problems about new culture. There are many reasons that can make immigrants feel not comfortable with. It is better for immigrants to change or adapt to the culture where they are living in. First immigrants should do everything in the same ways of life as the native people. There are many ways of life that immigrants have to do the same such as how to take a bus how to leave a tip and etc. If immigrants don't do the same way as others the native people might think that those immigrants are very strange. Immigrants might not be treated in the good ways. When immigrants need some help they will not get help from their neighbors. Second communication with each others is an important thing that human needs to contact and stay peacefully with others in a society so immigrants should try to use the native language. The native people would like to talk with others in their own language. If immigrants can speak with them in native language immigrants can get friendships with neighbors easily. If immigrants don't adapt to use the native language eventually immigrants might not be able to stay in that society. Finally laws in a society can control everyone in the society so everyone in the society must follow the laws although the law might be different from the immigrant country's law. Immigrants must do a duty of the society where they are living if not they night get some trouble with the government. These things can cause immigrants a lot in many ways such as immigrants' education health service and immigrant service. On the contrary belief is the hardest thing that might be changed by immigrants. When immigrants stay in other countries whose belief is different from their belief immigrants don't need to change it however they should adapt their customs in some ways. They should respect in other belief and keep their belief in mind. In conclusion in one society if someone doesn't do in the same way as others do they may have a lot of problems. As a result they can't stay in that society no longer.
