Should high school students wear uniforms In many countries whether students should wear uniforms or not is usually a debatable issue and there is no exception in my country Taiwan. In Taiwan almost all high school students need to wear uniforms when they go to school. There are many educationalists who support students wearing uniforms because they believe wearing uniforms not only can teach them how to follow the rules but it also a good way to recognize students. However it's an incorrect idea and there is no advantage in wearing uniforms. Thus high school students shouldn't wear uniforms when they go to school. First of all some educationers think that students should wear uniforms because wearing uniforms teaches students how to follow the rules. However there are many other ways to teach them how to follow the rules. For example we ask students to come to school on time if they don't come on time we blame them. We also ask students to follow the schedule we give them. Those are appropriate ways for them to know the importance of the rules. Thus we don't need to ask students to wear uniforms just because we want them to learn how to follow the rules. Second educationers may think that wearing uniforms is a good way to recognize which groups of students are from which school. It might be a suitable way for students to recognize their schoolmates but it's hard for others to distinguish every student. We can show our personality by wearing different clothes but we can't show our personality by wearing uniforms because the uniform is the same in the same school. If there is a kidnapping an eyewitness may only say they saw someone in a particular kind of uniforms but the eyewitness can't distinguish the child by pointing out which color of clothes he or she wore. Thus personal style wear is an important way to distinguish a person and students should wear their personal clothes instead of their uniforms. Third some parents think that wearing uniforms can save students money. Students don't need to buy extra clothes for school and they don't need to spend time thinking of what they should wear when they go to school. Actually students also need to buy clothes for their weekend or the time out of class. Because students only have a little time to wear other clothes they will buy many fashionable clothes and they won't save money because of wearing uniforms. Most important of all students need to enjoy their freedom and they should have the right to decide what they want to wear when they go to school. Freedom is very important to everyone and students are no exception. Even if they have their freedom to choose which kind of clothes they want it won't influence others. Absolutely they should have this right to enjoy it. In conclusion wearing uniforms is not good a way to teach students how to follow the rules to recognize students neither to save students' money. Especially freedom is the most important part we need to focus on. If students can enjoy the freedom of what they can wear and the uniform is one of their choices I believe there will be only a few students who choose the uniform as their clothes when they go to school. Therefore the education department shouldn't institute the rule which stipulates students should wear uniforms when they go to school.
