Center Drinking alcohol should be prohibit. Indent Legalizing or not legalizing alcohol has been a public debate for centuries. Some people enjoy drinking and agree with legalizing the use of alcohol while others do not. People supporting drinking have their own reasons however the reasons of others who do not support legalizing alcohol outweigh those of alcohol supporters. Indent People who are in favor of drinking or legalizing alcohol usually claim that they have rights to do anything the want and that their actions do not have any effect on others however they are partly right in saying that drinking only causes health effect on drinkers not others who don't. In fact however being drunk leads to others harmful actions affecting others. For example 95 percent of car accidents and road casualties results from drunk drivers. Moreover people under alcohol's influence often act recklessly. For instance it is said that 80 percent of violence in women and children results from men who are drunk. Indent Moreover drinkers claim that being slightly drunk is only one kind of entertainment they are right. However there are many other alternatives to relax and entertain such as jogging which are so much better than drinking in terms of expense health and mental effects. If we compare drinking and jogging we will find that jogging is better than drinking in all aspects. For example a bottle of beer costs you 3 5 dollars so it will cost you over 1000 dollars a year if you drink a bottle a day while jogging 30 minutes a day costs nothing. Moreover alcohol consumption always causes health damage no matter how much you drink while jogging 30 minutes a day can prevent heart attacks. Furthermore you can enhance your mental health while jogging by seeing and talking to other people on the street. Unlike jogging sitting in a noisy crowded bar being surrounded by drunken people and drinking alcohol cannot help you better your mental health. Indent In addition although people who drink admit that drinking is bad for health they keep drinking anyway. The reason given is that alcohol is not as harmful as other kinds of drugs such as weed narcotics or ecstasy. However they are wrong. It is said that drinking alcohol can cause brain damage liver cancer hallucinations and other kinds of health and mental illness as other kinds of drugs do but it may take longer time to notice than those other drugs. Moreover drinking alcohol possibly leads to the use of other harmful drugs. Drinkers against this claim might say that they are mature enough to control themselves not to try other kinds of drugs and that the majority of drinker can do so. However 95 percent of people who succumb to many diseases caused by drug use admit that drinking was their first step. Therefore we can conclude that drinking leads to other drugs use despite the low percentage of drug addicts compared with drinkers. Indent In conclusion if the use of alcohol was prohibited the violence in women and children would be decreased dramatically. Moreover people would be healthier and save more money. Finally the number of drug addicts would be deceased markedly. Every government should stop producing and selling alcohol and the world would be a nicer place to live.
