Center Violence Should End in Cartoons Indent Cartoons are the most important TV programs for children. Children spend most of their time watching those and completely losing in cartoons. Children not only imitate the words in cartoons they also copy the actions of the characters. Even though some producers of cartoons argue that cartoon violence doesn't lead to children being aggressive in the real world and they sometimes teach children how to be heroes in fact cartoon violence actually influences children's behavior in reality and delivers an incorrect state of heroes in children's minds. Therefore experts and parents suggest that the government should have a law to prohibit the violence in cartoon. Indent TV producers state that some evidence simply does not show that watching violence in cartoon either produces violence in children or desensitizes them to it. However if we look at child behavior carefully we will find very clearly that a child who watches cartoon violence is much more likely to hit other children and break toys. The children's behavior becomes more aggressive. As a little child they can't distinguish the difference between the cartoon world and the real world. The only thing impressed in their mind is to solve a problem by violence and they just simply imitate that. For example an experiment compared two groups of children who one group of children watched violent cartoons and the others watched nothing. The first group of children is more aggressive than the other. Also the boys were more influenced than the girls because boys like the violent cartoons more than girls. Indent On the other hand heroes usually exist in a violent cartoon. This really attracts the children's eyes. Some people think it helps child build confidence and win people's approval by being heroes but most children was learned a wrong view about heroes. In a violence cartoon heroes always injure or kill the evil person or sometimes the heroes use violence to seek revenge. This could give an incorrect view about heroes. Children think heroes could be a person who fights a bad person using their own weapons or energy but in the real world that rarely happens. On the contrary heroes have a different form. For instance the sport start that gets a champion at a game could be regarded as heroes without bad consequences for children. Thus real heroes are many varieties of forms and most of them never use violence. Indent TV producers argued that violent cartoons cannot affect children's future lives but the fact is that the viewing patterns children establish as toddlers will influence their viewing habits throughout their lives. Since toddlers have a strong preference for violent cartoons there is considerable likelihood that the toddlers got used to violence in their actions and that became a habit little by little. The results of some experiments also show children who watched more violence in cartoons are more violence in their adult life treat their partners. Therefore violence in cartoon is influencing children's habits to tend to violence. Indent Children of different ages watch and understand television in different ways depending on the length of their attention spans the ways in which they process information the amount of mental effort they invest and their own life experiences. These variables must all be examined to gain an understanding of how television violence affects them. The tendency in violence is a serious character for a growing child so we need to pay more attentions to the actions that the child imitates. At this time the child's behaviors and habits are being built. The parents should avoid the children's aggression caused by the cartoon violence. Therefore the government should make a standard and a law to end violent cartoons for children.
