Two Different Viewpoints of Caffeine Caffeine which people easily admit to take in their life has both positive and negative effects. People drink coffee carbonated beverages and tea readily because they are cheap and have an alluring taste. ANON_NAME_0 Griffiths a professor of psychiatry mentions that caffeine is the world's most commonly used stimulant Stockton 2004 p 1 . Even though people drink coffee green tea or soda for improving vitality and alleviating fatigue they often get addicted to caffeine. Many experts have argued about the positive and negative effects of caffeine. Never drinking coffee tea or carbonated beverages might be impossible. The effect of caffeine differs from one individual to the next. One day I met with several people in several places and they all asked me to drink coffee. Even though I already exceeded my average coffee intake different for the day I accepted more coffee. I felt dizzy and sick due to drinking coffee excessively. I usually drink two or three cups of coffee everyday but I have a friend who cannot drink caffeine without feeling dizzy. Then how much caffeine is moderate individually Many experts agree that moderate daily caffeine intake This is a message about moderation. Too much exercise too much coffee or too much alcohol are bad. In moderation they are beneficial Hall 2006 p 1 . She emphasizes to observe moderation and this is a key point in avoiding addiction. It is general preconception to believe that caffeinated beverages are always bad for our health. When people control themselves from doing something excessively they are able to maintain good health. When people watch TV or walk on the street they are affected by the advertising media and the alluring smell of a coffee shop. People like to drink coffee carbonated beverages and green tea which are easy to find in most places. Most of them do not realize that they are able to get addicted to caffeine. Caffeine addiction has withdrawal symptoms such as headaches anxiety and depression. An anonymous person said I've been having headaches off and on for the past year and noticed that it seems to coincide with days that I don't drink coffee in the morning Alice! 1997 . It is important to remember that the effect of caffeine varies from one individual to another. If people feel anxious or depressed without a little caffeine they had better consider avoiding caffeine intake. People have two different viewpoints about caffeine intake which are positive and negative. People drink coffee tea and carbonated beverages readily without much thought. Even though experts insist on the negative effects of caffeine some people don't care about it and enjoy the taste until they experience some symptoms. Drinking caffeinated beverages in moderation then people can find vitality. However people can experience some withdrawal symptoms when they drink caffeine excessively and are suddenly forced to stop. It is important to drink caffeine in moderation for good health. References Garfield Simon. 2005 . Wake up and sell the coffee. Retrieved April 10 2007 from ANON_URLSPAGE_C. 2006 . Drinking coffee 'is good for the heart' Retrieved April 10 2007 from ANON_URLSPAGE_12 wcoffee12. Xml Health services at Columbia 1997 . Go ask alice! Retrieved April 10 2007 from ANON_URLSPAGE_dPOiPxXGvJa6EKYblrhmOw Slater J. 2002 . Coffee The good news is filtering through. Retrieved April 10 2007 from ANON_URLSPAGE_T. 2004 . Caffeine withdrawal recognized as a disorder. Retrieved April 10 2007 from ANON URLPAGE
