Limiting the Size of Young Family indent The one of the biggest issue in most countries for along time is the size of young families. There are many people who support the opinion that we should limit the size of young families for many reasons most of us parents are workers we don't have a lot of time to spend with our children however in my opinion we should expend the size of young families instead of limiting it for many reasons. The first reason that may be claimed by some people who support limiting the size of young families is that most parents are workers therefore they can't take care of many children. This could be reasonable! However there are many ways to solve this problem. First we could find some reliable people to care for our children while we are at our jobs. To give an example there should be many day cares that which have good methods to deal with children. Second we can also ask some of our relatives to help us about care for our children however that will not be available if our relatives limit their families' size. For instance once I was talking to one of my neighbors he said he only has two brothers and one sister all of whom live in different place and if he had more one here in Pittsburgh he would put hid young son with. These two beneficial solutions will help work parents care for their children. The second reason some people believe that limiting the size of the young families is if the parents don't have enough time for their children they won't have many children because the parents believe that we should set aside some of our time for our children if we want them to be active people in their communities. It's wonderful thinking however I don't think children need a lot of time from their parents. In the other words parents can spend enough time with their children by meeting them in the dinner table or on weekends. In case some children need some advice the parents should select a suitable time to discuss with them individually. However the average percentage of the time spends for their children individually will not take more than 5 8 a month. Therefore we can spend quality time with our children if we think about how much time they really need. In addition to the preceding reasons that we should not limit the size of young families most countries depend a lot on their young because they are their future. It is really a problem when we don't expend the size of young families. If we don't do that we will find ourselves in a huge dilemma because the rate of adults will be double the rate of young. That means more retired adults and fewer fresh workers. Therefore after number of years the country will be insignificant. For example I can't imagine how Europe will be after number of years because the rate of births there is roughly the same rate in the deaths so the rate of adults and young isn't consistent. Consequently we have to increase the rate of young in our communities to make our countries lively and active. In conclusion I believe that increasing the number of young in families is very important. Although we are workers and we don't have a lot of time for our children we can ask some trusty people to care for our children in our hectic days and we can spend enough time with them as a group. Lastly we should not forget that our young are our future.
