TITLE Abortion or no abortion Indent The moral aspects of induced abortion have been subject to intense debate in many parts of the world. Abortion is the removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus from the uterus of the mother resulting in or caused by its death. Even though there are some people who are pro abortion it should be illegal and not allowed over the world and government must punish it. Indent It is stated by some people that abortion should be legal and allowed for women who were abused physically or were violated. These people think that unwanted pregnancy should be solved with abortion. As a consequence women should have the right to decide if she wants to have or no a baby of a man she doesn't love who did a lot of damage in her life and who affected her psychologically. However abortion should be illegal because human beings can't control and decide who lives or not in the world this is a decision of the creator of the world God. Indent Moreover people who are pro abortion argue that abortion should be allowed in poor families in which the economic situation is not strong enough and they can't maintain or sustain another child. Nevertheless abortion is not a viable solution in these cases. There are other rational possibilities for poor families such as giving the baby up for adoption. Indent Finally people who are pro abortion argue that abortion should be legal in situations when the baby's or mother's life are in danger. However if there is a threat to mother's and baby's life doctors have to do their best to save the lives of both of them and try to avoid abortion. Indent Furthermore in all cases abortion could affect the mother's health and bring psychological problems for her. Also in the future when they can't do anything about it these women could regret their past decision of abortion. Indent In conclusion abortion should not be legal and not be allowed in any part of the world. Moreover Government should work to eradicate the main problems that involve abortion and create rules to punish it.
