What is Philosophy Philosophy was my major while I was studying in college. Every time someone asked me what my major was they always nodded in an incredible fashion and didn't say anything. I think that's because most people are not familiar with philosophy and think it's hard to understand. For example in my country I remember that many people asked me to tell them their futures after I told them I was studying philosophy. They thought I was a fortuneteller. Anyway learning philosophy won't make you a fortuneteller for philosophy is not mysterious at all. I'll give you a brief idea about what philosophy is by using two different ways. One way is to explain the derivation of the word philosophy and the other is to talk about some questions discussed in philosophy. First by definition the word 'philosophy' is combined with two separate word 'philo' and 'sophi' probably study three subjects metaphysics mind and morality. Following I'll introduce the main point for each subject in order. First of all the main question in metaphysics is What is existence We all agree that physical objects exist for example tables trees books our bodies etc. What about numbers Do they exist What about a fictional character like Harry Potter Does Harry Potter exist What about the mind When Descartes declared Cogito ergo sum I think therefore I am he claimed that the mind must exist. Descartes 1637 The next subject is about mind and it asks What is a mind For example the movie entitled AI the little boy David's behavior and facial expressions are indistinguishable from those of a real human although he's a robot. Does David have a mind The last is morality. How can we tell what is right and what is wrong For example most people agree that killing someone is wrong but what about killing someone in war Unlike science there are no established facts in philosophy and that is why people often disagree with one another when discussing the questions of philosophy. If we can't get a definite answer in philosophy why should we study it I think even though there are no tangible solutions for solving philosophy questions we may still benefit a lot from studying philosophy for instance thinking deeply and widely. While making an important decision we won't make it too quickly because we know that there is always another way to resolve the problem. In my opinion that is what philosophy brings to us. In conclusion from the literal meaning philosophy means loving wisdom. Additionally according to the different subjects metaphysics mind and morality there are some issues discussed in philosophy. For example What is existence What is a mind and What is right and what is wrong In my opinion philosophy is a procedure that one will have when he or she does some kind of questioning and answering about above those questions. During this procedure people can see things in different viewpoints and as mentioned earlier that is why philosophy can make people think deeply and widely. I believe most people study philosophy in their daily lives even though they aren't aware of it for doing questioning and answering is quite often when they discuss with some issue. Reference 1. Descartes Ren
