Dieting In recent years people think that skinny equals fashionable. Some people want to look skinnier some people want to be healthier therefore dieting is becoming a trend. What is a diet A diet is a limiting the variety or the amount of food that someone eats for medical reasons or in order to lose weight. People tend to diet for several reasons. One is physical fitness another one is for healthy. Maybe we can say the first reason is due to fashionable the second reason is a proper reason. Are dieting and eating healthy the same The answer can be yes or no. It may depend on the way that people dieting. For example when I was young I tried crash diet about one week. I remembered during that week I only ate breakfast and I didn't eat lunch and dinner when I felt hungry I just drank water. One week later I really lost my weight but I knew my stomach got some problems because I skipped too many meals. It caused stomachache. However I reduced the amount of food but I didn't do any exercises so I gained weight again when I started to eat meal as usual. Finally I knew there is no magic way to lose weight even though I skipped meals but without exercising dieting still useless. So the good ways to lose weight are not only dieting but also have to do exercises. In my opinion dieting connect with nutrition. If people want a healthy dieting they have to pay attention on nutrition of food. The average American eats 30 teaspoons of added sugar every day which adds up to 475 extra calories ANON_NAME_0 Stamos woman's day p. 60 . In daily life people only concern about amount of food that they eat but they ignore nutrition and calories. Actually nutrition plays an essential point in dieting. Such as how much sugar we eat every day meals contained a lot of fat oil or chemical ingredient all of these things might affect diet result. Here I provide some diet ways. The first stay away from processed foods because those processed foods added sugar fat etc and these sugar and fat can hide where people least expect it ANON_NAME_0 Stamos . Second eating more nature foods such as vegetables fruit and drink more water those are good for dieting. By the way when people eat vegetables like salad always with too much dressing the dressing also included a lot of cream oil fat etc. Therefore dressing's ingredient also important if so just eat salad without dressing probably better for dieting. In summary having a correct diet view is important. Once people have correct diet view and they know why they want to diet and how they can have a healthy diet it will help people get healthy and better life. Dieting somewhat due to fashionable also can due to healthy. When we want to have fashion we still can have good physical fit. Just start dieting and do it in a correct way.
