Culture Shock Culture shock is a period of time you need to adjust when you first come to a new country. It happens frequently for the international students. When you first come to a new country different from your own they are forced to meet your everyday needs. If you couldnt cope with these new problems better you will have some stress. It is also important thing how to adjust about culture shock. Climate food landscapes people and language all seem strange to you. For example when I first came to live in the U. S. I was unprepared to live here I miss my homeland my family and my friends even cry a lot. Your English may not be as good as you expected maybe you have some stress from your academic life or difficult experience. An article in WWW Sites ANON_NAME_0 said I had a lot of trouble at first getting adapted to living in the USA. What frustrated me most was that I did not know how even this simplest things worked! If you feel this way it is important not to panic. Culture shock is a normal reaction to face new surroundings. Getting over culture shock depends upon you. As you become adjusted to the U. S. Culture and attitudes and begin to know your way around you will start to adapt to and understand your new surroundings and way of life. If your English may not be as good as you expected it is unreasonable to expect to do things perfectly the first time no matter how much information you read or how well you speak English. Just do your best. Just give yourself some time and things would gradually get easier Nawuma . If you have some stress from your academic life you need to open your mind to experience the unknown. You don't think of the U. S. Culture as better or worse than your native culture you will be more willing to try new things. When I studied English in ELI I try to experience many new things for me such as taking part in many ELI activities. Finally don't worry about making a mistake. Just keep a positive attitude. For example the simple things like temperatures and measurements were difficult to understand because Americans do not use the Metric system as in my country. Sometimes I felt silly and it made me sad. But after awhile I could do all these things. I guess I just had to give myself a bit of time to learn. After my adjustments I feel my life in the U. S become more familiar to me and day to day life become easier. I can live with the differences and confusions but still enjoy myself. Source Dinan Bulgaria. Culture Shock by the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs U. S Department of State. ANON_URLSPAGE_Nawuma Republic of Togo. Culture Shock by the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs U. S Department of State. ANON URLPAGE
