Culture Shock Culture shock is psychological damage which they feel when they move to an entirely different culture or social environment. They might be frustrated with their new environment. Culture shock can be separated into five stages. In fact I have experienced culture shock moving to American culture from the Japanese culture. It would say that I am in between the second and third stages right now. Culture shock does have many positive effects on intercultural sojourners like increasing self efficacy and helping self motivation Lin said. 2007 I think that culture shock would help me self development such as learning a new culture and a new language coming into contact with foreigners looking back at my own culture. The first stage of culture shock is called Cultural Euphoria. In this stage people may be pleased by all of the new things they encounter. Indeed at the beginning I was excited and stimulated by things that I'd never seen or experienced when I came to Pittsburgh. For example I couldn't see squirrels in my hometown however I could see squirrels around my apartment. And also I couldn't go to the park too easily however I have become fond of the nature around my apartment. I strolled around near my apartment everyday. I had a full realization of a wonderful new environment. The new environment was stimulated my sense. It would say that I could improve self development by sensing the new environment. The second stage of culture shock is called Cultural Confrontation. In this stage people may encounter some difficult situations and crises in daily life. I started feeling odd in my life after six months. For instance I started learning English after being here for five months. I can't express what I want to say and understand what other people say. At that time I've thought if I speak English well. I have regretted and felt sadness or loneliness when I couldn't express what I want to say in my class even though I want to ask something I understand. However I can ask anything I don't understand. In other words I am improving myself to encounter difficult situation. The third stage of culture shock is called Cultural Adaptation. In this stage people may start to feel a certain psychological balance. I have thought about what to do and how adapt to a new environment. For example if I spoke English well I could reduce to encounter difficult situations. And also if I understood the behaviors of the new environment I wouldn't be frustrated to encounter the differences in culture. I have been motivated by experiencing difficult situation. It would say that I must improve self development a little by a little through this stage. The fourth stage of culture shock is called Cultural Fluency. In this stage people may feel comfortable in the new environment. Conversely people realize that the new culture has good things and bad things. People can find some coping strategies to adapt to the new culture. For instance people would find a method by which they unwind. Also People would be optimism to reconfirm own objective to abroad. People would ask for someone's help without hesitation. If I get away from the third stage I can feel comfortable in American life. The fifth stage of culture shock is called Re entry Shock. This occurs when a return to the country of origin is made. I may feel common in American life so I feel unusual in Japanese life. To avoid this stage I try not to change my behaviors which adapt to a new environment but I try to understand both behaviors. In other words if I know differences of custom I accommodate any problems and I would enjoy living both countries. Struggling to over coming a difficult situation is hard for me however I can improve myself through culture shock maybe through learning another language and another culture. The challenge is in keeping my own cultural while adapting to a new one. References Lin C 2007 . Intercultural sojourning Self motivation and ecoshock reentry ecoshock. Department of Communications University of Hawai. Japan U. S. Educational Commission Fulbright. From ANON URLPAGE
