Swimming Swimming is excellent for our body because it cultivate the bulk of our muscles up. Swimming works your whole body improving cardiovascular conditioning muscle strength endurance posture and flexibility all at the same time at ANON URLSITE. Swimming is a technique in which a player uses a pool or a space that includes water. There are four styles of swimming They are freestyle crawl stroke back stroke breast stroke and butterfly stroke. Also the player can swim in the open water as the other swim in pools. In swimming there is good style and bad style. The techniques that players use at the pools are four. First freestyle or as some call it the crawl stroke is the fastest of all the strokes. The player crawls in water like a soldier crawls on the ground. Second the back stroke which is similar to the freestyle but the player swims and crawls on his back. Third the breast stroke focuses on the shoulders and breast to get into and out of the water. Lastly the butterfly stroke where the body of the player must be on the breast all the time. The Shoulders should be on the same level of the water surface. All of these strokes begin from a place called the starting platform except for the back stroke where the player begins in the water. Whole body conditioning Swimming tones your upper and lower body because you're using almost all of your major muscle groups. The best strokes for all over body toning are the freestyle breaststroke and backstroke at ANON URLSITE. Open water swimming is any competition where the player uses a river lake sea or the ocean our swims in a natural body of water. A Marathon is a competition in open water in which the player swims for 25 kilo meters. All open water competitions should use the freestyle stroke. Another kind of competition is synchronized swimming where the player dances in the water according to music. There are three types of synchronize competitions solo duet and team. In each competition swimmers are judged on both figure and routine. Swimming in a bad or wrong way can cause some problems. If the player's head and shoulders are outside the surface of the water this makes the player feel tired quickly and will reduce his speed. Some people want to be relaxed so they choose to swim in cold water this is wrong. If they want to be relaxed they should use warm water. Cold water will make them feel fresh and a wake. In conclusion swimming has four types of strokes. Also there are two more competitions open water and synchronized. Over all anyone who wants to swim needs to be a ware of the common mistakes many swimmers make in the water. Reference ANON_URLSITE_Search for swimming The Endless Health Benefit of Swimming why swimming so good Wednesday august 2006 p. 1 The Endless Health Benefit of Swimming Additional Health Benefits of Swimming. Wednesday august 2006 p. 2
