All cultures might believe respect is important. In Korea respect is very important. People should understand each other's personality and respect them. My friend told me Respect means admire someone's opinion and someone's good behavior such as respect boss teacher friend parents etc. In Korea we are taught to respect all people most especially different kinds of people and our elders. First of all people should behave politely. When we meet people no matter if they are young or old we should respect them. For example we should listen to them and not interrupt them when they are speaking. If we don't pay attention to their speaking they might think we are rude or even that we are ignoring them. As a result they might be upset. In my opinion the Korean value of being polite to everyone extends to the U. S. For example in the U. S. When people want to ask something of another person they usually begin with saying Excuse me. They are also being polite when they have to refuse something. For example when they have to refuse something they begin with saying I'm sorry. Otherwise they give people the reason of refusing. Secondly we should be polite to our teachers. When I was young I learned that students should respect their teachers because teachers can lead us the right way. Even though they are not perfect they try to teach us what is correct. So I think students should respect them. For example students should speak politely when they ask something of their teacher. We should also pay attention when they are teaching in the class or they are giving advice Finally it's also very important to respect older people in Korea. In Korea we have polite words so when we speak to older people we should put the polite words in the middle or at the end of our speaking. When older people give advice young people should accept it or try to understand it. In the U. S. Many people give priority to ladies but in Korea people think about older people first. A typical example is in the case of riding a bus or a subway. Some older Korean people are very serious about respect so young people usually don't sit in the elderly seats. If there are no seats and some older people are standing young people will offer a seat to them. After we learn how to respect people in general we can respect teachers older people and even our friends more easily. We should learn the rules and then follow them because if you want to be treated well by people you should treat them well first. So if you behave properly eventually people will respect us too.
