I believe that stress has many different definitions. However I define stress as the unusual bodily and mental reaction toward our daily difficulties at home work traffic and with our relationships. For instance you can feel stress one day because you have so much to do as if you have to meet somebody then you have to go to the bank and you have to prepare your bag because your flight is in four hours. On another day if you are late and you don't catch the bus it will cause you stress. So stress can have many different causes which all effect our bodies and our minds. It's important to learn ways to reduce stress. After defining stress we have to know what causes stress. Stress can happened from things that we are not planning for. For example if you have a meeting for a new job and you are stuck in traffic for half an hour then you will be stressed. Also if you are late for your international flight it will cause you stress. In my opinion if people managed their time better. Then a high percentage of stress must be reduced. If you are stressed you may not decide the right decision. To reduce stress you have to learn some exercises which will reduce your stress such as relaxing massage deep breathing and meditation. You don't have to train like Jackie Joyner Kersee to get the rewards. Short session reduce anxiety as much as longer ones do reports John Raglin Ph. D. Associate professor in the department kinesiology at Indiana University in Bloomington Ediger and Pavlik 1999 P. 148 But if you decide to undertake a more difficult workout ask yourself weather you'll really be able to continue with it If you can't you will probably end up feeling guilty. Then you're right back where you started says Dr. Maharam Ediger and Pavlik. 1999 P. 148 Try to do on for few minuets daily then you will feel the difference. Stress is effect in our bodies and mental and we know which causes stress. Also we learn how to reduce stress by using some strategies such as relaxing massage deep breathing and meditation. Reference Ediger and Pavlik. 1999 . Reading Connections high intermediate. OXFORD.
