Many college students tend to visit fast food restaurants for their everyday meals because it's cheap convenient and served quickly. Moreover they usually don't want to spend their time cooking something. Instead they want to spend their time hanging out with friends or studying more which they consider more important than cooking. They might think that spending time and efforts for cooking is not useful or effective. But there are a couple of considerable advantages doing their own cooking. The diet of students who do their own cooking is pretty good for their health and takes less money than other way like having fast food everyday even though it requires some time and effort to do. First college students who do their own cooking can get a healthier and more nutritious diet than with other choices like having fast food often. Generally homemade food has more nutrition and less negative effect . Substances. If students usually eat junk food like fast food or instant food and it becomes a habit there will be some serious problems with their health condition because those kinds of food don't have enough essential nutrition and contain negative substances like MSG trans fat and so on. An article on ANON_URLSPAGE_Among the fast food problems is also low quality of the food. Fast food is so popular because it is inexpensive you can get a satisfying meal under 5. Low price is just one more reason why we should think twice before eating fast food. It is usually made with cheap ingredients including high fat meat and foods that contain saturated fat cholesterol. It lacks vitamins and minerals which can be found in fruit and vegetables mostly June 11 2005 . If college students try to use various kinds of vegetables and grains as much as possible in their meals while they are cooking it's obvious that it will be helpful for their health. Furthermore the most important things is that by doing their own cooking college students can save their money . For example during the ELI life I usually have had lunch outside with some friends almost everyday. Cost only for lunch was around 200 250 a month. But if I have used this money to go to the market and buy some stuffs for doing my own cooking I could have brought my healthy lunch and it would have spent less money in a month. Most college students can't afford to spend their money for everything they want to do. So it is important for college student to save money and then they can use that saved money wisely like buying some clothes shoes bags furniture or going out for a great dinner with friends sometimes. However it's pretty hard for college students to try to begin doing their own cooking because it requires a lot of time and effort. Many students usually don't want to do their own cooking because of that reason. College students the young people tend to use their time and effort to have some fun or study subjects that they think are more interesting or important. They don't want to struggle with knives scoops pans and pots in the kitchen making some food which is not really familiar. In fact it is not simple job to do their everyday cooking even for our parents. They might have experienced so much trial and error and finally succeeded in achieving some well made food. When college students want to have nice dishes and try to cook something they might get a headache even before starting to move to the kitchen. In conclusion even though college students who do their own cooking are required to spend much time and effort that diet deserves a try for its advantages in health and the money saved. Maybe it won't be easy for college students to start making some food all by themselves. But if they invest their time and effort in a very useful skill for now and the future it will be helpful for their lives and they will be able to enjoy doing their wise works. Reference Fast Food Problems are of Current Importance. ANON_URLSPAGE_11 Jun. 2005
