To vegan or not to vegan Veganism an extension of the vegetarian diet is considered an integral component of a cruelty free lifestyle Vegan Action 2007 . The diet consists of getting protein and other nutrients from fruits beans grains and vegetables and staying completely away from meat fish poultry eggs and dairy products. Although many health benefits have been discovered in recent years cost and accessibility make this diet difficult to follow. Currently many studies support the idea that the consumption of animal fat and proteins is the main cause for many lethal diseases such as cancer diabetes heart diseases and obesity. Therefore some people choose to follow a vegan diet for health reasons. And even when it seems almost impossible that all the fat and proteins found in animal products could also be found in plants and other sources fat can be obtained from oil products and legumes and grains provide with a planned diet the same protein amount as any meat product plus other vitamins and minerals. The vegan diet has been shown to be healthier than a diet in which meat is involved. In other words a person's life expectancy could be prolonged and his or her quality of life improved if the person followed this lifestyle. However although it looks like the top choice diet it's not simple to stick with it. Fast food meat dairy and egg costs are notably cheaper than fruits and vegetables. For instance organic oranges are sold for around 1. 50 Per lb. When a pound of a whole chicken costs 0. 70. And what's more it's very difficult to find a vegan restaurant or a vegan supermarket in what is nowadays a fast food culture. A vegan life is expensive and requires access to a nearby market which is becoming extinct in many U. S. Cities. The vegan diet is the result of the search to find a pure diet whose goal is to avoid the violation of animal rights and the most frequent diseases caused by poor nutrition. Veganism offers a healthy life style but demands a strength of will from the person following the diet because it's a diet which many just can't afford following. References Vegan Action. 04 05 07. ANON URLSITE
