Balance of Life Life can be complicated as a businessman trying to balance the time spent for his social life and for business. Every single person has some kind of job in order to earn money. However some people are too busy with their jobs. Spending too much time working rather than socializing can cause some problems. Balancing the two parts might be difficult for some people depending on their jobs. For example think about a ceo. Ceos manage big companies. Since these people are responsible for companies they are also responsible for the employees who work for the companies. Moreover they create strategies of how to conduct huge amounts of money so you can imagine that ceos have a lot of responsibilities. Of course these people are ordinary people like everyonelse and they have some social needs in order to be a happy person. Mostly these kinds of businessmen work overtime and are exhausted and stressed out when they get home. At the same time they have wives and children waiting for them to go out together or spend some time having fun. Whereas they rarely have time for a social life the people close to them are usually disappointed. A famous manager of one of the biggest companies in Turkey Ufuk Egemen says that I think I am a good manager but I don't think my children think I am a good father. I work everyday to provide them a good education and a better future but the only thing they desire is to see me more . Because when I get home they are asleep and in the morning I have to leave before they wake up. Sabah newspaper 03 23 2007 There are two types of personalities in life Type A personalities and Type B personalities. Type As are likely to work all the time but Type Bs like to spend time having fun or taking a rest. I don't think either is the correct way to live. The balance of life becomes vital in this circumstance. In fact it is really hard to achieve balance between a social life and time spent for business. They must be hardworking and improve theirselves in their jobs and at the same time they must spend time with their family. If they spend too much time at work then they'll probably have problems with their family and also some psychological problems might occur in time. If they spend time having too much fun then they can't be useful at their jobs they can't improve and might lose their jobs. Balancing the two is really important to have a better life. In conclusion both social life and business is important. No one can say that one is more important than the other. They are connected and cannot be separated. Social life helps people improve business life and also your business life helps you improve your social life.
