Neighbors are the people who line near us. In your opinion what are the qualities of a good neighbor Use specific details and example in your answer. Neighbors are the peoples who live nearer us. But what we mean by near to us. Is that neighbor whose door near to my door or all the people who live in the building or the people near to my building In my opinion all the people who live in the building and near to the building are our neighbors. Unfortunately now a day we don't know even the neighbor whose door is near to your door. Respecting the neighbor is one of the most important things based on the religions issues. Neighbors are the most important factors of all people seeking for a quit place to stay. When you are looking for a place to stay there are couple of factors you look for in a good place. Neighbors should be quiet clean helpful and supporting. In fact the place you wish to live in has to be quiet. After a long business day or long day to work you are looking for a quit place to relax and store your energy with you lovely kid. For example if the neighbors are noise then you wish to run away from the apartment. Fours years ago I rented a small apartment in good area on of my neighbors had almost 6 kinds. They were noisy playing all the time inside and out side the apartment. One of our neighbors was an engineering working in the Saudi Arabian airline. One day in had the conversation with him. He decided to leave because of the neighbor kid. In fact he was right in leaving since we came home because we needed a quit place to do our project homework and a place to relax of day. Fortunately he was right and three months later I followed him. The second factor of searching for an apartment is the clean in both its self and neighborhood. The insurance now a days is so expensive which is in force us to be focusing in all the things doing in our life to be sour we far from the insurance companies so the clean neighbors is the valuable rather than the dirty one. Neighbors have to be more quite clean and helpful and cooperative. In addition to that we have to represent those factors in ourselves.
