In Taiwan we have a lot of ethnic foods. Most of special foods or cuisines often come from china hundred years ago. Probably most of people they like to eat maybe have 20 kinds. Let me introduce the most classical ethnic food is Fried Oyster with Egg. Why is the Fried Oyster with Egg becoming famous Because the chef usually uses the oyster to cook which were the fresh and big. So when the Fried Oyster with Egg was made by chef usually was very yum and delicious. Next let me introduce the method of the cook. First we must prepare a griddle then the fresh oyster probably 150g1 fresh lettuce chopped to small piecespotato starch 2 tablespoonsa few garlic chives and 2 eggs. Second we prepare the sauces. Here are many kind of sauces we have. Respectively ketchup 6 TBS tablespoons concentrated soy sauce paste 2 TBS miso 2 TBS sugar 4 TBS water 1 2 cup corn starch 1 TBS. Let all of the flavorings mix well. Third Put a little oil to the frying pan heat up the oil and put oyster in the griddle cook to almost done then add half of potato starchgarlic chives make sure mixture and cook till firm and transparent. Finally add in the egg and lettuce flip the pancake to cook on both sides to golden color. Before eating pour the mix sauces on the pancake. This is the method of the Fried Oyster with Egg. It also was one of my favorite cuisines. Sometimes I went to the night market with my girlfriend in Taiwan. I always eat Fried Oyster with Egg. Because this cuisine is very delicious. My girlfriend also very likes to eat too. I think if this cuisine in America maybe will become famous. The other kind of food is Stinky Bean Curd. It also was my favorite cuisine. As far the method of cook I will not write. When Stinky Bean Curd was be made. In Taiwan maybe someone will fell very stinky but if you very like to eat you will feel very delicious. Because when you eat the curd the curd's surface is very brittle and the curd's inside is very juicy. Usually when we eat the Stinky Bean Curd we will add the sauce which was made by soy and garlic. This two kinds of food were the ethnic food in Taiwan. And they were not expensive maybe one of them cost 40 NT National Taiwan dollars so in Taiwan almost everyone can eat them. Finally I want to say the Chinese food was my favorite kind of foods in my mine.
