I have frequently heard many mystery phenomena in Aoyama burial located in Tokyo and one of biggest burial. Although there is supposed to be strange atmosphere at night because there are many renowned persons such as politicians novelists military commanders and so on are buried many people have experienced weird incidents. The incident is that a woman who might have passed away by drowning in the pond suddenly disappeared. One of the most famous mysteries of Aoyama burial is that a woman who was taking a taxi and sat in the back sheet disappeared when taxi was being arrived at Aoyama burial. At first sight when she rode the taxi the driver felt unusual mood because place where she rode is not do far from Aoyama burial destination. In addition her face was almost covered her hair and the part of face which he could see paled so he assumed to feel mystery. While he was driving the taxi with her taking they had never talked each other. Then when the taxi was being arriving at there he announced her about arrival with seeing room mirror. However she was not reflected in the mirror and he was surprised about this circumstances. When he looked back on the back sheet she disappeared and the sheet got wet. Another famous mystery is that a woman disappeared when a gentleman apologized. When the gentleman walked around Aoyama burial with his dog at night he saw a woman whose cloth got wet. He attempted to stand away on waling road because he felt unusual mood as well but his dog yelped at her all of a sudden. Although when the dog looked at her face which paled it was calmed. He felt impolite about his dog's behavior so he deeply bowed in order to apologize to her. When his head was raised his face paled because she disappeared and she should have been here. Then he looked at rode where she could have been here the rode at which she had stood just got wet. In conclusion the woman of both of stories must be ghost. The woman might have been died with suffering terribly. Thus she appeared with getting wet and she is witnessed many people around Aoyama burial.
