English is accepted as the world language. Many countries including mine encourage their citizen to study English to connect with other countries. After studying English for several years the benefit of learning English to me are to communicate with others to be competitively and understand the West culture. First I can use English to communicate with people of other countries. When I travel foreign I can use English to ask people questions and information. If there is an exotic customer to our company I can talk with him and understand what he needs. I can also read the news in Google or Yahoo to realize what happen in the world rapidly and don't need others' translation. The second learning English can help my competition for studying and getting a job. In my country English is one subject of National Exam for entering the college. Then the books of most majors in the college are written by English. I can't avoid learning English and it's really important to finish the study. Furthermore I need to take the English exams such as TOEFL GRE or TOEIC for higher studying or getting a job in the multinational company. The good ability of English can help me achieve my goal. Finally I can understand another culture through learning English. The culture between the East and the West is really different. However the contact and exchange time is increasing. I need to understand the West culture to get along with them. The best method is to learn English. English is the main language in the West. Through the process I can know their tradition and habits. That is benefit for me to live in United States and get along with people there. English is the world language and we can use it to communicate with others to get the information. It's also important for getting higher degree or to find a good job. Moreover in order to get along with people from the West I should realize their culture and background. To study English is the best way to understand their culture. The three above are my benefit to study English.
