Throughout history most people thought that only women have to do housework. Do you think that only women have to do housework Now most women are participating in social working. For example Maric Curie is a famous woman scientist and Marie Stopes is a famous woman about medicine. Many women like them have changed awareness of the role of women. Although there was discrimination between men and women women have brought changing roles about education and employment and household so far. Even if there was an educational discrimination between men and women in the past women have recovered an educational right. Nowadays they are attending in the university and college. The number of women who are participating in the university and college is almost same with the number of men. In spite of discrimination in the past women are good at studying in school compared with men. There are no a difference between men and women in aspect of education. The rate of women employment is becoming equal to men though there are still discrimination between men and women. The women who have occupation are also increasing. Once women could not get a job such as a doctor and military etc. On the other hand they can get all jobs recently. For example the woman doctor Elizabeth was famous for in Spain and England. In March of 1917 Loretta Walsh became the first Yeoman woman in the Navy. This facts show us that the occupations such as a doctor and military are not just for men. Capable women are needed in various fields of the society. As more and more women have occupation lately both men and women have done a domestic affair unlike the past. That is housework is a joint work. Once only women had to do family affair like doing the laundry cleaning the room. Nowadays however as husband and wife work together their children are taken care of by a babysitter. They can get much money but they are not able to spend time with their family. Despite discrimination between men and women in the past women have recovered a right. In summary women have contributed many areas in the society. We should not have prejudice that women have to do housework. We also should think that women and men are equal existence. Women will take part in the whole fields of the society.
