Many have been concerned about the illiteracy in the world population despite the fact that literacy rates have increased steadily over the past few decades especially it has been a problem in the third world. The definition of illiteracy is that the lack of considering to be the ability to read and write. However the functional illiteracy has attracted considerable attention in the developed nations. It means that the lack of ability enough tofunction in a complex society and incorporating reading materials that relate directly to community development and teaching applicable or useful life skills. The main cause of the illiteracy is poverty. And the main causes of the functional illiteracy are problems of illegal foreign workers and school phobia. 20 Of the world population is illiterate his her mother tongue in 1998. It is what is known as simple illiteracy. The root of this problem lays in poverty. The children in the developing countries can not take the elementary school education even today. For example in the Arab states 19. 8 Of men and 41. 1 Of women were illiterate in 2006. They have fewer choices of job education housing and other things we need to have full lives. The populations of illegal foreign workers are increasing in the developing nations. They can use their mother country's languages. But almost of them don't have abilities to communicate with others in complex society and to be useful in working. It is said that about six hundred thousand of illegal foreign workers live in Japan. Actually I had opportunities to come in contact with them because of my profession in Japan. Probably they are not illegal just foreign workers but almost of them are functional illiteracy . They speak broken Japanese and rarely read and write it. We have some advantages by employing them otherwise some social problems such as crime and human rights related to functional illiteracy become serious. On the other hand although there are well regulated environments to acquire the literacy some children dare to refuse it in the developed nations. School refusal is suited for an example. In Japan there are lots of children who can't go to school. They have various reasons such as bullying domestic problems teachers education systems and so on. They can't follow classes and they are likely to stay indoors. If they don't make every effort to acquire the literacy by other ways they can't learn functional illiteracy any more. The more present day society becomes complex the more this problem becomes serious. Literacy is the basic ability which human is able to live like human. It is most important skill in this society. Therefore while we must try hard to eliminate poverty all over the world we must grapple with the problem of illegal foreign workers and school refusal through out individual countries.
