The changing of women role Do you want to know what's the reaction when Chinese women know the sex of their new born baby girl 50 years ago she might have felt self condemned disappointed and cried. But now most of them will feel happy and excited. Why is there so different Because the role of Chinese women have changed from dependent to independent through education economy and social actions. Education made women have the consciousness and ability of independence. 50 Years ago girls were thought as housewife in all of their lifetime in china so education was unnecessary to them. Now there is a policy is announced every children have the right of accept education. Most of the girls could go to school. Through accept education they realize they are individuality and learn some skills such as write count medicine. These make them could stand on their feet. Most of the Chinese women not only take care of their family but also support their family spend make them have higher position in family than last. . 50 Years ago many Chinese women like my grandmother they couldn't earn money by themselves so they had to dependent their husbands. Most of them hadn't the right to decide important things in family some of them even if hadn't the right to eat with their husbands at the dinner table at the same time. Now women can work out and got the same pay as men. They can decide how to spend the money also they can plan the future of their family with their husbands. Because economy's independent they have the equal position with their spouses in family. Not just in family in many social occasion women also become the main roles. For example wuyi as the vice premier of china she can decide many events and have huge influence on china. Many women join social actions and participate election to strive for the women's right or help more people. It was impossible for most of the women 50 years ago. From housewife to intelligentsia career women and social actioner from dependent to independent women will become more and more important party of our society.
