THE CAUSES OF ILLITERACY For many years the illiteracy has been a problem throughout the world and many countries have tried to fight against this situation mainly because the illiteracy delays the economic and social development of society. An illiterate is a person unable to read and to write due to the deficiency of learning by outside factors or incapacity. Nowadays many systems have been developed throughout the world to attack illiteracy and the common causes are the poverty deficiency of literacy within the family and learning disabilities which are the main causes of the marginalization of an important part of the worldwide population. Poverty and illiteracy are related and they affect individuals and families everywhere because there are many people with lack of the necessary resources to satisfy the basic social needs or resources for to live such as health nutrition education etc. Many people cannot start Elementary School or to have a simple education because they do not have resources. In Addition many kids have to get a job early age to support their family and because they have to help their parents with money avoiding that they go to school and they gone Illiterate. For example In Venezuela 70 of population is poor 30 of this people cannot go to school and they are illiterate. This situation is getting worse due to limitations the development and the learning process as well as the skills for fighting against Illiteracy. Lack of literacy within the family is another cause of Illiteracy and it due to in some families no one to read to their children or to take them to the library. Furthermore it had at least one parent who could not read. For example In Venezuela several parents cannot read because they had to get a job when they were children and never could go to school and learn. Therefore some of them never introduce literacy to their child or hardly ever their children saw them reading Last but not least learning disabilities are strong causes of Illiteracy Eventually illnesses as Dyslexia Central Auditory Processing Disorders C. A. P. D. And Short Term Memory Difficulties are responsible of many people cannot read. At this point it is a disruption in the ability of a person avoiding that they can interpreted or just simple read a book. As an Illustration Dyslexia is the incapacity of some people to read and to write correctly disabling them to use or acquisition of reading and writing. Illiteracy is a negative aspect pf society that it is convenient to eradicate because it is an result of the underdevelopment and consequently it limits the progress of city and towns. Although these people live in a dark world that brings unemployment underemployment and social marginalization. Even though the efforts are many and are made to fight this also is certain that these efforts have been inefficient and in countries of low resources it seems that every day there are more people adding themselves to the illiteracy. Is very important to emphasize that illiteracy is not caused by a lack of intelligence and often a result of external factors or disabilities than can be addressed.
