The Csuses of Illiteracy in Korea Nowadays Korean young generations are walking more and more into the illiteracy. Although Korean's elementary and middle school is a duty our children are not using the Korean language as it is. They are getting weak in speaking reading and writing. It is very important to use our language as it is because the world in there we live becomes more and more smaller and we should not lose our identification. In my opinion there are some reasons that cause the illiteracy enforcement in education decreased rate in reading books because of sharing information and transmutation language in internet and cellphone text message. First many student are attending a enforced student week in school. It is a school where the teacher are teaching and students are only hearing. It is a one way system without interaction. It is a cramming method of teaching. To follow the quantity lessons students are enforced to learning by heart and they have to understand it by oneself. Unfortunately many student have only a surface knowledge for that reasons. They realized fear from the teacher books and school. The school is for them boring too. They want to have freedom from school and education. Second the rate in reading books in korea is very low because of the internet. It gives us a lot of information and we can get it very easy. Students do not read books for getting information. They are using the Internet. We are living in a world in where we share information on the web. Actually huge information on the web are convenient to search and it is more faster than to go to the library or buying books. We are not charging for them when we use the internet. Students don't need any books. An instance In the past I rarely went to the library for my research. It was better for me to use the information on the internet. There was all what I want. The generation of my parents they used only the book to get information. They read directly edited and wrote directly. However we are not doing this work. We copy past and correct the contants on the internet without books. Last these days generation people use the internet language and Text message language that is transmutated. They want to use a more and more faster and shorter language. The language is in codes that usually people do not understand. In order to use emoticons and shorter words they transmutate it so that they are used to it in their live. For example after checking the diaries of elematary students was the teacher absured because over 70 of the students used that. Only 30 did write in the right way. Many words are getting changed and are alternated from them. For this reasons above Korean young generations are walking more and more into the illiteracy. More and more of them are going to have only the surfaced knowledge instead of the deep knowledge. They lose interest in reading books and sitting like a doll in school. They turned their interest to other ways like the internet and learned the language in their own way. This problem is not only a problem in korea but also in other countries. I think all of us have to worry about this important problem.
