Title The changing role of women in the Japanese society Women have played many own roles in each country in the world. At present people have same roles without regard to sex in some advanced countries whereas in Japan sexual discriminations are still found in many companies and communities. It might be due to nationality of Japan. Since ancient times it was a necessity and a matter of life and death for Japanese people an agriculture people to help each other when someone needs a help such as a disaster. Therefore the best personality was especially for woman non egotistic and a parson who can administer to other people. That has not changed until now. However a Japanese woman's life is changing dynamically day by day because the role of woman has changed greatly from the past till now according to needs from the Japanese society and it will be changing in the future too. In the past the most important role of Japanese women was taking care of their family. It must be much harder than now because there were 10 15 people in a family and there was no machine for housework. Most Japanese women have worked hard everyday from before sunrise till night instead of going to a school. There were many girls who cannot receive even compulsory education for financial reasons. But the most important thing their parents hoped their daughter was to get the skills of a housework and to get married with a healthy hardworking man. For example my grandmother she has born in a poor farmer's family and gets married at 25 years old has been working hard for her family since she was 3 years old till now. She is I think very smart woman. Although she did not receive any education she loves books newspapers and has good vision for all things. If she would live in the present she could learn many things and might be a scientist. But she is always saying to me I am very happy. I have no complaint of my life. Actually in the past women's life was full and they have felt a sense of achievement for playing an important role in her family. It may be happier life than now. And now the role of Japanese woman is more complicated than the past. A housework become much easier because of many useful machines a smaller family and a help from a husband. Furthermore women receive higher education than the past and work as hard as men in the company. Now there are many choices of women's life. But when a Japanese woman gets married or has a child she must choose between her job and her family. In present Japan there isn't enough part time job. If someone chooses her job she has to work full time and must leave her children in someone's charge all day. On the other hand if someone chooses her family she must quit her job and stay home. She must have too much time to do only a housework. She feels much frustration and might become more nervous. My mother she has born also in a poor farmer's family and became a nurse at 17 years old and got married at 28 years old is one of women who chose their jobs. She was working so hard that her two daughters me and my older sister were sometimes sad because we were sometimes only two in our home and waiting our mother's back until night. We have understood the importance of her job but we were always lonely. In present days Japanese women have many problems in their life instead of getting many choices of life style. In the future Women's role will change still further however It is difficult to expect exactly. In my opinion my ideal woman's life that is to say my ideal life is everyone can spend her time as she like for her family her job and herself. A Japanese woman who has a family and a job has to play three important roles as a worker as a wife and as a mother. For the foreseeable future It will be more naturally that women works equally as men. And then I think the most important role that only woman can play will become more clear than now in other words the needs from her family become more important than it from the society. But doing everything a housework taking care of her family working with special skills is impossible for a woman without social system assisting a working mother such as enough part time jobs and day nursery. The women's role has been changing according to the change of needs from a society in any countries in the world. Especially in Japan women become equally as men in business only recently. Therefore The present society's need for women seems to considerably lean to full time jobs from a housework. Now most Japanese women are suffering from choosing between jobs and family. If there is more part time job that a mother who want to spend almost her time to take care of her children can apply many women who had to quit her job unwillingly would be able to put her skills and experiences to good account again. I hope Japanese women include myself will be able to play their rolls happily in the future.
