There are four steps to make your weekend trip perfect in advance. At first you should book accomodation on the Internet as soon as you decide which city you want to go to. It would be better do it by one month earlier because it may be difficult to book it especially if it's the season of summer vacation or a big city like New York. There are other ways such as on the phone and fax for yourself or though the travel agancy but I recommend you booking on the Internet because you can print out your reservation which will prevent you from misbooking. To get good price you should compare the hotel price chacking the several sites. You can get the cheaper price of acommodation. Then choose the transportaion to get to the city. There are usually four means which are by car bus train and airplane. There are some differences like time conveience and price so you can choose the best transportation which is suitable for your trip. Second of all get some information about the city by two weeks earlier than the trip. If you go there by car get a map at AAA and a check how long it takes using a guide book or mapquest which is a useful site for map or direction. Then to make your trip better you can check out the landmark restaurant history and specialities. For example if the city is near the ocean you can have fresh fish so you should check a sea food restaurant. It's also important to ckeck the business hours of restaurant museaum and so on in order not to miss the chance to visit. Third by the time is a couple days earlier you should confirm your reservations on the phone even though you have confirmation numbers or some documents for reservations. It would make your weekend trip perfect. You also check the traffic news to avoid trafic jam or constraction on the way to the city and the weather forecast because if the weather is not good you can think about the time you leave or arrive. Finally on the day before you leave to the trip you should fill in gasoline pack up your stuff and prepare some snacks and water which make money and time save. Check if you have money a credit card AAA card a driver's license and some documents for all revervations. If you complete these steps you can have a great time and enjoy traveling.
