THE PRESSURES OF BEING A STUDENT On developed countries be a student can produce you a lot of different feeling and worries because you need to deal with some kind of problems. In the last study published at Medical Student Journal in 2006 they found a few common difficulties that every student feel in order to achieve their goals. The most common problems that they found were Money problems 45 leave their families 42 and obtain a big scores 40 . Other but not less important things were move to other place 22 and anxiety about the new life 18 . Why is so hard to students deal with this kind of problems One of the most important things in this survey was how can you decide to study at one of the best universities in the country if you don't have enough money . Lot of very intelligent students can't study at Harvard University for example because the high cost of this university the cost of books and materials the student's fraternities and other thinks that they can't pay. That issue produces on the student a lot of stress because their dreams and their projections can be frustrated and probably they prefer don't study and continue their life at other kind of job like mailman manager building or something like that where their don't need a high level of education. Finally if they obtain the resources to study in this university their life can be very hard because they need to find a job to try to earn enough money to pay the other things like food clothes car ensures etc. The second reason and not least important is about the student's feelings when they need to leave their families. Most of them suffer a lot of sadness and depression to move to other city and loose their parents their homes and their comfort. It's very difficult to find answers that how you can deal with that some of them need psychological help to learn how you can adapt to this new life or how you can avoid that these feelings affected your academic performance. Others students prefer to return to their homes and try to changes their careers and return to their past life. The last important issue is about the pressure that the students feel about the necessity to obtain high scores. Some students adopt the easy way they prefer cheat on test because they don't want to spend a lot of time studying or because they don't trust enough in their knowledge or in their capacities. For the other side a lot of students spend days and hours to try to learn more and more because is the only way to obtain great scores and find a great job when they finished their classes but these means that they loose a big part of their lives because they don't have enough time to share their experiences and their new life. In conclusion we need to perform some changes to ovoid these problems like create more funds to help student to solve their economic restrictions create more universities or improve the other to prevent that student needs to move to other cities and fortify the family structure and modify the way to qualify to permit the student develop more qualities and identify the bad students to the great students. I know this is very difficult to understand and try to change but if you think in reduce the students stress fortify family union and found great jobs to great students probably the student's life can be improve.
