There are four steps to make your weekend trip perfect in advance. First you should book acommodations on the Internet as soon as you decide which city you want to go to. It would be better to do it one month earlier because it may be difficult to book it especially if it's the season of summer vacation or a big city like New York. There are other ways such as on the phone and fax for yourself or though a travel agent but I recommend you book on the Internet because you can print out your reservations which will prevent you from mistaking reservations. To get a good price you should compare the hotel price checking several sites. You can get a cheaper price for acommodations. Then choose the transportation to get to the city. There are usually four means which are by car bus train airplane. There are some differences like time convenience and price so you can choose the best transportation that is suitable for your trip. Second of all get some information about the city at least two weeks earlier than the trip. If you go there by car get a map at AAA and check how long it takes using a guide book or Mapquest a useful site for maps or directions. Then to make your trip better you can check out the landmarks restaurants history and specialities. For example if the city is near the ocean you can have fresh fish. So you should check sea food restaurants. It's also important to check the business hours of restaurants museums in order not to miss the chance to visit. Third a couple days before your trip you should confirm your reservations on the phone even though you have confirmation numbers or some documents for reservations. It would make your weekend trip perfect. You also check the traffic news to avoid trafic jams or construction on the way to the city and the weather forecast because if the weather is not good you can think about and reschedule the time you leave or arrive. Finally the day before you leave for the trip you should fill with gasoline pack your clothes and prepare some snacks and water to save your time and money for the trip. Check if you have money a credit card AAA card a diver's licens and documents for all reservations. If you complete these steps you can have a memorable time and enjoy travelling.
