Outline Topic The pressure of being a student 1. Friends 2. Parents 3. Teachers Many students feel pressure from their surroundings. Some critics point out students had better feel pressure because moderate pressure has good influence on students . Also the elder people often say the pressure of being a student is not serious compared with which of working in the society. But for some students it is so serious that they might quit school. In case of me I felt some kinds of stress when I was a student. It was too big for me and I was absent from school for more than one month. The pressure students feel is different individually. The big pressure many students feel is which from other people such as parents teachers or friends. The significant pressure of being a student is which they feel from their parents. Their parents sometimes tell them to study hard. If the students can get a high score on the exams their parents are glad and proud of their children. If they fail in the exams their parents cannot accept their children and tell them to study harder. Therefore they cannot show the bad results of the exams to their parents and they feel that the only way to satisfy their parents is to get a good score on the exams. They are gradually driven to study hard not for themselves but for their parents and they won't study unless their parents tell them to study. The pressure from teachers is sometimes serious for some students. Some teachers insist most important thing for the students is to study hard get a high score on the exams and have a good job. They also suggest that the harder students study now the happier they will be in the future. In some schools teachers reveal the score of all students in public. This causes students to feel nervous. Some schools make students to study for having a good reputation of the school. The teachers at that school easily give up their students once they realize the students cannot success in the exam and they are useless for their school. After that the students feel uneasy about their futures. The students often feel the pressure from their friends. The society that arouses a spirit of competition makes students think they have to prevail against their friends if they will be success in the future. That's why they try to compare themselves with their friends and they feel superior or inferior to their friends. In this situation it is difficult to make a good relationship with their friends. In brief many students feel the pressure of being a student and it sometimes has a bad effect on them. Some people say that students have recently become to feel pressure more easily than few years ago. But in fact because the environment surrounding them has become more complicated they have more chances to be exposed to pressure from the others. I predict the pressure of being a student will increase in the future. To release them from the pressure it is necessary for those people around the students to change their minds and try to believe the students.
