To study something to solve the problems and making one' life better is a special ability of human beings. Studying something through one's life is important to cope with various problems. So in many countries society gives a lot of chances and facility to the student. Instead of these student has some pressure of being a student. They have responsibility to meet social expectation cope with personal economic problem and in some cases concerned about familial problem. The society expects all students that they will contribute to the society someday. In Pittsburgh all students can use bus for free. And at various public amusements such as museum concert hall etc they can use them for student discount. Ultimately speaking these facilities are covered with our tax. So students have responsibility to attend the lecture to take a good grade to pass the test and finally to graduate from the school. In this way students have a pressure to continue being a student. To study at the school requires much cost to the students. Except some cases almost students have to manage their economic problem. In usual cases students don't have their job. So they need someone's help. Students who owe their cost to their parents have feel pressure to their parents students who receive scholarship have feel it to their sponsor. And it goes without saying that the students who manage the cost by themselves by part time job feel the great stress. Students are burdened with more or less economic problem. In some cases familial problem also loads pressure on the students. Parents usually expect their child to graduate with good grade and take a chance to get a good job. But in some exceeded cases parents's expectation is so large that their child feels it as heavy pressure. On the other hand the students who have their own family wife or husband and children have to manage various problems such as household economy child education etc. It may be also pressure to them. Thus according to the each circumstance familial problem can also be pressure to the students. Generally students seem not to have any social responsibility. Elder people who are tired from their job tend to say If I could come back to my school days every day might be easy days. They must forget their effort in their school days. Students always feel some pressure accordingly.
