As knowledge exploding more and more people are educated but the more desire they pursue the more pressure they might have. They are able to pursue high salary job and afford to have a higher quality of their standards of living. Before they have ability to compete with associates they might need to work hard on their education. School lives just like a small society therefore pressure exists not only in wage earners but also in students. Pressure comes from limiting budget of education fee getting along with teachers and classmates and achieving their self discipline. Limiting budget is an obstacle for students and also brings pressure to students. For instance some students really want to study but their parents do not have enough money to pay for their education fee. Therefore they might think about earning money by themselves. And then they will face a dilemma of choosing studying or working. In addition if students do not have enough money to pay for their education fee we can assume that there are some problems in their families. In this kind of situation how can students focus on schooling Having the problem of paying education fee makes students have stress. Having bad relationship with teachers and classmates is a kind of pressure to students. First of all if students do not like their teachers they might not want to pay attention to instruction or take classes because they do not want to face to their odious teachers. On the other hand if students cannot get along with their classmates they might not want to go to school either. Therefore these students might be pushed out from others and do not have good friends to do team works or discuss questions. Going to school becomes a pressure to them. Making a goal is supposed to good for students but they always over care too much about their performance. That causes stress to them. To illustrate some students want to be the top in their classes. In order to achieve this target they make a tough goal to themselves. They always do not satisfy their performance even though they do the best at all time. In this kind of self discipline some students cannot bear pressure and even commit suicide. Pressure in students might not less than wage earners. How can we release those problems Before having a baby considering your economy is a good method to avoid a straitened circumstance. Moreover banks can make a program for student loan. The loan is at the lowest interest for education fee. Secondly schools let students choose their own classes and grade their teachers. Schools take grades on instructors seriously and do improvements of grading results. The last but not the least teachers and parents should educate children to have correct values of grades and teach them to face frustrations.
