The changing role of Chinese women Do you want to know what the reaction is when Chinese women find out the sex of their new born baby girl 50 years ago they might have felt self condemned disappointed and cried. But now most Chinese women feel happy and excited. Why are there so different attitudes between the past and now Because the role of Chinese women have changed from dependent to independent through education economy and events. Education makes women have consciousness and the ability to be independent. 50 Years ago girls were thought of as housewives all their lifetime in China so education was unnecessary to them. Now there is an important policy every child has the right to go to school. From the education they received they realize they are individuate and learn some skills such as writing counting medicine. These make them stand on their own feet. Most Chinese women not only take care of their family but also support their family outcome make them have higher position in their family than last. . 50 Years ago many Chinese women like my grandmother couldn't earn money by themselves so they had to dependent on their husbands. Most of them didn't have the right to decide important things in a family some of them didn't even have the right to eat with their husbands at the dinner table at the same time. Now women can work outside and get the same pay as men. They can decide how to spend the money also they can plan the future of their family with their husbands. Because they have their income they have the equal position with their spouses in a family. Not just in family in many social events women also are the main roles. For example WuYi as the vice premier of China can decide many events of economy and has huge influence on china. Many people think she is a strong woman on negonation table. Many women join social events and participate in election to strive for women's rights or help more people. It was impossible for most of the women 50 years ago. From housewife to intelligentsia career women and social actioner from dependent to independent women will become a more and more important part of our society.
