Half of people in the world learn English as a second language. China and India each have more English speakers than the United States. Nowadays in Saudi Arabia learning the English language has become essential in our life. There are three factors which are affected by the English language. The three factors are job education and communication. Nowadays especially in KSA most of the jobs acquire English language. Even though you can find a job in KSA without learning the English language but you would have a much better chance of getting a good job with a good salary. However there are some people that found jobs without learning English but with their college degrees only. On the other hand people who have college degrees and an English language have a better chance of getting jobs with high salary. For example a friend of mine has a high school certificate and an English language he didn't go to college because his grades were not very good and so he started applying for jobs. Suddenly a couple of companies called him for an interview for the job he was surprised and he got a job because of the English language. On the other hand there are people who have college degrees but without an English language find difficulties finding jobs. Students who are planning to study college in the United States have to take English courses before going to the University which is another strong reason to learn the English language. Also the Universities in the U. S have a longer history than the Universities in KSA and students who graduate from Universities in the U. S have a good chance of finding jobs. Nowadays most of the education sources are in English. Even in Saudi Universities some majors are taught in English. Although there are some effort to translate these sources to many other languages than English including Arabic language but learning English is still going to give a wide range of source. Nowadays most of the professors in Saudi Universities have college degrees from the U. S. If you want to travel anywhere these days the only language used to communicate with foreigners is English. In Most of the countries I traveled to where they don't speak Arabic and also don't speak English the only way to communicate with them are by English which convinced me that learning English as a second language is the best way to communicate with foreigners. Nowadays people have a trend towards doing business internationally and the only way to communicate with other foreign companies is by English which explains why most of the companies in KSA acquire English language. Ultimately globalization is playing a big role in making the English language the mother of all languages so in order for a person to be successful in a kind of field he has to have a good background in English so it would help him to be up to date to what's happening in the world. This is what would make a person cope with the world globalization.
