THE CAUSES OF ILLITERACY For many years illiteracy has been a problem throughout the world and many countries have tried to fight against this situation mainly because illiteracy delays the economic and social development of society. An illiterate person is unable to read and write due to the deficiency of learning by outside factors or incapacity. Illiteracy is not caused by a lack of intelligence and it is often a result of external factors or disabilities than can be addressed to help this people. Nowadays many systems have been developed throughout the world to attack illiteracy and the most common causes are poverty low literacy within the family and learning disabilities. They are the main causes of the marginalization of an important part of the worldwide population. Poverty and illiteracy are related and they affect individuals and families everywhere because there are many people lack the necessary resources to satisfy the basic social needs or resources to live such as health nutrition education etc. Therefore many people cannot start elementary school nor have a simple education because they do not have resources. In addition many kids have to get a job at the early age to support their families and because they have to help their parents with money prevent them from going to schools in consequence they remain Illiterate. For example according to M. E. Ministry of Education Venezuela 70 of the population is poor 30 of these people cannot go to school and this is one of the reasons because they are illiterate. This situation is getting worse due to limitations to development and the learning process as well as the skills for fighting against illiteracy. Lack of literacy within the family is another cause of Illiteracy due to no one reading to their children or taking them to the library in some families. Furthermore there are families where at least one of the parents does not know to read or write and so they cannot teach to their children. For example according to O. M. V. Media Observatory of Venezuela Venezuela has many parents cannot read because they had to get a job when they were children and never could go to school and learn. Therefore some of them never introduce literacy to their children or hardly ever saw them reading a book to their children. Another reason for illiteracy is learning disabilities. Illnesses as Dyslexia Central Auditory Processing Disorders C. A. P. D. And Short Term Memory Difficulties are responsible of many people cannot read. These illnesses are a disruption in the ability of a person prevent interpreting just simple reading a book. As an Illustration dyslexia is the incapacity of some people to read and write correctly disabling them from using or acquire reading and writing. Illiteracy is a negative aspect of society that it is necessary to eradicate because it is a result of underdevelopment and consequently it limits the progress of society. Poverty lack of literacy and learning disabilities affect many people throughout of the world and they live in a dark world that brings unemployment underemployment and social marginalization. Even though the efforts made by the governments have been many to fight this also it is certain that these efforts have been inefficient and in countries of low resources it seems that every day there are more illiterate people.
