The benefits of learning English One of the most essential ways to open to the world is learning a new language. Learning a new language and especially English is so important because of the many benefits you would acquire such as using modern technology gaining more experience and communicating with people around the world since English is the most common understandable language in many countries. Using technology requires people who understand and use English language. For example if you do not know English you often can not use the Internet and the services that are given such as the email doing a web search and know the news in the world. Therefore technology whether in the Internet or in other fields demands learning English. The second reason for learning English is to have more experience in life. For instance usually if you want to have a job one of the questions you are asked is if you speak another language and especially English. Also you will have more experience in other fields such as when you meet new people. For example a lot of tourists come to my country for watching the rump but almost no one speaks Arabic so a lot of them speak English if they have any question about the rump so the people who work there need to understand and speak English with them but it is not so hard to speak English in my country because we learn English at school for about 5 years. The third incentive of learning English is to communicate with people around the world. For example traveling and studying. When I came to the United States to study I found out exactly what the benefits of learning English are and how much it is so important to be able to understand English when you are traveling and studying. For instance when I came to USA my airplane late one day and we had to stay at the hotel until next day but because I do not speak English good I can not understood what should I do so I stayed in the airport for one day and then I came to USA. Therefore traveling and studying are two types of communicating with other people but there are many others such as having a new job and meeting new people who only speak English. Finally I think that learning English will be ongoing and developed in all countries around the world. I think also that the advantages of learning English will increase more than using the technology and having more experience in communicating with people.
