The benefits of the old stories During my life I have had a lot of benefits from many things noticeably from old stories. It is unequivocal for all of us that the old stories have many things that we can learn. Peoples around the world have different cultures and different life based on the habitats where they have been living as a result each people has its own stories. However they all have a tacit agreement. All of the stories play the same job. From old stories you can learn how to avoid the desperation how to treat other people and how to be patient on the adversities. Old stories that you may hear from elderly people such as your grandfathers or grandmothers can make you learn how to avoid the desperation. In these days most of people haven't met their grandparents or their elderly relatives. Given this situation they don't know how to avoid the desperation. I am on of the people who his grandparents still alive for example gained a lot of benefits from them. Gandy's story the best of which I've heard before is a good story about avoiding the desperation. Gandy is an Indian citizen. He went to England to study there and he faced a bad treatment from the England people because he was a foreign. He managed on his study in England and then he went back to his country. After that he received a job offer to work in England. At that time he wasn't satisfied from the England people as a result he accept the offer to go back to England trying to change their concept. Unfortunately he went to England and he has been abused by the people there. Gandy tried to change the people's minds in England but that caused him a lot. He lost his job and he went back to his country and he has been incarcerated by the government of India. In short he didn't desperate he resisted until he died and in the end he obtained what he wanted. On the other hand old stories can tell you how to treat other people. The most important thing that we face everyday is treatment other people. People know the person from the treatment with him so your treatment reflects your personality. That means we you have to know how to treat others with the right way so you reflect the good side of you. From my little experience in the live I have known many ways to treat other people. My knowledge came from some old stories the better of which was about one of Prophet ANON_NAME_0's ways to treat people. Prophet ANON_NAME_1 for instance has lived as a neighbor for a non Muslim man. His neighbor was bothering him everyday. For example he was throwing his garbage in front of Prophet ANON_NAME_1's door everyday. Once his neighbor was sick and prophet ANON_NAME_1 heard about him after that he visited his neighbor because he was his neighbor. When that neighbor saw that treatment from Prophet ANON_NAME_1 he realized that he was a culprit and then he became a Muslim. I think this is a perfect example of how people treat each other. All of us may face many adversities and we need to know we can be patient on them. Some old stories can teach us that. You can deal with the adversities or the dilemmas by being judicious. You have to think about them carefully. For example my grandmother has told me about a girl who has lived a long time in the past. The girl was very pretty and she was a king's daughter. In the past Arab used to hide the pretty girls to avoid other people inroads. They used to put the pretty girl inside a box and let a strong man to carry her while they're moving. That pretty girl was carried by a strong man but the man didn't know what was inside the box because he wasn't allowed to open the box. After a while the man became tired and got angry so he opened the box and saw the pretty girl. Given he was angry he tried to rap the girl. While he was trying to take off the girl's clothes a lion appeared but he didn't panic. After that he didn't complete what he was doing. He took her to her father. One week later the girl married her cousin. At the weeding night when her cousin was about to trod her a mouse appeared and he panicked. As a result the girl refused him and went to her father to tell him what happened. She told him about the man who has carried her. Her father tried to find him to recoup him but he couldn't. The father came up with an idea after deep thinking. He made a huge dinner and invited all the tribes. He built a big tent and made to gates for the tent. One of them was empty and he put a lion in front of the other gate. All the people were entering from the empty door except one person the man who has carried the girl. The king introduced him to the people in that dinner and gave him his daughter to marry her. In conclusion old stories are a great way to help people avoiding a lot of mistakes that they do. Also they have many things to learn. Any old story can help even if it's from another culture because it performs the same job as your culture's stories.
