Many have been concerned about the illiteracy in the world population despite the fact that literacy rates have increased steadily over the past few decades. It has been a problem especially in the third world. The definition of illiteracy is the lack of the ability to read and write. However functional illiteracy has attracted considerable attention in the developed nations. It means the lack of ability function enough in a complex society. Furthermore it means the lack of ability enough to incorporate reading materials that relate directly to community development and teaching useful life skills. I would like to focus it in Japan and describe the causes of it. I consider the main causes of functional illiteracy are problems of illegal foreign workers school phobia and a shortage of systems of lifelong study. The populations of illegal foreign workers are increasing in Japan. They can use their mother country's languages. But almost of them don't have abilities to communicate with others in complex society and to be useful in working. It is said that about six hundred thousand of illegal foreign workers live in Japan. Actually I had opportunities to come in contact with them because of my profession in Japan. Probably they are not illegal just foreign workers but almost of them are functional illiteracy people. When I was working as a medical doctor in my town some foreign workers sometimes went to my hospital. They speak broken Japanese and rarely read and write it. I could not almost communicate with them in Japanese. We have some advantages by employing them but some social problems such as crime and human rights related to functional illiteracy are becoming steady serious in Japan. If the problems of foreign workers are so serious these of illegal foreign workers must be much more so. On the other hand although there are well regulated environments to acquire the literacy some children dare to refuse it in Japan. School refusal is suited for an example. Compare with several decades ago lately the number of children who can't go to school increase. They have various reasons such as bullying domestic problems teachers education systems and so on. They can't follow classes and they are likely to stay indoors. If they don't make every effort to acquire the literacy by other ways they can't learn functional illiteracy any more. The more present day society becomes complex the more this problem becomes serious. A shortage of lifelong study is closely connected with functional illiteracy . A lifelong study is cultivating the basic ability that a human lives like a human as a human. Functional literacy is contained the basic ability. The importance of lifelong study has been paid attention to Japanese since several years ago. But the number of institutions of it is not enough to educate people who don't have functional literacy. This situation especially comes under the countryside. The literacy population has a gap between urban and countryside still now in Japan. Literacy is the basic ability which human is able to live like human. It is most important skill in this society. Therefore while we must grapple with the problem of illegal foreign workers and school refusal we must try hard to build additional institutions of lifelong study all over the Japan.
