Topic The pressures of being a student Everyone is considered student in school life. We are studying since we were young until the death. In this learning journey we should be interpreted by great many pressures that have impacted us. For me I suffer from some pressers of being a student which come from studying English language beside my original major and domestic responsibility. Studding English language is one of the most important goals for me but it causes me some pressers. For examples I've been in the United State for a year but I've got a little improving in the English language whereas most of my kids can speak pretty well now. Therefore I'm very concerned in my ability in learn English. Moreover if culture has a brightened side it would have a dark side also. In fact in my class there are many different cultures that I have to be more careful for all of them to keep good relationships with all. I feel a little nerves when I want to talk or deal with my classmates that I feel that what is acceptable to one is may not acceptable to another. The pressers that are caused by my academic studying are another part of my stress. I have limited time to read in my major because I have a lot of homework from the English institute. On the other hand I need English skills to cultivate my ability in my major. For example I have to read mush English research to write the thesis. So it gets complicated because I can't consider one instead one. My domestic responsibility adds other pressers. Did you hear before son's pressers are moving to parents That is exactly what happened with me. For instance my kids face kind of pressers of being students in new country. At the beginning they were crying when they came from school. They had to deal with curriculums and the new language too. I've spent more time to help them with my husband. My life as a student is considered to be one of a serious factor to suffer from the pressers such as studying in foreign country concentrating in my major and taking care of my kids. Can't we imagine life with out pressers In my opinion some pressers give our life worthiness.
