Most people know that it is essential to manage time efficiently. One of the most common endeavors to achieve this goal is to try to make a schedule and follow it. Unfortunately they find that it is very difficult and give up easily within a few days. However it is possible to manage time effectively if they make a realistic schedule. Besides they can also save time as they use short time which can be easily wasted and reduce unnecessary waste of time. These three ways are really useful to manage time. Making a realistic schedule is the most important to manage time. Because people tend to make a schedule beyond their ability or without careful consideration they are frustrated and do not want to follow it any more. They should make a schedule day by day and check how it goes daily. It helps to realize what to do specifically. In addition to it they had better make a list on a notebook or a diary and check one by one. Also writing a schedule in the order that it is important helps to finish the work efficiently. If the important works are done in advance the rest of them can be done without feeling nervous. Secondly people who want to manage time should use short time which can be easily wasted. Because it is difficult to recognize that there is short time which is caused before starting another work most people tend to miss it. However it can be prevented if they are discernible about short time and try to do a couple of useful activities. For example reading helpful books on a bus or train is one of the activities to prevent short time from being wasted. It is also effective way to use remaining time after having lunch. Because people waste this time or spend without any consideration it would be a useful example which had not frequently used to manage time. Reducing unnecessary waste of time is also necessary to save time. One of the ways to reduce unnecessary waste of time is to foster helpful habits. Finishing the work which people should do in any case is an example of a helpful habit. If they put off the work little by little it must become a heavier burden. Inversely people can manage their work properly as their plan if they finish each work at every moment. It is also a recommended habit to get up and go to bed at a regular time. Because irregular biorhythm makes people reluctant to work vigorously it disturbs to manage time efficiently and makes people waste of time ultimately. Time management is always regarded as one of the most important parts of the ordinary life. Most people recognize it and try to come up with the activities which can help to achieve it. Nevertheless they have difficulty sticking with it and tend to give up early. Three ways which are mentioned above would be effective to manage time and following examples would help to achieve the three ways. Effective time management will be helpful not only to save time but also to make the individual's life vigorous.
