Throughout Korea history most people thought that only women have to do housework. Do you think that only women have to do housework Now most women are participating in social working and they also have changed awareness of the role of women. For example Bo Young ANON_NAME_0 is a famous English writer lecturer and ANON_NAME_1 Yeon Baek is a famous professor an announcer. Although there used to be discrimination between men and women women have brought new roles about education employment and housekeeping so far. Even if there used to be an educational discrimination between men and women in Korea women have recovered an educational right. Nowadays they are attending university and college. The number of women who are participating in the university and college is almost the same with the number of men. According to University of Seoul which is the best of Korea university people who are attending University of Seoul consist of women more than half. Actually women are becoming better than men about grade of school. In Korea There is no difference between men and women in terms of education. In Korea The rate of women's employment is becoming equal to men. The women who have occupation are also increasing. Once women could not get a job such a doctor or lawyer etc whereas they can get these jobs recently. For example Kyung Suk ANON_NAME_2 is famous for a woman doctor about pregnancy. And the woman lawyer Mi Ae Kim is working as lawyer who solves problems relating to social problem. This facts show us that the occupations such as a doctor and lawyer are not just for men. Capable women are needed in various fields of the society. As more and more women have occupation lately both men and women have done housework unlike the past. That is housework is a joint work. Once women had done family affairs like doing the laundry cleaning the room. Nowadays however husband and wife do housework together and they earn money from their job as well. They can get a lot of money as well as finish housework quickly. Despite discrimination between men and women in the past women have recovered a right in Korea. In summary women have contributed in many areas of society. We should not have prejudice that women have to do housework. We also should think that women and men are equal. In the future more women will take part in many fields of society.
