English is accepted as the world language. Many countries including Taiwan encourage their citizens to study English to connect with other countries. After studying English for several years the benefits of learning English to me are to communicate with people can't speak Chinese to be competitive in studying and getting a good job and to help me realize the Western culture and get alone with the Western people. First I can use English to communicate with foreigners. When I travel other countries I can use English to ask people questions and information. Last time I went to Australia with my friends and I lost my wallet in an aquarium. I was anxious and all my friends helped me to look around. Then I asked someone where the customer information was and asked for help there. After I described the shape and color of my wallet they took out mine that someone found that and sent to there. That is the first time I discover English is a so important language. I have to learn to talk with people in other countries. The second learning English can help me be competitive in studying and getting a job. In Taiwan English is one subject of the National Exam for entering college. Besides the books for most majors in college are written in English. I need using English to read journal write essay and then can finish my studying. Furthermore I need to take to English exams such as TOEFL GRE or TOEIC for higher studying or getting a job in the top companies. The good ability of English can help me achieve my goal. Finally I can get along with the Western people through learning English. The culture between the East and the West is really different. However the contact and exchange time is increasing. Many words have different meanings between Chinese and English. I have to learn and avoid misunderstanding or being impolite. For example I should use African American in place of Black people because the second is really impolite and even a war started cause that. Now I live in the United States and study there. I must understand the Western culture by learning English. That will help me to get along with people there. English is the world language and we can use it to communicate with others to get information. It's also important for getting a higher degree or a good job. Moreover in order to live in the United States I should understand their culture and background. The three above are my benefits from studying English.
