Do you have any difficulty in managing your time Do you sometimes feel frustrated because of the time that you have wasted Are you often embarrassed because of the appointments that you have missed If so it is time for you to sit and think about how you manage your time. We all are given the same amount of time 24 hours a day. Time is like a weapon for a soldier in the battle field. We as warriors can get as much as possible with our weapon time. All of us want to be a winner not a loser in the battle field of time management so we need some strategies to win the battle. Here I want to give you a few useful tips. You will be a successful time manager if you follow these four kinds of Time steps. The first step is to find out Dead time in your daily life. Have you ever been aware of how you use your time If you have not you can't imagine how much time you did waste as dead time. Keeping records of a whole day or week days will lead you to find the missing time. When I was a freshman in university I was advised to make a list of my records of a day Best time in your twenty four hours a day. Everyone has high and low periods of attention and concentration during a day. Are you a morning person or a night person If you are a morning person your best time is in the morning. If a night person you are in your best condition with darkness. It is usually said that it is better to be a morning person than a night person. However it is not true with all of us. I know one night person who wanted to be a morning person. He tried to get up early in the morning for several days. As a result he was too sleepy in the morning time to do his study well. Your own best time is different from that of any one else. After finding your best time make the most use of it for study and difficult tasks. When you are fresh and in your top condition you can process information more quickly concentrate on the subjects more easily and finish jobs in shorter time. Just use your best time for the best things and use other time for routines such as laundry and so on. Making a list of Must time setting a priority is the third step. It is very important to identify your priority for an efficient time management. Priority simply means to put first things first. There are things that you must do right now and things that you can put off for a later time. Here is one good example of method to identify your priority. It is called Eisenhower Method and was used by US President Dwight D. Eisenhower as you think. According to this method all tasks are evaluated using the criteria important unimportant and urgent not urgent and put in according quadrants. Tasks in unimportant not urgent are dropped tasks in important urgent are done immediately and personally tasks in unimportant urgent are delegated and tasks in important not urgent are done personally. Find your must things using this method. Then write down them classes appointments and meetings on a chronological log book or chart. Now you have a To Do list. You can also use ready made time schedulers or organizers. I am sure that just writing down what you have to do will make you feel much less stressful especially when you have lots of things to do. This is only one of many benefits which we can get from setting a priority. The final step is to evaluate your Past time according to the list. Before you go to bed don't forget to have time to check out what you have done. Look up and down your list or scheduler. Then check up what is done or what is undone with different marks. Evaluating is creating. It is not only for your past time but also for your future time. Evaluating is not for discouraging you but instead for encouraging yourself. Put your focus on what you have succeeded not on what you have failed. Evaluating will help you to avoid the same mistake. You will be better and better than the day before. In conclusion it is no exaggeration to say that your success in your life depends on how you manage your time. Being a good time manager needs many kinds of skills. With four steps mentioned above you can change dead time into live time use best time for best thing do first thing for must time and make past time meaningful for the time to come.
