Time management is similar to a voyage across the sea where there is no visible road. As if a ship goes to the destination across the sea you spend certain time to cultivate a college life and to gain a goal. To get the destination most of all the management ability of the captain who conducts over the voyage is crucial. Likewise you are a captain of your voyage for successful college life. You have to make decision where you should go what you should do and how you spend your time to get a goal. You can handle your own voyage the college life. Maybe you want to get there fast enjoying the voyage. Therefore you have to know how to control your time because there are a lot of possibilities to do and you have limited time to use like the sea which has no visible road. Accordingly successful time management will be a shortcut to guide you to successful college life. There are three ways to manage your time efficiently. First of all you have to make priority notes every week. It makes you see your priority obviously. If you want to fill the jar with a many size of stones you have to put big one first then put small one. Unless you put big one first you can't put the big one ultimately because of small ones. To get good grades on mid term test you can adjust your outside activity or reduce the time to watch TV and prolong the time to prepare the mid term test. And update priority note every week because most student life cycle is usually fitted with every week. For example during the first week of your semester you have to register your classes and cope with a class and new teacher. You have mid term test period for 1 2 weeks and final test period for 1 2 weeks as well. Therefore to make priority notes every week makes you more organized. Second way to manage your time is to make your to do list before you work in the morning. The morning is the best time to start to check what you should do. If you get up earlier you can have a great time to enjoy your life better. After sleep you might be full of new energy and passion to start a day. It makes you more comfortable and relaxed to confirm homework and appointments by making to do list. When you make your to do list you need to prepare your own place in which nobody bothers you. Making the to do list doesn't take too much time. But if someone bothers it you can't pay attention your job so you spend additional energy to do it. This little effort in the morning can change your everyday life more active and confident. Finally it is necessary to recall your day before turning in at night. When you recall your day you can remind your goal and reflect the way it goes. And you can rearrange to do list. In the company they always discuss about what they have accomplished and what the task are progressing now. You are a CEO of your own life You can make a decision to achieve your goal. You can throw away less important things such as browsing internet with no specific purpose. After reflecting your day you can't feel only a sense of accomplishment but also measure out how much time you take to do something. In short you have to make priority notes every week and make to do list before you work in the morning and recall your day before turning in at night. Following those ways your life will be well organized and you can see where your ship is going. Moreover when you arrive at your destination of your college life finally you'll know successful time management can make differences from life without managing time.
