Title The benefits of learning English. The most influential language in the world is English . I've been learning English since I was child. Many countries and people spend a lot of time studying English. By knowing Englsih we can get many benefits in various ways such as for study job life in the US. Many students who are in our class are going to enter University in the US. To enter University here we need not only a TOEFL but an ability to understand very well. To be able to study in the US is one of the benefits of learning English. It's so nteresting to study in the US because when we study in US we can know american culture and meet many americans. On the other hand I was studying English literature in my country. They ask me to have a great skill about english. After I finish the study in here it'll be easier to study my major than before. It can be so helpful for me wherever I study. After we grauate school we'll have a job. My friend who came from Saudi Arabia said I have to have good ability to communicate with foriegners and my company wants that. That's why I came here. I came to know more detail that some people learn english for own job through him. If we have a job in here it's more important to learn english because most people who live in here use English. Some freinds who meet here said they're going to get a job. They told me that is why they are in ELI now. My Friends in my Church live in Pittsburgh. Although they already know english a little bit they want to learn english more for their better life. It's not about study or job. When we do so important things such as contract or purchase english is necessary for us. For a time my freind injured but it was very hard to explain his pain to doctor because of our poor english. At that time we felt the important of knowing English. Through this essay I found there are a couple of benefits from learning english. Everyone who is learning English has personal reasons. For any reason we are doing our best to get the benefit learning english. I hope that nobody fails to be complete speaker.
