The Changing Role of Women Woman's role in this society has changed dramatically in the last century. 100 Years ago most women were only housewives. Their life's goals included staying at home all day doing house chores having a large family and raising the children. However in most countries today many women not only perform very well in their education and occupation they also share the same responsibilities as men. Many women today have a very high level of education. Most women today have at least university degrees and some even have Master's degrees or Doctor's degrees. They have degrees in many difficult fields such as engineering computer astronomy and medicine. Families today think that not only their sons but their daughters need to go to school. 100 Years ago it was not easy for women to receive degrees. For example my great grandmother never went to any school. My grandmother only went to elementary school. In her generation it was not easy to go to school especially for women. In old traditional Chinese ideas women didn't need to accept education. They have to go to work and earn money for their parents and brothers who can go to schools. Unlike them my mother my older sister and I both have a university degree. My older sister had a Master's degree in England's university last year. I am also interested in a Master's degree in the future after I finish ELI. Many women today also have very high paying occupations. There are women in many kinds of professions. Many big companies have female businesswomen. For example eBay's CEO Meg Whitman is a woman. Many doctors engineers and astronomers in science today are also female. A lot of women have also become influential politicians in many countries. Hillary Clinton was a famous first lady when Bill Clinton was president. Now she is a candidate for president in the next election. This is very different from 100 years ago when most women stayed at home to cook and raise children. Women today share the same responsibilities as men. Many husbands and wives today share house work at home. Some husbands sometimes even cook for the family. Today's women also work hard to earn money for their families. After I get married to my boyfriend in the future I will share the same responsibilities with him. We will both work hard to make money share house work and have a happy family together. The role of women in today's world is very different from the role they had 100 years ago. Women today work hard in school to receive high level degrees. Women today also do well in many jobs that only men could do 100 years ago. Finally today's women share a lot of family responsibilities with men. Most of them do not just depend on their husbands anymore. The role of woman will keep changing and improving and women will have even better roles in the future.
