For most students the pressure of examinations can be very painful. I've seen many people who are in pain over an examination. When I was a high school student in my school many students tried smoking because of the stress of an examination. Especially an important examination such as a S. A. T a test for graduate school or an interview for a job may make people uncomfortable. A famous Korean writer Bi ya Han said Examination makes me grow up but this is true only if someone really likes learning. Except for these people most students don't like examinations. Whenever I had a test or examination I could see each person's features under pressure. I think the pressure of an examination relates to age area of study finances. In accordance with a student's age pressure can have different meaning with an examination. For example teenagers who have a school examination can feel pressure of a parent's expectation for the S. A. T to go to college. They can't see the big picture for their future. They just feel the pressure of their parent's scolding and are interested in going to a good college. An adult who has a college examination or an interview for a job also feel pressure to get good grades for graduate school or to satisfy a job. Even though they are more grown up than a teenager they are getting more responsibility for themselves. We can find one feature in regard to a student's age each have different pressures. Different areas of study influence different pressures with examination. For example the department of liberal arts students can be pressured about a science examination because they prefer a conversation writing or reading than the proof of a formula or calculation. On the other hand the science department student can be pressured by an examination relating to the department of liberal arts. That is if a student has an exam different from their major they can feel pressured by it. Different financial status can make pressure for each group of students who have an examination. For instance when poor students prepare an examination they want to succeed on the examination so they may have pressure from the examination. However when rich students prepare an examination they have to worry about keeping their parents property or reputation. It doesn't matter if someone is rich or poor. They just have different kinds of pressure. In conclusion although there are different kinds of pressure from examination related to age area of study and financial situation students suffer from the examination. However if we can become more mature by examination it will not make pressure anymore.
