The Causes of decreasing literacy in Korea Nowadays many young Korean students are substandard in literacy. Although Korean elementary and middle school is a duty many students are not reading books enough and they are not using the Korean language as it is. The outside of them seems not bad but when we look deeper we can find out that many students have only a surface knowledge. Moreover they are getting weak in speaking reading and writing. In my opinion there are some reasons that cause these problems hard education the decreasing the number of students who read books and changed language in internet and cell phone text message. First students have to do a very hard school schedule in school and academy. All parents wish that their children go to the university. But for this wish many students are forced to go to an academy after school schedules. The school schedule end usually on 4 pm. Some schools end on 10 pm . After the school they go to an academy for supplementary lessons that end on 10 pm and the quality of the education is not good. The teachers are only teaching and students are only hearing. It is a one way system without interaction. It is a cramming method of teaching. To follow the quantity of lessons students are forced to learn. Unfortunately many students have only a surface knowledge for these reasons. The school is not only hard but only boring for them. They want to have freedom from school and education. Second the number of student who read books in Korea is very low. The reason is that many students use the Internet for searching information instead of the book. We know that the Internet gives us a lot of information. We are living in a world in where we share information on the web. Actually huge information on the web is convenient to search and it is faster than to go to the library or buying books. We are not charging for them when we use the internet. That's why the Students do not read books for getting information. They are using only the Internet. An instance in the past I rarely went to the library for my research. It was better for me to use the information on the internet. There was all what I want. The generation of my parents they used only the book to get information. They read directly edited and wrote directly. However we are not doing this work. We copy past and correct the contents on the internet without books. Last students use the internet language and Text message language that is changed. They want to use a faster and shorter language. The language is in art code that people usually do not understand. They use emoticons and shorter words and changed it so that they are used to it in their live. For example after checking the diaries of elementary students the teachers were surprised because over 70 of the students used a language like the internet and Text message language. Only 30 wrote in the right way. Many words are getting changed. For these reasons many young Korean students are substandard in literacy. More and more of them have only a surface knowledge instead of the deep knowledge. They lose interest in reading books and sitting like a doll in school. They turn their interest to other ways like the internet and learned the language in a wrong way. This problem is not only a problem in Korea but also in other countries. I think all of us have to worry about this important problem.
