College students are usually very busy during their semester and have not much time to do their homework or important things. So they often forget something and get busy to do it in a very moment and can not do it well. Sometimes they are spending time without thinking then realize that there was something they should do. It is not just for college student's problem but for everyone. Therefore we all should manage our time very well and do their things right for me there are three ways to manage time. First I think prioritizing and doing the most important thing last is an efficient way to manage time. If you don't have orders or priorities you can't decide which one is the most important thing to do. So first thing to do is making your own list you should do and prioritizing in your way and you can decide according to due dates and importance. In my case I used to do the most important thing first and sometimes it took too long to finish so I completely forgot other things. One day I was so angry with me because I forgot many things. So I was trying to save other things and I did every thing mixed with nervous mind. I did one thing and remained it then did the other thing and I think it made me do poor job. Now I make my own planner which looks like a small calendar and put everything in it such as homework. And I make a list from the planner then I decide the most important thing and set priorities with other things. Once I planned everything which I should do today and do easy and not important things with priorities then I do the most important thing last. In this way I can have more time to concentrate on the important thing because other things don't bother me. Second to manage time planning things before doing something is a good way. Sometimes students are too busy to plan many things they should do. So they often forget things and lose control time they have. I think they should think first and do something. To plan time first they should get up early and make today's plan. Unless they have time to think they can not use time efficiently. In my case I sometimes got up late and ran to the school of ELI. I didn't have time to prepare classes and textbooks. For this reason I feel time is too fast and I was frustrated. To avoid this situation students should prepare their today. So I made a sheet which had a time line and wrote down in a large scale then looked at it when I felt killing time. And the other good thing about making a daily plan is that you can realize your having much time. When I did not make a daily plan I did not know how to organize things and have dead time. Actually my friend Eun Jin taught me how to make a daily plan. She made a sheet for me and got me to look at my day. At first it was hard to organize things and write down every detail. However I tried to make my own plan and now I can organize things and do them better. Finally to manage time I think setting time limit for things is important. People often forget time while doing important thing or favorite thing. So they can not use time efficient and have to do other thing in not enough time. As I mentioned before prioritizing and planning a day is important but if you don't care about time you spend those are not quite useful for them. To make other things useful you should decide time limitation for something they usually do. It could be doing homework playing a game or some other things they enjoy. So you know the appropriate time you should spend then you can prioritize them and avoid using time inappropriately. For example I do like to play a game such as Star craft and sometimes it makes me not to realize time. Even though I planned and prioritized things I should do I can not have chance to do them. Therefore it is so important to decide time limitation and I can actually use other time management skill. There are many ways to manage time but I think these three steps are crucial. First you should make your own list and prioritize things in the list. Then you can make a daily plan according to your prioritized things. Finally with these two ways you should decide time limit. As I mentioned before in my third paragraph it is most important to care about time you spend and use it appropriately.
