The changing role of women in the Japanese society Women have played many roles in each country in the world. At present people have the similar roles without regard to sex in some advanced countries whereas in Japan sexual discrimination is still found in many companies and communities. It might be due to the Japanese national character. Since ancient times it was a necessity and a matter of life and death for Japanese people an agriculture people to help each other when someone needed help such as happening of a natural disaster. Therefore the best personality was especially for a woman non egotistic and a person who could administer to other people. That has still not changed. However a Japanese woman's life is changing dynamically day by day because the role of woman has changed greatly from the past till now and it will continue to change in the future too. In the past the most important role of Japanese women was taking care of their family. It must have been much harder than now because there were 10 15 people in a family and they had no machine for housework. Most Japanese girls were working hard everyday from before sunrise till night instead of going to school because their parents had considered that most important thing for them was to get housekeeping skills for getting married to a healthy hardworking man. For example my grandmother was born in a poor farmer's family and got married at 25 years old and has been working hard for her family since she was 3 years old till now. She is I think a very smart woman. Although she did not receive any education she loved reading books newspapers and has good vision for all things. If she would be born 50 years later she could acquire a lot of knowledge and might be a scientist. However she is always saying to me I have been very happy. I have no complaint for my life. Actually in those days women had a very full life and they were feeling a sense of achievement for playing an important role in their family so they might be happier than now. And now the role of Japanese woman is more complicated than in the past. Housework became much easier because of many useful machines a smaller family and help from the husbands so woman doesn't have to spend all of the times for housework. Furthermore women can receive higher education than in the past and they are working as hard as men in the many companies. As a result there are many choices in women's life now. But if a woman gets married or has a child she necessarily must choose between working full time and taking care of her family because there isn't enough part time jobs in Japan yet. My mother also was born in a poor farmer's family became a nurse at 17 years old and got married at 28 years old is one of the women who chose their jobs. She was working so hard that her two daughters my older sister and me sometimes missed her because we were the only two in our home waiting for our mother's return until late into the night. I have thought that she has liked her job more than her family for a long time but now I'm sure that she must have worried about her family everyday. In present days Japanese women have many problems in their life instead of getting many choices of life style. In the future women's role will change still further. It is difficult to prospect exactly but in my opinion the primary role of woman will become taking care of her family again. In Japan luck of part time job and day care center is one of main social problems and if it is solved many women who have children will be able to work in each own way and spend a lot of time with their family. Really I got married few years ago have no children yet and working day and night. If I become a mother I will have to quit my job for my child. But in the future if Japanese society would be changed better and the compatibility of work with child care will become easier than now I will resume my job. Women's role has been changing according to the change of needs of society in any countries in the world. Especially in Japan women became equal to men in business only recently. Therefore the present society's need for women seems to lean to full time jobs from housework. Now most Japanese women are suffering from choosing between jobs and family. If there are more part time jobs that a mother who wants to spend almost her time to take care of her children can apply for many women who had to quit her job unwillingly would be able to put her skills and experiences to good account. I hope Japanese women including myself will be able to play their roles happily in the future.
