These days many people learn English as a second language in the world and our life English is the most common language to communicate with people who was from other countries. English is very useful when we travel to other countries study at school and get our job. Now the days traveler all over the world so English is useful to communicate with foreigners. For example if we travel to other countries and want to buy something in the stores or eat in the restaurant we can use some basic words to communicate with them. For example I went to Taiwan last vacation. I wanted cut my hair in Taiwan. All Taiwanese thought about I'm Taiwanese and they talked to me in Taiwanese. But I can't spoke Taiwanese so I said to them I can't speak Taiwanese sorry. And they spoke all things in English to me. The people who owns the store on the restaurant usually knows some basics English. Most students learn English at school and they try to get high grade. For instance we enter the universities some universities want some students who have high grades in English to apply in their school. Also some students were chosen occasionally to U. S. Universities. In addition now days most students want to go U. S. For learn English as well. We can find the students easily in Pittsburgh. Most ESL students are same an instance with get a high grades in English and apply their school. One surprise instance is lots of universities give an advantage which use English as a first language such as United States Canada and England. Every year the universities are some limit of people who want get in. Such as one of my friends has very good TOEFL score but she fail enter the high class universities. That reason is other people entered the same university use the advantage. Sometimes lived in different countries are more helpful than had a high English grades. Today get a job is very hard in Korea. Some people get a job easily who got a good TOEFL score and a person has individual styles of their mind. Such as those days the individual companies are a general trend so some companies prefer to individual person for the companies. Actually individual person is apriority so be individual person is harder than get a good TOEFL grade. Therefore many people want to get good English score. Now globalization days many companies are connected with other countries. They use English of common language of all countries on earth when they work. Many companies prefer person who have good English skills or who have high TOEFL grade for the companies. Today English is the most common language in the world. When we travel to other countries we can communicate in English apply to the universities more easily. One more thing is good English skills helps people to get a job English is very useful for all the people.
