Have you ever had pressures when you are a student Everyone has the pressures while being a student. There are many factors of those pressures. The pressures of those students depend on each personality or when they are. For me I can separate them into three parts before being a university student being a university student and when go back to school again after working. When I finished grade 6 I had to take an exam for enter a secondary school. At that time there were many pressures come to me. My parents expected me to enter to a good secondary school. However I was not a clever student. So I had to study hard for prepare to take that exam. When I was studying in the secondary school my teachers were very strict. They tried to teach me to be a good student. If I had a bad score on each subject I will be punished. After I graduated high school I had to take another exam for enter the university. I spend three months to prepare myself for that exam. It was the biggest exam in my life and this process will determine my future career. I felt very pressures. Being a university student was very difficult. I could not play around like a child anymore. I had to concentrate on the lessons of each subject because I had to use them for my working life. Another factor is how hard to understand of those lessons. Sometimes I felt discouragingly when I did not understand. Going back to school again after working was another difficulty for me. I had to go back to the first step of being a student again. Especially studying aboard changed my life. I have to adapt my life to be suitable for living in different culture and language. I expect to gain more experience from going back to school. In conclusion the pressures of being a student can happen in the life of every student. There are many ways to decrease them. Parents and teachers are the first group that can give them an advice. Another way is students have to prepare themselves for those pressures. I think they can pass though the pressures if they have a good preparation.
