The Pressures Of Bring a Student Teachers and families are always looking forward to the pressures of bring students and they always try to improve their life and how they care of the students before the students get pressures and problems. Therefore there are many students have many pressures and problems on their life. There are many options what to think about. The three most common pressures and problems students have for their life are the studying on middle school high school and college because their ages for the student are difficult for them and also they start to know about the life so they have many pressures and problems in this years. The pressures and problem are the students have when they are studying in middle school or high school or college are totally difficult on their life so I would like to tell you about what are the big problems and pressures the students have and some reasons about that when they study in middle school high school and college. In middle school the big pressure is the student start to be in teenager so he will have different life because he she starts to know about the life. I would give you some problems. First of all the student feels free and he she always thinks what he she does is true. For example he she likes to late out his house and when his family talks with him about that he she say I'm free. If someone gives him some advises about what he does in his her life he usually hates that. Second of all the student tries to make new friends or relationship with someone. For instance when the student looks for making new friends he she wants someone is older than his age. He she tries to have relationship with any one so he she doesn't care who the preson is. Finally the student doesn't care for his her school so he she doesn't think about future and also he she doesn't have plan. For example the student doesn't like to go school. He she usually doesn't have any plan about what will be major. I think the students study in middle school they have many problems in their life so the family should care for them. In high school the student starts to understand the life so he she tries to get a great life but he she doesn't know how to do that so when you look for him he she is always confused. For example the student is confuse about what will study in college because he she wants to study something but his her mother and father wants to study anther major so he she doesn't know what he she should to do with their family. Some students move their family because they think that is very good for them. Anther example is some student doesn't know what will be major. In addition some students don't know how to organize their life and times. For example some students have relationship with anther person and they don't know how to get an amazing life and how to organize their times so they lose the times for meeting each other and don't care for their studying. I think if family makes the student to be friend so the student will get an amazed life. In college the student has a different life and school so the student should adapt this life. When the student is unto the college the student will have different system for his she school. Instance he she studies with different people in the world and different age. When he she studies out his her city and moves his her family he she will miss his her family and also he she should do all what he she needs himself herself such as clean wash and cook. In addition some students have part times because needs to get some money so he she is busy. I think the student should know about the system for the college before he she study there because if he she does that so he she can adapt his her life and study. In my opinion teachers and families should have relationship with students and also be friendly with them because if they do that they can know about what the pressures of bring a student so they can fine solution for all that pressures and problem. Therefore the student can improve his her life and studied. In the future I think the student doesn't have big pressures and problem. Do you think that
