Everybody must have the pressures to being a student while going to school from elementary school though University. If you have a proffessional job you might think that students seem to be always happy or not to have any problem in daily life. However each steps it is true that students struggle with being students and are often under pressure in every country. Especially in Japan there are different pressures to being students in elementary school junior high school high school. In junior high school in Japan students usually don't have pressure about studying but it is a big problem for them to make friends with classmates and get well with them because bully in class often happens and even teachers can't notice about it. Because other classmates are forced not to tell anybody by a bossy student and they are scared of being the next target by telling it to teachers. So a student who become a target for bully feel lonely in class and stressed out. Other classmates try to behave well to other students in order not to be the next target. It has been a serious social issue because it starts to happen in elementary school and it sometimes lasts until graduation. They are always worried if he is a good friend to other calssmates. They are under unvisible pressure from other classmates. When it comes to junior high school teachers are too strict for students to talk what they think frankly. They are always concerned about how teachers think about them. If you are a modest student and behave in the same way as the school ruels you will get a good grade from your teacher because in Japan being the same as others is very important. So students have a strict school rules which says the hair style and length of skirt and so on. In junior high school they are diciplined to be modest and respsct the older students. It seems as if they are in the military service so it's very important for students to have a good relationship between other older students or teachers. Students are always having pressures from them. In high school they have the presusres to study hard in order to go to good and fameful University in Japan because it's related to a job hunting. They usually have the special exam like SAT in the U. S. A. They can take the exam only once before graduation but as soon as they enter high school they start to think about how much score they can get. If they can get a high score on the exam they can enter the great University and don't worry about a job hunting. But if they didn't it will make their lives in the future differnt. So high school students are always worried about the exam and having pressure of it. As I mentioned in Japan in elementary school junior high school and high school students are having differnt types of pressures and they sometimes comitte suicide because they can't endure it. For each student it's a very hard time so Japanese school teachers and the government are also finding the solution every year but students are still suffering from these problems and having pressures.
