Management time Weekday schedule Budget spending Difficult Problem solving Being a Student Affects It is often said The education road has a lot of thorns before you get the fruit . Being a student is like anything at the beginning that is difficult and need to more efforts to pass or simplify it to achieve the objectives. There are a lot of factors should be considered at the beginning. Also when they are sharing together they will help to success if it is used by the right way. The situation of being a student is as any project need to have a courage to deal a difficult changing in the life like changing in tasks time and budget amount. In fact there isn't any project is a perfect. It should have some trouble and problem it's need to solving. Management time Budget and the ability to solve the appearing problem are some of the crucial factor. First factor should be considered at the begging is management time. When distribute the task on the time schedule that will let the beginning is easily and smoothly. In general there are two kinds of task time. These kinds are permanent and temporary task times. The first one is for a task has fixed time such as prayer time and class time. The other kind is for task is done several times such as an appointment and date. Notice! Should be decided each task under which kind in the begging. Then starting to put them in the time schedule after prioritization and distributing them to groups like family times friend times and school times. Studying is similar as any investment in the life that is need to money. So should be considered that in the begging. Considering more than one finical resource will avoid or decrease any problem in the future that maybe let us losing the goals. Most of genius and smart students couldn't continue them education because they didn't consider that. Spending time on put the budget plan and identifies the finical resource such as scholarship and also proposes alternative resources like a bank loan before starting is very important. Choosing which way is low risk by the time. Appearing difficultly or problem in a studying especially at the begging is possible like anything in the life doesn't perfect. Normally some of those will be occurred with consideration the factors like time management and budget. For example when we put the time schedule maybe some tasks had to be in the same time. Then what are we doing It is main problem for some tasks are couldn't change their times. The right thing at this solution is looking for which one has ability to delay to anther time as the first solution or placing the priority one as the last solution. What about a new task if there isn't empty time schedule Rescheduling the time again maybe is the unique solution. The good advice to avoid that is used a flexible schedule where the useful time schedule is flexible to update any time. For budget factor a good planning and proposing more than one resource at the begging are the keys to avoid or decrease the problems or difficult issues in the future. In the end the education is one of the life projects need more efforts and planning at the begging and maybe it has some difficult issues or risks. Unconsidered the important and main factors in the begging like time management and the budget maybe that will decrease the possibility to avoid the future risks. Also that will come easy where using active plan for the defined and clear goals. A luck maybe happens little times but doesn't always.
