Effective your studying in college life Today it is believed that efficiently spending time leads college student life to better grade. If you are going to be successful you need to manage time well. It is possible that organized time management improves your studying attitude and influences your academic performance. In order to avoid wasting time and avoid regretting your college life time management strategies help your studying active. Especially three time management techniques such as weekly planning recording log and brief time to review make your studying in college life effective. First making to do list that your schedule for week is written tells you what you should every time. For instance if you fix your studying time everyday you should obey this schedule. Even though this time is a little short in everyday you can gain custom to study everyday and you can recognize your studying cycle because it is essential that you study constantly in order to obtain better grade. Another example is about preparing for test or quiz. If you write test or quiz schedule on your to do list you can perceive your circumstance until test or quiz. Then you can prepare for test or quiz according to your plan so you can study constantly for test as a result you deserve better grade. In addition you can avoid studying in haste. If you do not plan to study for test or quiz you are supposed to study at the last day before test and you must say why I did not recognize test day or quiz day. In order not to regret that you did not study a lot to do list makes your studying custom fixed. Secondly writing daily log makes you reflect yourself and find your improvement point. This log is different from ordinary diary and you should write facts which are your conduct time by time in a whole day as record. If test outcome is written in your log you can confirm your disadvantage when you read the long some day. If the test outcome is bad grade you may review the test and you may improve your studying for next test. Moreover the log informs your wasting time. You may be surprised about finding out how much time is wasted through interruptions and hanging out. The log makes you be aware of how your extra time is spent and the log help you revise your weekly schedule. Your studying life style becomes better. Thirdly studying during short break time or moving time makes it easy for you to review classes and to memorize vocabulary. During between class and next class you should spend this time to memorize before class content. This time can reminds you lecture content easily and this time is more effective than after you go back home and study. Moreover you should use flash cards while you are taking bus or public transportation. You can gain vocabulary easily. It is easy for you to bring flash cards outside and to use your boring time. You can put flash cards in your trousers' pocket and you can avoid spacing out during your free time. In conclusion these three techniques are useful for your studying in your college student life. In order to spend your time effectively you should plan what should you do weekly. Recording your daily life makes you recognize your disadvantage and strength you. Utilizing your brief time makes you feel that you do not waste time and you can obtain a lot of acknowledge. Therefore it is insisted that better time management skill leads you to better grade.
