The City of Love Namwon Namwon which is the birthplace of classical Korean literature has some beautiful scenery. Also this city holds some cultural festivals every year examples of which are Chunhyang Festival and Heungbu Festival. Even though Namwon is the best place for sightseeing Foreigners don't visit this city due to lack of information. Namwon which is the best place for tourism in my country has three kinds of tourism which are Mountain Jiri Chunhyang and Heungbu tourism. At first Mountain Jiri which was designated as the first National Park is known as one of the top eight best scenes of Korea. Also it is one of the five most famous mountains in Korea and has outstanding scenes. It would be not an easy to climb Mountain Jiri due to rugged road. Attaining the top of mountain Jiri people might be lost in admiration about the fabulous scenery. They climb to the Mountain Jiri to see its spectacular sights such as Nogo Sea of clouds Jikjeon's colorful leaves and Bulilhyeon waterfalls. At second Chunhyang tourism is related with the beautiful love story of ANON_NAME_0 Mongryoung and Chunhyang. People who can remind their beautiful love story can found this famous couple in many parts of Namwon which are Gwanghallu Garden Orkjeong Pavilion and Chunhyanggwan Hall. Chungyang and Mongryoung made a romantic appointment on the Gwanghallu Garden which is a classic traditional garden. Also the Chunhyang Festival is Namwon's most famous festival focus on love. People can enjoy Chunhyang festival which is important event in Namwon. Finally Heungbu tourism which is related with the classic folk opera drama is Heungbujeon. The village people in the two villages still hold memorial services on every year and Namwon has held the Heungbu Festival. People can enjoy seeing some kinds of events which are held such as Heungbu gourd sawing Heungbu and a loveable Heungbu family relay by Namwon cultural work. In conclusion Namwon is a substantial tourist city though unknowing place to foreigners. Namwon sightseeing serves a double purpose which are experience of new culture and seeing beautiful scenery. If you want to experience beautiful scenery of Korea and cultural performance you should visit Namwon which is the best place for tourism in my country.
