As the world is becoming globalized a lot of students try to study overseas in order to improve knowledge and develop careers. Some people regard that studying overseas is the best way of enhance their career. More people try harder and harder to go to study in abroad. As for me However Being international students is not a easy job to accomplish. It's very hard to make it successful. There are a lot of difficulty in many respects being international students speaking different languages financial problem with tuitions restrict visa rules. Many people have trouble with learning and speaking new language when they go to overseas. In fact before people go to overseas in order to study they spend a lot of time to learn countries' languages which they are hoping to go. Even they spend many hours to study languages. They won't be able to get better as native speakers. Moreover some international students who has much abilities than other native students in their majors they may not be the best because of their language skill is low. When they are having trouble in other emergency situation they may have hard time to solve the problem. Because communicating with native speakers could be difficult. The Language problem will be always placed as a main problem of international student. Paying full tuitions is hard for some international students. As a matter a fact it is true that international students don't pay taxes. That is the reason the tuition is always expensive for every international students. But tuitions for international students is too much to pay. For an example International students in US usually pay 3 times more then other native students. They also usually don't get chance to get scholarships. School tuitions is not the one. International students also have to spend much money for living too. There are a lot of obstacles to be international students in financial term. Difficulty of being international students is that visa has so many rules. International student can't make any mistake when they are in other foreign countries. For instance In US international students can't sometimes get driver's license. It has very strict rules ofr international students. All the school usually have international students policies. But this can sometimes too much to handle for international students. It's good to have international students policies. But being in safe side is very difficult for every international students. In conclusion although being international students is hard job it's worth to try to be international students. Practice new language will give you confidence. Getting through the financial problem will make you stronger. Strict visa rules will defend you. These advantages will provide you better careers and opportunities to get professional job. Once in a life people should take risk by being international students. It is worth to experience. You will get more than you did.
