The Pressures of Being a Student in Taiwan Spoon feeding education in Taiwan that is a teacher crams knowledge into student's throat causes pressures on student. It is real unnecessary and a mistake. In Taiwan most people feel unhappy while they are studying because of over loading tuition have been forcing them lose their innate creativity toward studying. For example I must take more than ten courses each day when I was a student. Furthermore I used to bombard by over dose information such as make up classes and homework in the weekend because we were urged to pass the grand entrance examinations of schools. As a result being a student in Taiwan has to face different pressures in different learning stages and that is the reason why Taiwanese students are losing their innate creativity toward studying or the precious childhood. During the stage before high school pressure of being a student usually comes form parents. Parents in Taiwan always think that my kids are the most smart and talent children in the world and they could be the greatest painter piano player or Tiger Woods if they want. So there are so many talent classes after school when they are six years old. Since my children are the most smart and talent children in the world the parents think that my kids could surely be Einstein and Michelangelo. Thus additional math courses should not be a big problem to my kid. The rest is a history there is no Einstein or Michelangelo in Taiwan. When I was a high school student I needed to face the pressure of passing grand entrance examinations. There are two major entrance examinations in Taiwan. One is for entering senior high school and the other is the entrance examination of university. In this stage we have better stick to our study seriously if not teachers and parents could punish us badly. These punishments could be really physical that is we will be beaten hard when we fail any little quiz in class. At the university stage I can say that it is really an unusual experience to a crammer. The aged pressure accumulated within last decade vanished at the very moment when we eventually pass entrance examination of university. Just like open a bottle of champagne accumulated pressure bursts out like an explosion. Suddenly nobody wants to study in the university. In this strange circumstance we can see that students skip classes casually and held parties in dormitory. It is a happy moment for everyone that is students are surely not willing to study and professors are too tired to control because they need to save their energy for academic research. However students soon realize that they have leaned nothing in university and they refuse to leave school. As a result more and more students intend to stay in university for one more year and try to make up. Unfortunately it is already too late to catch up progress. After graduated from university these people will soon face the huge pressure of finding a job and they are unprepared. In the occupational concept of Chinese people generally being a scholar is always much better than being a farmer worker or business man. In addition Taiwan society uses to abandon students who are not willing to continue education and they are usually took as a hopeless group. Further a better scholastic degree means better job and that is always the first selective priority of Taiwan companies. Therefore Chinese parents have to urge their children to study as much as they can. So we could almost say that pressure of being a student in Taiwan is actually caused by the big surrounding. It is sad little pitiful and not healthy. However we still have hope. If we changed our narrow mind to learn successful models of education from other country we might still have chance to save our next generation.
