There are so many people who whether are collecting some specific objects or already have such experiences as to be easily found around us. Collecting something has been very general to people. So why do people save some objects One thing is obviously that people feel joy and be boastful through watching their own treasure being accumulated. Besides this evident reason three things can be considered in aspect of monetary emotional and medical. One reason people save specific objects is emotional value in it. Some people often invite guests to their home to show how valuable things such as curios or famous pictures they have. They might get satisfaction by showing off their collection to other people not objects themselves. The higher price collected objects are it is natural to more desire to show off them. Unlike those people there might be people who feel satisfactory about behavior itself of collecting some objects. They generally save something from habit rather than interested in it. In this case a sort of collected objects is most likely to be ordinary things such as a cap of bottle. Also there are some people who save old stuffs. Old stuffs often remind people of remembrances in the past. For instance some people often enjoy retrospection by collecting old toys used to play in childhood. Secondly people sometimes save some objects for a monetary reason. People collect various kinds of things some of which become more valuable as time goes by. To take an instance some stamps or coins are issued with the limited numbers every year. In most cases each of them has a special picture or sometimes may have a certain meaning. Over time if they are considered rare things or to have a historical worth they would be traded in a high price. In a case of antiques dealer they can be called a professional just for this monetary reason whereas this value is likely to be an additional reason to most people. Last reason people collect specific objects is medical value. For people who have a poor memory or dementia collecting something can be a good method to help improve memory. The process for collecting specific objects and classifying them can make brain more activated and help preventing dementia as well as treating it. That being so many people who suffer from those desease are recommended to make a hobby of collecting some objects. Among many people some person often collects things which are so unexpected as to make laugh like airsickness bags. The reason that person saves those things which seem ridiculous could be an emotional or a monetary or a medical value. Besides them there could be other reasons. However whatever reasons if we enjoy collecting objects and can get pleasure it seems to do an enough role.
