Most people usually feel pressure when they face strange that you've never experienced. In this situation they feel differentially pressure according to their environment such as what happened or how old they are. Being a student is also one of pressure when someone enters into a new school. In my case I can divide my experiences what I have became a student into three parts when I entered elementary school when I entered at university and I became a student of ELI. When I became a 6 years old I entered at elementary school. It was my first experience that I became an official student. In that time I felt a little scary. Because before I entered at school I spent almost of time with my mom or sisters. Also there were a lot of things what I had never seen since I was born. For example the desk and chair which are in a classroom were different with my own furniture in my room and I had to study with more than 50 classmates in a class. It was terrible for me to study because I wasn't able to concentrate when I was in crowded place. But as time goes on I could be well adjusted. Then when I was 18 years old graduated high school I entered at university. In that time I felt another pressure compared with what I received when I became an elementary school student because I wasn't a child anymore. I had to consider what I should do and how I could pay for tuition fee. Of course my parents supported me to keep studying in university but I didn't want to completely depend on them about financial problems. Also I thank that I was going to get a job when I as soon as graduate university. So I had to keep studying hard to get good grades for a good job. It's one of the biggest pressure that I felt when I became a university student. When I became a senior in university I dropped off my major to study English and came to the U. S. In fact I didn't know that most of company which provide good working environment and high payment required me ability of speaking English. Therefore I came to the U. S. And became an ELI student. In this situation I received some strange pressure that is very different with what I felt in Korea. At first there is a 14 hours difference between Korea and the U. S. So it made me hard to adjust to the life in the U. S. In addition I had a lot of problem about conversation with native speakers because of my poor English skill. Therefore I receive lots of stresses including these factors from the U. S. Life. Even though I always feel pressures whenever I face a strange situation like being a student I've been able to adapt on new situation. In my opinion being adjusted on strange situation depends on how people try quitting from pressure and ether they have open mind or they don't have. Therefore even if you will be a student don't worry too much about it and please take a positive attitude and enjoy your situation. You will be relaxed if you can it!!
