The Pressure of Being a Student At the system of the education around the world an aggravating the void between student and education in general is dangerous to the learning as they say education is your master key to your future and learning leads to success . As we Know life as a student is really challenging being in college or university is a serious thing to do. Therefore You have to know how to control yourself from pressures that you will go through. In my opinion most of the college students suffered from pressures in five areas such as time management expenses student responsibilities health and assignments. First of all most of the college students have difficulties in controlling their time. First they do not know how to manage it carefully. For example some of the student annoyed a lot when they didn't finish their work on time. Students need to arrange their schedules so they can use it and follow it carefully. Sometimes spending their time for chewing and drinking alcohols will waste their time for doing their work. Using a schedules will lead them to the success. Secondly students face many difficulties in school expenses. Most students have pressures on money. They have to buy their school materials and school expenses. For example this semester I spend about 400 to buy my books so what about other material ! It could cost more. Furthermore Some parents can not support their children in school. Most of the students don't have enough income to support their education. Also many students cannot complete their education because they are poor. A student needs to be more understandable so he or she can use their money carefully to complete their education. Thirdly being a student cause me to be more responsible. For example I have to share at the students activities meetings classes and other important things that I have to do. In addition I have to do my homework and be responsible for them and make sure that they are in the right order and to be turn in on time even if I have another responsibilities. All of the previous responsibilities can cause the pressure for the student. Fourthly health is also a big concern when you are a student. To do well in school you need to be healthy but with all the stresses and pressures some students find it difficult to stay in good health. Also the most important thing is that some students can not get health insurance because the insurance is very expensive or the government doesn't support them. These problem for getting insurance act on the student if they have any medical problem and all of these add to the list of a student's concerns. Lastly but not the least being a student is very hard and discouraging because of the assignments. What I mean is that the instructors gave us assignments to do daily without thinking that we need to rest and take time to recharge our minds. Also we have a lot of classes so we have to do all assignments at the same time. In fact the assignments are very useful but if the assignments exceed the normal limit that could be confusing and some time you won't find time to study for test. So these burdens add to the pressures that act on the student. In conclusion if you are a college student you will go through a lot of bad good sad and emotional time. And the student can avoid or decrease the life pressures if he try to be punctual frugal responsible for his works being healthy and helpful with his teacher.
