A lot of adults say that if they can they would come back to students. Since being an adult means to have many responsibilities so generally adults who already graduate schools recall being students is happy. However after closer inspection students also have a lot of stresses. I believe that even though being students is stressful these pressures help them to achieve their dream. In addition the pressures of being students are different when they are high school students university students and graduate students. First of all a high school student suffers from for the college entrance exam. Since the exam take only once a year most high school students who want to admit universities should put their whole energy into preparing the exam. According to a recent report by the Ministry of Education and Human Resources of Korea an average sleeping time of senior high school students is 5 hours a day. Also they reveal that 16 of high school students have experienced impulse of self destruction because of stress for the college entrance exam. Therefore it is evident that a lot of high school students are pressured by the college entrance exam. Furthermore a university student gets stress about finding a suitable job. When students enter universities they think they are free because demanding the college entrance exam are finished. However university students are also pressured because of finding jobs. Today a diploma of college dose not ensure hiring a company. Since the world is becoming global most companies require fluent second language skills. That is why libraries at all universities are filled a lot of students studying TOEIC and a lot of students go to oversea to learn second language. Not mentioned their major filed should have a good grade. Therefore being a university student is also stressful because they should make effort to meet requirement of company. Finally a graduate student is pressed by their thesis. Writing a thesis is hard working and requiring a lot of time. They should read various reference books and invest most their time to do research. For example my best friend whose major is pedagogy got a lot of stresses when she wrote her thesis. She always complained she did not have enough time to take a rest and it was too stressful. Her lab was so severe so she usually pulled an all night to read major books and could not have free time even weekend. Eventually she loose 5kg weight when she finished her thesis so my friends called her lab Diet lab. That is graduate students also stressful because of their thesis. As I mentioned being students is stressful. Especially high school students are pressured by the college entrance exam and university students suffer from finding jobs additionally graduate students are under stress of writing thesis. However do not forget! All this stresses would help them reach their dream. As the popular saying goes heaven helps those who help themselves.
