Everyone is considered to be a student in school life. We are studying since we were young until the death. In this learning journey we should be interpreted by great many pressures while we are studying. For me I suffer from some pressures of being a student which come from studying English language working in my original major and having domestic responsibility. Studying English language is one of the most important goals for me but it causes me some pressures. For example I've been in the United State for a year but I've got a little improving in the English language whereas most of my kids can speak pretty well now. Therefore I'm very concerned about my ability in learning English. Moreover if culture has a brightened side it would have a dark side also. In fact in my class there are many different cultures that I have to be more careful with all to keep good relationships with them. I feel a little nervous when I want to talk or deal with my classmates that I feel that what is acceptable to one may not be acceptable to another. The pressures that are caused by my academic studying are another part of my stress. I have limited time to concentrate in my major because I have a lot of homework from the English institute. On the other hand I have to have English skills in order to cultivate my ability in my major. For example I have to read mush English research to write the thesis. So it gets complicated because I can't consider one instead one. One final thing I feel stress from the lack of contact with my supervisor as well. It's cost me a lot of money to call him by international call. My domestic responsibility is another issue that adds other pressers on me. Did you hear before the son's pressures are moving to the parents That is exactly what happened with me. For instance my kids face kind of pressures of being students in a new country. At the beginning they were crying when they came from school. They had to deal with curriculums and the new language too. I've spent more time to help them with my husband. My life as a student is considered to be one of a serious factor to make me suffer from the pressures. I have a couple of tasks such as studying English language concentrating in my major and taking care of my kids. However Can't we imagine life with out pressures In my opinion some pressures give our life worthiness which is a proof of having accomplishments.
