Student usually has pressures in his life. In addition the student any were can't depend or count on himself if he live with his family. I mean he can depend by himself if he live far from his family such as international students. However Education is your master key to your future goal and learning leads to success. So being a college student is really hard because of the assignments the success and failure and the student responsibilities. In fact there more than pressures of being a student in his life for time college cost and concentration First of all the time in fact the time is very important in our live specialty in student's life. Most of the college students have difficulties in controlling their time. First they do not know how to manage it carefully. They don't know how to use it properly. Some student's complaint a lot when they didn't finished their work on time. Students need to arrange their schedules so they can use it and follow it carefully so work can be done. They need to create a schedule so that they can make use of their time wisely. Sometimes spending their time chewing and drinking alcohols waste their time for doing their work. Students need to try using a schedule first so they can figure out how to use their time wisely. Second one the cost of college that is make a lot of problem to most student in the world. For example Students encounter many difficulties in school expenses. Most students have pressures on money. They had a hard time to manage and use their money wisely. They have hard time buying their school materials and school expenses. Some parents cannot support their children in school. Most of the students have not enough income to support their education. Also many students cannot complete their education because of lack of money. Sometimes a student gets too much to buy and cant buy it all so they just drop the course this make them to be late and need to be continue more. A student needs to be more understandable so he or she can use their money wisely to complete their education. The latest one is most important which is pressure in student's life. For instance a college student has many difficulties in school because of too much distraction. Most students can not concentrate on their studies because of friends distracting and distraction from out of the classroom. Most students can't concentrate on schoolwork because of temptation. Some students get bad grades from friends' distraction and boyfriends or girlfriend distracting them. Some students drop some of their classes so they can have times to meet their friends. In conclusion the student must be depend on himself such as things a student need to take a look at while in school importance in taking care of their money or managing their money so they can used it for the rest of their school years. Learn how to get away from friend that is not helping you to accomplish your school and try to learn ways to manage your schedules so you can be on time everytime you want.
