While going to school from elementary school though University everybody must have the pressures to being a student. As a professional you may think that students seem to be always happy or not to have any problem in daily life. However during each step it is true that students struggle with being students and are often under pressure in every country. Especially in Japan there are different pressures to being a student in elementary school junior high school high school. In elementary school in Japan students are not pressured to study. However it is a big problem for them to make friends with classmates and get along well with them because bullying and ostracism in class often happens. Even teachers don't notice it. Because other classmates are forced not to tell anybody by a bossy student they are scared of being the next target if they tell the teacher. So a student who become a target for bullying feel lonely in class and stressed out. Other classmates also try to behave well to other students in order not to be the next target. It has been a serious social issue because it starts to happen in elementary school and it sometimes lasts until graduation. Students are always worried if they are good friends to other classmates. They are under unvisible pressure from other classmates. When it comes to junior high school there is another socail problem to students. They are more under pressure becuase teachers and older students are too strict for students to talk frankly. They are always concerned about how teachers and older students think about them. In Japan being the same as others is very important. Therefore if you are a quiet student and follow the school ruels you will get a good grade from your teacher. For example the school rule of my junior high school is about the hair style and length of skirt and so on. As for hairstyle if your hair is longer than your shoulders you have to have your hair braided. Teachers always check my clothes and behavior moreover they check if I have a handkerchief to wipe after washing hands at school. They also checked the length of my skirt using a ruler once a month. If I break the rules I have a punishment and get a bad grade in general. In Japanese junior high school students are diciplined not only to be modest in school but also to respect older students. It seems as if they are in the military service so it's very important for students to have a good relationship between other older students and teachers. Therefore students are always under pressure from not only studying hard but also teachers and older students. As for high school there is an individual problem. Because whether what school you enter is related to job hunting so high school students are under the pressure to study hard in order to go to a famous top level University in Japan. They have a special exam like the SAT in the U. S. A. They can take the exam only once before graduation therefore as soon as they enter high school they start to worry how well they can do. If they can get a high score on the exam they can enter a great University and will not have to worry about job hunting. But if they don't it will make their lives in the future differnt. So imagine how students must feel because everything depends on one exam. In Japan elementary school junior high school and high school students have differnt types of pressures and they sometimes commit suicide because they can't endure it. They think that killing themselves is the only measures to escape from the pressure. The number of commit suicide of students has been increasing these days. Therefore Japanese school officials and the government recognize the problem and find the solution every year but students are still suffering from many pressures.
