The Pressures of Being a Student Teachers and families are always looking forward or find to the pressures of being students they always try to improve their life and how they can take care of the students before the students get pressures and problems. Therefore there are many students have many pressures and problems in their life. There are many options what to think about. The three most common pressures and problems students have for their life are the studying in middle school high school and college because their ages for the student are difficult for them and they start knowing about the life so they have many pressures and problems in this years. The pressures and problem are the students have when they are studying in middle school high school or college are totally difficult in their life so I would like to tell you about the big problems and pressures which the students have and some reasons about that when they study in middle school high school and college. In middle school the big pressure is the student being a teenager so h she will have different life because h she starts knowing about the life. I would give you some problems. First the student feels free and h she always thinks what h she does is true. For example h she likes to late out house and when his her parents ask him about that h she say I'm free . If someone gives him some advises about what h she does in his her life h she usually hates that. Second the student tries to make new friends or relationship with someone. For instance when the student tries to make new friends h she wants someone is older than his her age. H she tries to have relationship with any one so h she doesn't take care about who the preson is. Finally the student doesn't care take for his her school classes so h she doesn't think about future and h she also doesn't have planning. For example the student doesn't like to go school. H she usually doesn't have any plan about what will be major. I think the students study in middle school have many problems in their life so the family should take care for them. In high school the student starts to understand the life so h she tries to get a great life but h she doesn't know how to do that so when you look to him h she is always confused. For example the student is confused about what will study in college because h she wants to study something but his her parents' want to study anther major so h she doesn't know what h she should to do with parents'. Some students move their family because they think that is very good for them. Anther example is some students don't know what will be major. In addition some students don't know how to organize their life and times. For example some students have relationship with anther person and they don't know how to get an amazing life and also how to organize their times so they lose the times for meeting each other and don't take care for their study. I think if family makes the student to be friend the student will get an amazed life. In college the student has a different life and school so the student should adapt this life. When the student is unto the college the student will have different system for his she school and classes. Instance h she studies with different people in the world and different ages. When h she studies out his her city and moves his her family h she will miss his her family and also h she should do all what h she needs himself herself such as clean wash and cook. In addition some students have part times because need to get some money so h she is busy. I think the student should know about the system for the college before he she studies there because if h she does to know about it so h she can adapt his her life and study. In my opinion teachers and families should have relationship with students and a be friendly with them because if they do that they can know about what the pressures of being a student so they can fine solution for all that pressures and problem. Therefore the student can improve his her life and study. In the future I think the student won't have big pressures and problem. Do you think so Why Why not
