Choose ingredients turn on stove put the boil prepare the soup start prepare rissotto put the rice with soup mix put more soup cook the mushrooms mix chicken mushrooms and wine prepare the salad put food in plates serve the food serve the salad serve the red wine HOW TO PREPARE A CHICKEN AND MUSHROOMS RISSOTTO When you think about how can you prepare a wonderful Rissotto you need to think about your best experiences in your life and these things assure you that this time the food it will indescriptible. First at all you need to go to the supermarket at Strip Distrit and buy the ingridients for example you buy the special rice to prepare rissotto chicken mushrooms white and red wine tomatoes onions pepper basil oregano salt and a lot of love I know this is very difficult to buy this is why you need to thinks in your best experience because the most important ingredient when you prepare any food is your love. Second you use a boil where you put inside the chicken with a few cups of water and mix with the tomatoes onion basil pepper oregano and salt and prepare the soup. When the chicken is ready you throw out the chicken and retire their bones. At this point you finish the fifty percent of the rissotto because the taste of the rissoto is the taste of the soup. Then you use other boil preferibly round and deep boil something like the boil that you use to prepare Thai food you put inside of this boil the special rice to prepare rissotto and mix with the soup. Start with two cups of rice and 4 cups of soup and mix the hot evaporate the soup and you need continously mix with more soup. Finally when you think that the rice its almost ready you need to mix the last 2 cups of soup and chicken and white wine only one cup of the wine and the mushrooms. Previusly to mix the mushrooms you need to cook it put your mushrooms in other boil with butter or oil pepper and a little cup of wine. When the rissoto is ready only serve with a somekind of salad y enjoy your perfect dinner. If you see you only need love time and very good sense of humor to prepare an excellent rissotto.
