1. Limiting budget of tuition 2. Getting along with teachers and classmates 3. Achieving their self discipline 4. Conclusion solutions As knowledge is exploding more and more people are educated but the more desire they pursue the more pressure they might have. They are able to pursue high salary jobs and can afford to have a higher quality of their standards of living. Before they have an ability to compete with associates they might need to work hard on their education. Student live is similar to a small society therefore pressure exists not only for wage earners but also for students. Pressure comes from a limited budget for education getting along with teachers and classmates and achieving their self discipline. A limited budget is an obstacle for students and also brings pressure to students. For instance some students they really want to study but their parents do not have enough money to pay their education. Therefore they might think about earning money by themselves. If they have some part time jobs they might not have enough time to devote to study. On the other hand if students do not have enough money to pay for their tuition we can guess there are some problems in their family. For instance their parents are divorce they have a single parent family or they are foundlings. In this kind of situation how can students focus on schooling Money makes students have more stress. Having dreadful relationships with teachers or classmates is another kind of pressure to students. First of all if students do not like their teachers they might not want to pay attention to instruction or take classes because they do not want to face their odious teachers. On the other hand if students cannot get along with their classmates they might not want to go to school either. Hence these students might not have the society of classmates. To demonstrate they do not have good friends to do team work or to discuss questions. Even they might be pushed out from others. Going to school becomes a kind of pressure to them. Making a goal is supposed to be positive for students but they always care too much about their performance. That causes stress to them. To illustrate some students want to be the top in their classes. In order to achieve this target they make a tough goal for themselves. They always dissatisfy their performance even though they do the best at all times. For example they want one hundred percent correct and they cannot accept any mistake. In this kind of self discipline some students cannot bear pressure and even commit suicide. Pressure in students might not be less than wage earners. How can we slove those problems Before having a baby considering your bank balance is a method to avoid a straitened circumstance. Similarly banks can make a program for student loans. The loan is at the lowest interest if for paying the education. Secondly school let students choose their own classes and evaluate all of their teachers. Schools take grades on instructors seriously and improve from the grading results. The last but not the least teachers and parents should educate children to have a positive value of their grades and teach them to face frustrations. For instance even though one hundred points is charming ninety nine points is not your fault. This grade still means you are perfect. Grades are just numbers. The most important thing is how much knowledge they learned from studying and how many skills they already used. Furthermore when students feel sheer frustrations teachers and parents should use positive attitude to encourage them and teach them an optimistic thinking.
