Topic The pressures of being a student Main points a. Students themselves b. Their parents c. Their teachers A job with a high salary is the expectation for everyone but not everyone can achieve it. It depends on many factors especially education. Nowadays most companies have requirement about the degree and the GPA for applicants. Someone who doesn't have any experience can get a high salary because he graduated from a high ranking graduate school and had a great GPA. Because of this reason it affects the students in many ways particularly the mental health. The expectations from anyone who surrounds the students and the students themselves can make them feel pressured. The students their parents and their teachers are the important key that make the students be anxious about being a student. The students make their own pressures sometimes. One cause is the test score. They usually hope to get a very good score although they can't do it well. Not everyone can do every subject well because the students may take some courses that they don't like but it's in the curriculum for example the freshmen of historical major have to study basic mathematics. Another cause is their age most of them are teenagers. The teenagers always spend a lot of time with their friends so it makes them pay less attention for studying that can influence their tests and feel stressed later. One more cause is comparison between them and their friends. Some students are jealous when they see their friends get better scores or praise from teachers and compare themselves. Other influential people who make the students feel stressed are their parents. First of all many parents have high expectations for their children and force them to study hard for instance in Thailand some parents make their children study extra time. Most students in Bangkok the capital of Thailand study after school and study 8. 00Am 5. 00Pm on the weekend. Furthermore they want their children to study in the way that they want even though their children don't like it or can't do it well specifically in Thailand many people think that doctor is the respected career. Some parents make their kids to apply to the medical school although they don't like it or don't have enough potential to succeed at it. Moreover they think that they pay a lot of money for supporting their children so the children should do it well. Some of them usually remind their children about the money that they pay how difficult it was to get it and pressure their children to do their best. Another cause of pressures in students is the teachers. One reason is a heavy load of work. A lot of assignments or reports from them in a short time always make students be nervous. The students have to finish it on time for a good score or a good grade. Another reason is giving very difficult assignments to the students. Some teachers order the students to do the project that they don't have any knowledge about. They only think that students can learn by themselves even though it is very complicated. The most important reason is the performance of the teachers. Some teachers don't have enough ability for explanation. This makes students be confused about the subject and don't understand the subject well. The pressures which impact the studying might come from different people including the student's own pressures. The way for reducing their own pressure is relaxing appreciating their ability and doing their best. For parents understanding their children's skill and feeling is the best way to solve it. Last the teacher should realize the student's ability. In short if everyone can do like this the pressure in students will be decreased and the happiness of being a student will become in their life soon.
