Ideas Money to study Leave their families High scores THE PRESSURES OF BEING A STUDENT In developed countries being a student can produce a lot of different feelings and worries because you need to deal with some kind of problems. In the last study published in the Medical Student Journal in 2006 they found a few common difficulties that every student feels in order to achieve their goals. The most common problems that they found were Money problems 45 leave their families 42 and obtain high scores 40 . Other but not less important things were move to another place 22 and anxiety about the new life 18 . Why is it so hard for students to deal with these kinds of problems One of the most important item in this survey was how can you decide to study at one of the best universities in the country if you don't have enough money . Lots of very intelligent students can't study at Harvard University for example because of the high cost of this university the cost of books and materials the student's fraternities and other elements that they can't pay. That issue produces in the student a lot of stress because their dreams and their projections can be frustrated and probably they prefer not to study and continue their life at other kinds of jobs like mailman building manager or something like that where they don't need a high level of education. Finally if they obtain the resources to study in this university their life can be very hard because they need to find a job to try to earn enough money to pay the other bills like food clothes car or insurances. The second reason and not least important is about the student's feelings when they need to leave their families. Most of them suffer a lot of sadness and depression to move to another city and lost their parents their homes and their comfort. It's very difficult to find answers for how you can deal with those problems and some of them need psychological help to learn how they can adapt to this new life or how they can avoid that these feelings affect their academic performance. Other students prefer to return to their parents homes and try to changes their careers and return to their past life. The last important issue is about the pressure that the students feel about the necessity to obtain high scores. Some students adopt the easy way. They prefer to cheat on tests because they don't want to spend a lot of time studying or because they don't trust enough in their knowledge or in their capacities. On the other hand a lot of students spend hours and days to try to learn more and more because it is the only way to obtain magnificent scores and find a wonderful job when they finish their classes but this mean that they lost a grand part of their lives because they don't have enough time to share with their families and friends their new life and experiences. In conclusion we need to do some changes to avoid these problems like create more funds to help students to solve their economic restrictions create more universities to prevent these students' to move to other cities and fortify the family structure. I know this is very difficult to understand and try to change but if someone thinks to reduce the student stress fortify family union and find splendid jobs for excellent students probably the student's life can be improved.
