Management time Weekday schedule Budget spending Difficult Problem Being a Student Affects It is often said The education's road has a lot of thorns before you get the fruit . Being a student is like anything at the beginning that is difficult and needs more efforts to pass or simplify it to achieve the objectives. There are a lot of factors that should be considered at the beginning. Also when these elements work together they will aid to achieve if in the right way. The situation of being a student as any project needs to have courage to deal with a difficult change in the life like changing tasks time and budget amount. In fact there isn't any project that is perfect. It should have some trouble and problem that needs to be solved. Management time budget and the ability to solve the appearing problem are some of the crucial factors. The first factor that should be considered at the beginning is time management. In general there are two kinds of task times permanent and temporary task times. The first one is for a task that has fixed time such as prayer time and class time. The other kind is for a task which is done several times such as an appointment and date. Carefully distributing for tasks on the time schedule after prioritization and distributing them to groups like family times friend times and school times will let the beginning go easily and smoothly. Studying is similar to any investment in the life that needs budget. So that should be considered that in the beginning. Considering more than one financial resource will avoid or decrease any problem in the future that may lead to losing the goals. Most of genius and smart student couldn't continue their education because they didn't consider that. Spending time on the budget plan and identifying the financial resource such as scholarship and also proposing alternative resources like a bank loan before starting is very important. That is very important to across the being a student situation with out any budget trouble. Appearing difficultly or problem in a studying especially at the beginning is possible. Normally some of those will occur with consideration of the factors like time management and budget. For example some tasks maybe had to be in the same time. Then what are we doing The main is that we couldn't change their times. The right solution is looking for which one has possibility to change its time as the first solution or placing the priority one as the last solution. Using a flexible schedule will avoid rescheduling again when there is a new task and no empty time schedule. The useful time schedule is that is a flexible to update any time. A clear and complete planning and proposing more than one resource are the keys to avoid or decrease the problems or difficult issues in the future. In the end the education is one of the life projects has a difficulty at the beginning that needs more efforts and planning. Not considering the important and main factors in the beginning like time management and the budget maybe will decrease the possibility to avoid the future risks. Also that will come easy where using active plan for the defined and clear goals.
