It is very important for college students to manage time because they are busy with studying activities and maybe part time jobs. They have limited time for their college life and they should use time effectively without wasting it. Then how can they manage time There are four points that they should keep in their mind to manage time. First they should keep regular hours. Every day they have to get up early and go to school. After they come back they have to study hard to prepare for next classes until late at night. We do not condemn them for getting relaxed on weekends. It would be rather helpful for them to have a rest in order to prepare for the coming hard days. However it is not recommended to get up late when they have no school. If they get up at a certain time every day they should keep it even on weekends. They should not disrupt their daily rhythm because they will need extra time and effort to get back to normal pattern. Second when they have a concrete goal they should pick up what they need to do to achieve it and make a schedule. One of the good points of making a schedule is that they can calculate how long they need to achieve the goal so that they can work hard for some time and can have time to relax for other time. If they can have time to relax they will feel refreshed and be motivated to study hard. Another good point for making a schedule is that if they have one they know what they should do each day and they can start action promptly without wasting time. If they don't have a schedule they need time to think what to do before starting the next action. They may think that is only a short time loss but it accumulates little by little and they will find that they have wasted fair amount of time. Third when they feel tired or sleepy they should have a break for a while. Just sitting at a desk is a waste of time. When I was a college student I had final examinations twice a year. Before the examinations I spent a lot of time at a desk. As the examination period lasted for one to two weeks I had to sit to study for a long time every day. I gradually got tired and sometimes I was not aware of dozing off. When I awoke I just found that I had not finished studying and could not relieve my fatigue. If they have a break they feel refreshed and can concentrate on studying. Just sitting at a desk when you are tired does not do you any good. It is totally a waste of time. Finally college students should limit the time for video and computer games. Recently games are so sophisticated that not only children but also adults can enjoy them. They are made so elaborately and they give a little difficult hurdles to game players. The hurdles are not easy but if you play several times you can achieve the techniques to clear them. That is why so many people are addicted to games. Once you start them it is very hard to stop them and you find that time passes so quickly. I myself sometimes cannot stop playing. After the game I always feel regret over it. Even if I spend a lot of time for playing games I have nothing to gain except the techniques to clear the hurdles in the games. It leaves me with a sense of futility. If college students limit the time for games they can enjoy them for a certain time and do something else for the rest of time like reading and preparing for the next class. Whether they use it effectively or not all the students are given the same amount of time for their college life. If they can manage time and use it effectively they can make their college life fruitful.
