3 Support points Stop my own job omoreover he and his family have to be adapted to the new country. If he considered about the cost of opportunity the cost of studying would be more expensive. The longer the period of studying the heavier he feels the burden. Even if he made a decision to study again he may face 2 major relationships to handle. First his family especially his wife may have a different opinion or disagree to his decision. Persuading his family or discussing with family would be the most important step to be done. If there were a person who rejected the idea living abroad and he ignored the disagreement it might be an irrevocable problem during studying period and the family may not be happy. In addition there's the relationship between colleagues. Because he had a different experience and had stayed away from the school for a long time he may not be good at studying again at first and may need more time to adjust to his life in the school. A good friend could help his studying or consult with him in that hard time. And it is very important to him. As the study is finishing he should make sure about his future whether he would continue to study or search for a better job. It may be more stressful than other difficulties because his future depends on this decision. If he decided to study more he should consider the hard conditions again. If he decided to catch up his career he should find a better job than before. It may sound simple but his pressure would be too heavy because he had lost some time in studying and he may not be sure about the condition of the job market and economic status at that time. People may think that studying is good and if you are a student your stress is only studying hard . However there are many returned students like him and they are depressed by the money imposed a burden relationship with family and friends and an uncertain future. Like these they would have different difficulties in their studying and the stresses are more serious. Therefore the pressure of being a returned student is heavier than ordinary student.
