Outline Topic The pressure of being a student 1. Society 2. Parents 3. Teachers Many students feel pressure from their surroundings. Some commentators point out that Moderate pressure has good influence on students . Also the elder people often say the pressure of being a student is not serious compared with that of working in the society. But for some students it is so serious that they might quit school. In my case I felt some kinds of pressure when I was a student. It was too serious for me and I was absent from school for more than one month because I had a stomachache in every morning. The pressure students feel is different individually. The major pressure many students feel is primarily from other people such as parents teachers or friends. First of all the most significant pressure of being a student is that which they feel from their parents. Their parents sometimes tell them to study hard. If the students can get a high score on the exams their parents are glad and proud of their children. If they fail in the exams their parents cannot accept this from their children and tell them to study harder. Therefore they cannot show the disappointing results of the exams to their parents and they feel that the only way to satisfy their parents is to get a high score on the exams. They are gradually driven to study hard not for themselves but for their parents and they won't study unless their parents tell them to study. Second the pressure from teachers is sometimes serious for some students as well. Some teachers insist the most important thing for the students is to study hard get a high score on the exams and have a respectable job. They also suggest that the harder students study now the happier they will be in the future. In some schools which are famous for their high ratio of successful application for university teachers reveal the score of all students in public. This causes students to feel nervous. These schools make students to study for having a great reputation of the school. The teachers at that school easily give up on their students once they realize the students cannot succeed in the exam and they are useless for their school. After that the students feel uneasy about their futures. Next the students often also feel the pressure from society. The society that drives students to have a spirit of competition makes students think they have to prevail against their friends if they will have success in the future. That's why they try to compare themselves with their friends and they feel superior or inferior to their friends every time they receive their results of the examinations. When the students regard their friends as only their rivals it is difficult to maintain a lasting relationship with friends. In brief many students feel the pressure of being a student and it sometimes has a serious effect on them. Some people say that students have recently come to feel pressure more easily than a few years ago. However in fact the environment surrounding them has become more complicated. For example in Japan the business has recently become in a slump and even well known companies are forced to fire the employees. If students hope to work for these companies they have to graduate from a famous university. Therefore their parents and teachers try to make children study hard and enter the famous universities. In other words the children have more chances to be exposed to pressure because of the change of environment. I predict the pressure of being a student will increase in the future because many companies have recently tended to set a great importance on the educational background of students. Actually I have no great idea about the solution of this problem because I think it is the cause of stagnation of business. To release them from the pressure the environment around them has to be changed. At least it is necessary for their parents and teachers to try not to have too great expectations for the students.
