The Benefit of Time Management When I was young I didn't have any time management concept. I always spent lots of time just to do one simple thing. I still can remember that I always told my teacher that I couldn't join school activities and finish homework in one day. But when I've grown up I realized that the major problem I had during that time is I didn't know how to manage my time. As far as I am concerned time management is really useful and helpful for college students. Using time management has so many admitted advantages that are saving time giving people a good impression and helping people focus on the target. The main benefit of using time management is saving time. My personal experience is a case in point here. I went to DMV and took my road test yesterday. Since I knew that many students wanted to take the road test during summer vacation so most possible I have to wait a long time in order to make maximum usage for the long waiting time I intended to prepare my first draft of the essay there. In fact I did wait for more than one hour before I took the road test. During that period I almost finished the draft. Therefore when I went back to home I just spent 20 minutes to polish my essay. According to my previous experience if I write an entire essay at home I always need more than 2 hours to finish it. As it were I saved at least 1 hour with using the waiting time in DMV. In one word if you used time management saving time would became really easy. You just need to think about your schedule in advance and find the spare time such as the time of waiting for bus and plan to do some short term thing at that time. Then you can use those blocks of time to finish those short term activities. For example suppose that every weekday you have a half hour time block for waiting something you can learn 10 new vocabulary during that time. In this way you could learn about 50 new words every week easily! If you make this a habit you can learn almost 2500 new words without spending any additional time on vocabulary. This is an obvious benefit of time management. As a college student time management could give you a bonus effect which is makes you look intelligent. You must have the similar experiences such as one of your classmates has so many activities he participates in lots of sports he works as a volunteer in a social community and at the same time he still can get good scores on his study. You must think that he must be talented but in fact he just learns time management well. The time is well distributed on different activities. If you master this skill you can accomplish it too and maybe even better. Beside the advantage of time management that I discussed above another important reason to learn time management is that it can help people to focus on their real target. Everyone has many different things to do everyday. How to distribute time to different activities People always make a similar mistake that they do many things but forget the most important one. If you manage your time wisely you won't make this mistake. Every activity can be split into these two types urgent and important. You can rank your activities in your job lists based on them and classify them into these 4 different groups Urgent and Important Urgent but not important Important but not urgent not urgent and not important. After that you can put them into an urgency importance matrix. According to the different field of this matrix you should ignore the non urgent and unimportant tasks and make a short term action plans for handling the urgent but not important task develop a long term action plan for the non urgent but important tasks and take immediate action for the urgent and important tasks. Using this you will arrange your time wisely and always focus your best time on the most important target. Benjamin Franklin said Do you love life Then do not squander time for that's the stuff life is made of. Nowadays people are becoming busy and having more different things to do. Perhaps the skill a college student must master which is more important than anything else is time management. It could be the best preparation for career and life.
