There are so many people who either are collecting some specific objects or already have such an experience as to be easily found around us. So why do people save some objects There could be several reasons for that. The three reasons the monetary the emotional and the medical value of them stand out. One reason people save specific objects is the emotional value. Most people feel joy collecting objects and are proud watching their own treasure being accumulated. However there could be some people who often invite guests to their home to show the valuable things such as curios or famous pictures they have. They might get satisfaction by showing off their collection to other people not the objects themselves. The higher the price collected objects are the more natural it is to want to show off them. Unlike those people there might be people who feel satisfied with the behavior itself of collecting some objects. They generally save something from habit rather than being interested in it. In this case a sort of collected objects is most likely to be ordinary things such as bottle caps. They might seek comfort or want to feel secure in the behavior of collecting. Also there are some people who save old stuff. Old stuff often reminds people of remembrances in the past. For instance some people often enjoy collecting old toys used to play in childhood. Secondly people sometimes save some objects for the monetary reason. People collect various kinds of things some of which become more valuable as time goes by. For instance some stamps or coins are issued with the limited numbers every year. In most cases each of them has a special picture or sometimes may have a certain meaning. Over time if they are considered rare things or to have a historical worth they can be traded in a high price. In fact in the case of an antiques dealer they can be called a professional just for this monetary reason. However this value is likely to be a secondary reason to most people. The last reason people collect specific objects is the medical value. For people who have a poor memory or dementia collecting something can be a good method to help improve memory. The process for collecting specific objects and classifying them can make the brain more active and help to prevent dementia as well as treat it. That being so many people who suffer from those things are recommended to make a hobby of collecting some objects. The reasons people save some specific objects can be following things the emotional the monetary and the medical value. Besides them there could be other reasons. However whatever reasons if we enjoy collecting objects and can get pleasure it seems to be enough.
