Time management is similar to a voyage across the sea where there is no visible road. As if when a ship goes to the destination across the sea you spend certain time to navigate a college life and to gain a goal. To reach the destination most of all the management ability of the captain who conducts over the voyage is crucial. Likewise you are a captain of your voyage for successful college life. You have to make decision where you should go what you should do and how you spend your time to reach a goal. You can handle your own voyage the college life. Therefore you have to know how to control your time because you have limited time to use like the sea which has no visible road. If you spend too much time to meet friends not to study you will fail to get good grades. In other hands if you spend your time strategically you will reach your goal easily. There are three strategies for successful time management to guide you to successful college life. First of all you have to make priority notes every week to manage your time. It makes you see your priority obviously. As a famous story tells priorities if you want to fill the jar with a many size of stones you have to put big one first then put small one. Unless you put big one first you can't put the big one ultimately because of small ones. Likewise to get good grades on mid term test you can adjust your outside activity or reduce the time to watch TV and prolong the time to prepare the mid term test. Moreover update priority note every week because most students have particular tasks according to every week. Therefore priorities can change depending on tasks of the week. For example during the first week of your semester you have to register for your classes and cope with a class and new teacher. You have mid term test period for 1 2 weeks and final test period for 1 2 weeks as well. Therefore to make priority notes every week makes you more organized. A second way to manage your time is to make your to do list before you work in the morning. It makes you more comfortable and relaxed to confirm homework and appointments by making to do list. When you make your to do list you need to prepare your own place in which nobody bothers you. Making the to do list doesn't take too much time. But if someone bothers it you can't pay attention your job so you spend additional energy to do it. Furthermore the morning is the best time to start to check what you should do. If you get up earlier you can have a great time to enjoy your life better. After sleep you might be full of new energy and passion to start a day. This little effort in the morning can change your everyday life more active and confident. Finally it is necessary to reflect on your day before turning in at night. When you reflect on your day you can think about your goal and the way it goes. After reflecting on your day you can't feel only a sense of accomplishment but also measure out how much time you take to do something. For example if you measure shopping time from starting in front of your door to arriving at home you'll know the average of your shopping time. And you'll also notice that the time to shop influences another thing such as preparing final exam. Therefore you can rearrange your schedule to reduce time to shop and to make additional time to study. In addition through reflecting on your day you can find wasted time such as boring time in a bus short breaks after lunch. You can use it strategically. For instance you can preview lectures in a bus instead of wasting time. In the company they always discuss about what they have accomplished and what tasks are progressing now. You are CEO of your own life. You can make a decision to achieve your goal. You can throw away less important things such as browsing internet with no specific purpose. In short you have to make priority notes every week and make to do list before you work in the morning and reflect on your day before turning in at night. Following those ways your life will be well organized and you can see where your ship is going. Moreover when you arrive at your destination of your college life finally you'll know successful time management can make differences from life without managing time.
