It is undoubtedly true that the automobile is the greatest invention that has even been made. Owning a car provides many benefits in the life of people. There are many reasons to agree with this statement three of which I will explain in the following paragraphs. In the first place the automobile definitely made life faster. Imagine your child is suffering from a fever bout in the middle of the night. Would you call a friend in the dead of the night or would you try to find a taxi What if you were living in a place where no taxies were available In this case rushing your sick child to the nearest hospital in your car would provide the quickest solution. Also tanks to private car you can finish all tasks at the right time. If you want to finish a lot of tasks and want to go different places in the daytime you should have a car. Another reason to own a car is being able to travel long distances by car is a real convenience. First having a car means you are not confined to a particular timetable as seen in the case of public transport such as buses trains etc. Generally public transportations use a particular timetable which is very strict. If you travel by private car you can decide to set off time freely and you can arrive early. Also don't have to wait these vehicles very long time and you can save your valuable time. Second you can enjoy private car comfort and the comfort you enjoy in the car cannot be compared with any other means of transport. Actually public transportations are generally very boring and stuffy. Who would like to travel in stuffed stinky and noisy buses Last but not least having a car surely cuts the extra expenses that a family spends on transport. What I would like to emphasize here is that travelling the some distances by car many cost much lower than travelling bus or train. For example if you travel a caravan you can stay in this car with your family and you don't have to pay hotel price which is generally very expensive. Generally the price of roadside hotel most of them built on the tourist road is very expensive and the quality hotels are not suitable for family. Besides you can prepare your food in the caravan. If you prepare your meal in the caravan your extra expenses will be reduced. All the reasons I have mentioned above clearly supports the idea that owning a car facilitates the life of people and provides many benefits. In addition to private car is useful comfortable and economical. In my opinion all of them are very important and indisputable. For that reasons I advise all people to buy a car.
