Out line Main theme pressure of being students Supporting paragraph 1. Social expectation ex. Pittsburgh students 2. Economic problem ex. 3 Variation 3. Familial problem ex. 2 Variation To study to solve the problems and making one's life better is a special various problems. So in many countries society gives a lot of chances and facility to the student. Instead of these student has some pressure of being a student. They have responsibility to meet social expectations cope with personal economic problems and in some cases be concerned about familial problems. The society expects that all students will contribute to the society someday. In Pittsburgh all Pittsburgh and CMU students can use the bus for free with their university I. D. And at various public amusements such as museums concert halls etc. They can use them for student discounts. Strictly speaking these facilities are covered with our tax. So students have a responsibility to attend the lectures to take a good grades to pass the tests and finally to graduate from the school. In this way students have a pressure to continue being excellent students. To study at school requires much cost to the students. Except some cases most students have to manage their own economic problem. In usual cases students don't have a job and need someone's help. Students who owe their cost from their parents have to feel pressure to their parents and students who receive scholarship must feel it from their sponsor. For example some nursing school students in Japan who receive money from a certain medical foundation must graduate school and work at the hospital related the foundation for few years. It goes without saying that the students who manage the cost by themselves by taking part time jobs feel greater stress because they always have to worry about both their grades and wallets. Students are burdened with more or less economic problem. In some cases familial problem also loads pressure on the students. Parents usually expect their child to graduate with excellent grade and take a chance to get a satisfactory job. But in some exceeded cases the parents' expectation is so large that their child feels it as heavy pressure. On the other hand the students who have their own familywife or husband and childrenhave to manage various problems such as household budget children's education etc. It may also be pressure to them. Thus according to the each circumstance familial problem can also be pressure to the students. Generally students seem not to have any social responsibility. Elder people who are tired from their job tend to say If I could go back to my school days every day might be easy days. They must forget their effort in their school days. Students always feel some pressure accordingly.
