Some benefits of doing exercise on circulatory system respiratory system and stress Exercise is the gateway to health. Many strategies have been used to improve the health. For example meditation massage diet and other strategies . However doing exercises remain the optimal way for many people to achieve good health and to keep healthy for along period of time. Part of this achievement happens because sticking to a routine exercise program can improve the circulatory system the respiratory system and also relieve stress. First exercise can improve the circulatory system which composed of heart and blood vessels. During exercise the heart is responsible to nourish the skeletal muscles such as leg muscles and arm muscles with nutrition and oxygenated blood and in order to do this the heart supposed to pump faster while the blood vessels supposed to dilate to give more room for blood to translate. If this physical activity is repeated in a regular bases then the heart muscle will be bigger and stronger at the same time the blood vessels will be wider facilitate the injection of the blood thus why athletes' blood pressure is lower because their strong hearts can easily and smoothly pump blood in their wider blood vessels with less resistance. Second exercise can improve respiratory system which composed of lung mainly and respiratory muscles which assist breathing such as diaphragm muscle. With exercise the body muscles demand more oxygen and the respiratory system and its muscles will work harder to compensate for the demand of oxygen. This will improve the power of the respiratory system muscles as well as the capability of respiratory system to compensate in activities. Thus athletes' chests are wider than normal people because their lungs are trained to work on its maximum capacity to exchange gases. Third exercise can be an extremely effective stress reliever for several reasons. For example exercise can increase the secretion of the feeling good hormones like Endorphins. Also it can take off the mind of the problem situations and places like work and making the person think of pleasant or less stressful places like gymnasium. Finally exercise and physical activities usually involve other people which can add fun time with friends. In conclusion if you hope to have healthy body healthy circulatory system healthy respiratory system and less stressed mind then doing regular exercise should be taken in consideration.
