College students are usually very busy during their semester and don't have much time to do their homework or important things. Then they often forget important things such as homework or quizzes and get busy to do or prepare them in a very moment and can't do them well. Sometimes they are spending time without thinking then realize that there was something they should do. It is not just college student's problem but everyone's. Therefore we all should manage our time efficiently and do our things right and I'm going to talk about three steps we can follow to plan our days and explain why each steps are important and efficient. First step to manage time is making a list. Sometimes there are so many things going on your classes and you may easily forget a certain thing. Even though you have good memory you can't memorize everything. And that is the one thing good about making a list. The other good thing about making a list is that you can aware of everything you should do by scanning it. Of course without a list you can think of many things in your mind but sometimes it can be wrong and takes long time compared to scanning a list. To make a list right you have to carry a small note or schedule book and take notes on it to make sure you didn't miss anything you should do then categorize every detail from your note or schedule book. For example I'm a student of ELI and I'm taking 5 classes. Each class has different homework or dates of quizzes so I made a sheet in order to write down homework and quizzes on it and it is divided into 5 parts because I have 5 classes. Once I make the sheet I can use it to make a list. Thus it didn't take long time to start doing homework or preparing quizzes because I knew I wouldn't miss anything and how many things I should do by scanning the list. Second step to manage time is prioritizing from the list. If you don't have orders or priorities you can't decide which one is the most important thing to do. So first thing to do is prioritizing in your way and you can decide according to due dates and importance. In my case I used to do the most important thing first and sometimes it took too long time to finish so I completely forgot other things. One day I was so angry with myself because I forgot many things. So I did one thing and left it unfinished then did the other thing and I think it made me do poor job. Now I decide everything which I should do in a day and do easy and not important things with priorities then I do the most important thing last. In this way I can have more time to concentrate on the important thing because other things don't bother me. Final step to manage time is planning a day. Sometimes students are too busy to plan many things they should do. So they often forget things and lose control of time they have. Unless they have plan in a day they can not use time efficiently. In addition they can realize they have much time to do many things. To plan time you can divide a day into many parts in my opinion 3 parts are efficient to plan a day because we all have time to eat daily meal. Then you can put usual things into 3 parts such as jogging having a QT or taking a bus. Finally you can decide which thing in your prioritized list you made before should go in 3 parts. In my case I sometimes get up late and run to the school of ELI. When I was late I was easily frustrated because I didn't have time to prepare classes and textbooks. But once I made a sheet which has 3 parts like I mentioned before and wrote down usual things I could look at it and think about my daily plan quickly so I could start my class with prepared mind. There are many ways to manage time but I think these three steps are crucial. First you should make your own list and prioritize things from the list. Then you can make a daily plan according to your usual things and prioritized things. In this way you wouldn't miss anything you can concentrate on the most important thing and you can prepare your day more easily.
