In the busy modern society almost all the people struggle with their time now and then. How about you Do you have any difficulty in managing your time Do you often feel frustrated because of the time that you have wasted Are you sometimes embarrassed because of the appointments that you have missed If so it is the right time for you to sit and think about how you manage your time. We all are given the same amount of time 24 hours a day. Time is like a weapon for a soldier in the battlefield. We as warriors can gain as many battles as possible with our weapon time. All of us want to be a winner not a loser in the battlefield of time management so we need some strategies to win the battle. Here I want to give you a few useful tips. These tips are four steps that will guide you to your goal. If you follow these four kinds of Time steps you will be able to reach and open the gate for your goal a successful time manager. The first step of the four that you have to make is to find out Dead time in your daily life. Have you ever been aware of how you use your time If you have not you can't imagine how much time you waste as dead time. Keeping records of a whole day or week days will lead you to find the missing time. Here is my personal experience. When I was a freshman in university I was advised to make a list of my records of a single day n For example you can bring a set of new terminology about your major or a list of formulae for mathematics and physics. If you are able to have a habit of utilizing these small times once dead you will get benefit which is beyond your expectation. Don't let any small speck of time sneak away from your life like sand from your hand. Finding and using your dead time however is not sufficient. The next step you need is to discover your own Best time in your twenty four hours a day. Everyone has high and low periods of attention and concentration during a day. Just ask this following question to yourself. Are you a morning person or a night person If you are a morning person your best time is in the morning. If a night person you are in your best condition with darkness. Arrange important things according to your own rhythm of type. Follow your own flow. You don't need to try to be a morning person or a night person if you are not. It often ends as a waste of time. I know one night person who wanted to be a morning person. He tried to get up early in the morning for several days. As a result he was too sleepy in the morning time to do his study well. After this experiment for some days he returned to his own way of life. As you see from this story your own best time is different from that of any one else. Try to find your best time. After finding it make the most use of it for study and difficult tasks. When you are fresh and in your top condition you can process information more quickly concentrate on the subjects more easily and finish jobs in shorter time. Just use your best time for the best things and use other time for routines such as laundry and so on. When you are using your best time for best things you are using your time more effectively which is one of the main characteristics of a successful time manager. If there are dead time and best time there is also a Must time. Thus the third step is making a list of Must time setting priorities. It is very important to identify your priority for an efficient time management. Prioritizing simply means putting first things first. That is to say there are things that you must do right now and things that you can put off for a later time. Here is one good example of a method to identify your priorities. It is called the Eisenhower Method and was used by US President Dwight D. Eisenhower as you have might have guessed. According to this method all tasks are evaluated using the criteria important unimportant and urgent not urgent and put in according quadrants. Tasks in unimportant not urgent are dropped tasks in important urgent are done immediately and personally tasks in unimportant urgent are delegated and tasks in important not urgent are done personally. Find your must things using this method. Then write them down classes appointments and meetings on a chronological log book or a chart. Now you have your To Do list. You can also use ready made time schedulers or organizers. I am sure that even just writing down what you have to do will make you feel much less stressful especially when you have lots of things to do. Stop thinking about the things you have to do over and over again write them one by one according to your priorities. It will save you from painful time related pressure. This is only one of many advantages which you can get from setting priorities. Setting priorities will always let you be aware of the important things in your daily life and also let you feel more comfortable with time. If you have followed the previous three steps now you are ready for the final step most important but easy to be neglected. It is evaluating your Past time by looking at the list. Before you go to bed don't forget to have some time to check out what you have done during a day. Look up and down at your list or scheduler. Then mark what is done or what is undone with different marks. The day might have been successful or not. What is important is the fact that that day was not your last day in life. This is the reason why you need to have time to evaluate. It is not only for your past time but also for your future time. The purpose of evaluating is not to discourage you but instead to encourage. Put your focus on what you have succeeded in not on what you have failed. If you were successful give some gifts to yourself. You can go out for a dinner at a nice restaurant or you can buy something you wanted to have just for praising yourself. You need some carrots for your good deeds even though you are not a kid. About the things that you have failed just try to find out the reasons. Don't blame yourself too much. You will be given another day. Therefore evaluating will help you to avoid the same mistake. You will be better and better than the day before. In conclusion it is no exaggeration to say that success in your life depends on how you manage your time. Being a good time manager needs many kinds of skills and practice. With four aforementioned steps you can change dead time into live time use best time for best thing do first thing for must time and make past time meaningful and useful for the time to come. This is the very way to a successful time manager. Make a step forward today and you will find the way not so difficult one to walk on.
