Effective Studying in College Life Today it is believed that efficiently spending time leads college students to better grades. If you are going to be successful then you need to manage time well. It is possible that organized time management improves your studying attitude and influences your academic performance. If you do not spend your study time effectively you might regret your test grade when you read your outcome. In order to avoid wasting time and avoid regretting your college life time management strategies help your studying active. Three time management techniques especially planning your week recording in a log and using your brief time to view can improve your studying in college life more successfully. First making a to do list that is written your schedule for week tells you what you should do every time. For instance you fix your studying time everyday. Even if your studying is a little short time in everyday you can gain custom to study everyday and you can recognize your studying cycle because it is essential that you study constantly in order to obtain better grade. Another example is about preparing for a test or a quiz. If you write your test or quiz schedule on your to do list you can be aware of your circumstances until your test or quiz. Then you can prepare for your test or quiz according to your study plan so you can study constantly for test as a result you will earn better grade. In addition you can avoid studying in haste. If you do not plan to study for test or quiz you will probably study the last day before test and you must say why did I not recognize test day or quiz day In order not to regret that you did not study a lot a to do list can help you be accustomed to studying. Secondly writing daily log makes you reflect your conduct and find your improvement point. This log is different from ordinary diary and you should write facts which are your conduct time by time in a whole day as record. If test outcome is written in your log you can confirm your weakness when you read the log some day. If the test outcome is bad grade you may review the test and you may improve your studying for next test by reviewing and practicing. Moreover the log informs you your wasted time. You may be surprised about finding out how much time is wasted through interruptions and hanging out. The log makes you be aware of how your extra time is spent and the log helps you revise your weekly schedule. Your studying life style will become better. Thirdly studying during short break time or moving time makes it easy for you to review classes and to memorize vocabulary. During between class time you should memorize content from class before. This time can remind you lecture content easily and this time is more effective than after you go back home and study. Since the content from class is the most recent information you can clearly remember it. Moreover you should use flash cards while you are taking bus or public transportation. You can gain vocabulary easily. It is easy for you to bring flash cards outside and to use your boring time. You can put flash cards in your trousers' pocket and you can avoid spacing out during your free time. In conclusion these three techniques are useful for your studying in your college students life. In order to spend your time effectively you should plan what should you do weekly. Recording your daily life helps you recognize your foible and reinforce your studying. Utilizing your brief time makes you feel that you do not waste time and you can obtain much knowledge. Therefore it is insisted that mastering better time management skills leads you to better grades.
