Everyone has a different hobby. People who enjoy sport spend time and strength on doing exercise and watching sport race. People who enjoy reading read many books in their free time. Similarly some like to save stamps dolls ever toys. However I enjoy saving coins. I think saving coins is a worthwhile hobby. In fact saving coins are not only valuable memories but also enrich your knowledge. First of all I think saving coins helps you remember special occasions. Every country has its own coins. For example in 2004 I lived in Germany. When I first went shopping I was attracted by different kinds of coins. Later I knew 15 countries began using the Euro in 2002 so Euro in 2002 has special meaning. Found each country has eight coins with different face value. I wanted to begin to save coins. I found each country has eight coins with different face value. It was very difficult to save a complet set of coins of a country. The process of saving coins was a full of fun and valuable memories. I remembered in 2005 I got a chance to visit Holand. In order to save this countrys coins I had to buy many postcards several times for getting their coins. Each time when I am looking at those coins that I saved from different countries I had ever visited. Those coins reminded me the wonderful time I spent in their country. In addition saving coins can increase your knowledge. Different country has different culture. Coins are always designed for special meaning. Some are famous places or person some are special events. You are attracted and willing to know their culture and their country. You can learn some history. For example there is always a head statue of president on the coins of American. Different period history has different president. Why was this president selected What happened in this period What did the special or important matter mean Saving coins is not only make you are interested in their countrys history and open your eyes to the world but also teach you many knowledge. In conclusion saving coins broaden your insight and enrich your experience. I am very glad to have this hobby and I usually share my pleasure and knowledge with my family members. Here I strongly recommend collection of coins to you and hope you can have fun from this process.
