Topic How to make Maamool Maamool is a traditional dessert in Saudi Arabia. It is usually served in festivals and weddings. There are many kinds of Maamool depend on the variety of its stuffing. Actually all Maamool can follow the same recipe to get delicious Maamool at the end. Therefore Making Maamool is easy for everyone when they follow these steps and take the tips of preparing the Maamool dough stuffing the Maamool and baking the Maamool. First preparing the Maamool dough is a fundamental step to have good Maamool. The dough contains four cups flour a cup of fat a half cup of water and one teaspoon Maamool's spice. Before you mix these ingredients heat the fat and add two cardamoms to it. Soon afterwards leak the hot fat on the spiced flour. Then knead the flour with fat and put a few water to complete kneading be careful more water makes the dough tough. For the best results you can use electricity dough mixture. As soon as you get a fine soft dough cover the dough and put it in a worm place for eight hours. Now you have ready dough to make your Maamool. The next step choose one or more kinds of stuffing that you like in your Maamool. In Saudi Arabia it is preferred to have Maamool with dates. However you can also use nut dough or pistachio dough. If you want typical Maamool mix a pot of butter with date dough and then worm it on the stove. Put one spoon of sesame and roll the date dough to small ball. Eventually spread thin layer of the dough on the Maamool cast and pot the date ball stuffing in then close it by removing the extra dough. Now you have twenty ready thin small Maamool with date. At this point you need to bake the pieces of the Maamool. Heat the oven to 400 Fahrenheit degrees. Meanwhile put these pieces on the baking sheet. One import thing is that to enter Maamool in hot oven for two minutes then low it to 300 degrees and wait for another seven minuets. This way will help keep your Maamool from cracked. Afterwards remove the pieces of the Maamool out the oven and leave it until it cold down. To have a pretty look of Maamool Spread powder sugar on each one. As the previous steps there are simple instructions to have soft delicious Maamool. A few tips of preparing the Maamool dough stuffing the Maamool and baking the Maamool can make tasty Maamool. I believe that you can make this traditional desert of Saudi Arabia in your country. Moreover you will be able to develop your own style of Maamool based on those steps of making Maamool.
