Topic The causes for the failure of the Undergrad Grill Outline 1. Price is too expensive for students 2. A caution is on the door 3. It opens at 11 A. M 4. He hires student to cook 5. He didn't do advertising A restaurant around a university has to compete another restaurants and win the battle for there are many restaurants around a university and customers can choose the best one from many choices. Recently the number of restaurants has increased and the customers have been particular about their foods. They cannot be satisfied with unpleasant foods. As a result only a restaurant serving delicious foods at lower price can survive. Especially at the Restaurant Row where many restaurants are gathered the competition tends to intensify. The Undergrad Grill was forced to do poorly because it couldn't defeat the rivals. There are three main causes for the failure of the restaurant. The first cause for the failure of the restaurant is the price. According to the menu all Entrees are over 6. 5 Dollars. These prices are too expensive for the students. The students have a lot of opportunities to use their money such as going to movies or traveling. So they try not to spend a lot of money for foods. For this reason students didn't come to his restaurant. Tom had to lower the price at least of the Entrees. Another possible cause for the failure of the restaurant is the cooks. Even though he didn't have enough money to hire professional cooks he should have hired at least one professional cook. Once customers notice that students cook the foods of the restaurant they will never come back again because they have a lot of choices among another restaurants serving delicious foods cooked by professional cooks. As a result they left his restaurant. A third cause for the failure of the restaurant is advertisement. Many restaurants advertise their foods when they open their new restaurant. They often insert circulars about the restaurant in newspaper and inform customers when and where the restaurant open what kind of food it serves. On the other hand Tom didn't advertise his restaurant due to the lack of money. However he could have distributed handbills about the information of his restaurant even if he didn't have money. Customers had had their favorite restaurant before Tom opened his restaurant. They didn't feel like trying the new restaurant because they had no information about the restaurant. Consequently few customers came to his restaurant. Tom's new restaurant couldn't win the competition among other restaurants. There are several causes for his failure but he should have investigated them. So he might have revived his restaurant. The harsh location of his restaurant and the lack of his ability as a manager caused the failure of his restaurant.
