How to Brew Like a Barista Every morning we put coffee powder into drip machine and turn on it to obtain cup of black juice. But have we ever wondered that is this a so called coffee. Why can not we get a cup of Starbucks like coffee Today coffee has become a more and more popular beverage in the world. However people are unable to get a cup of good coffee unless we seek help from famous coffee stores such as Starbucks. Even the recreational coffee players are suffering form shorting of specialty coffee. Fortunately the procedures of acquiring a cup of nice coffee are not as difficult as before. Thus we could get a great cup of coffee if we follow three major steps that is coffee beans preparation proper grinding and coffee brewing. Coffee beans preparation is the very foundational step to acquire a great cup of coffee. First of all there are so many different coffee cultivars growing in different regions all over the world. Hence we could start trying famous eastes or small farms if we do not know how to start brewing coffee. Then try to remove any unnecessary particles such as sands rocks and damaged beans in green beans. Next we should pre warm our roaster and bring green coffee beans into roast. After roast we suppose to have a batch of beautiful roasted coffee. However this is not the last step of coffee beans preparation. For a better cup we should check the appearance of roasted beans again to maintain roast consistency. Grind the well roasted beans into proper degree of particle is a crucial step in coffee brewing. When the degree of ground coffee was chosen the following brewing method is almost fixed. Hence it is important to get your beans well ground. Generally speaking there are three major steps to approach this goal. First choose a right machine. A good grinder could efficiently generate cold coffee powder with high consistency. Next clean the grinder before you start using it because remained coffee powder could affect flavor greatly. Finally grind the beans into cold powder with proper size and be ready for the following coffee brewing. Eventually it is about time to start brewing a great cup. First of all there are so many brewing methods all over the world such as famous Italian espresso Japanese siphon and American machine dripping etc. According to the degree of grinding choose a related method. Then pre warm the brewing equipments. Finally try to maintain the themo stability of whole brewing system. Because themo stability maintenance is the very key to achieve a great cup. Coffee has become a more and more popular beverage in the world and it has evolved more than a reinvigorate drink. Since 1970s the concept of specialty coffee or gourmet coffee has been introduced by American hippies more and more people care about its taste than its functionality. Accordingly it is natural and reasonable that people want to get a great cup at home with their very own hands. Unfortunately most of them failed to achieve that simple purpose. However it is not an impossible task if we stick to the three major strategies which stated above. All we have to do is keep practicing and following the procedures. Soon we will not fell frustrate to coffee brewing ever.
