Outline Heart disease Risk factor Family history High blood pressure Smoking cigarettes or tobacco THE CAUSE OF HEART DISEASE HD Every day three million people died for HD. In the US HD is a first cause of dead among people older than 50 years old. This disease has a number of abnormal conditions affecting the heart and the blood vessels in the heart. Types of heart disease include Coronary artery disease heart failure and heart arrhythmias. The three most important causes or risk factors for HD are family history high blood pressure and tobacco. Exist other causes like diabetes high cholesterol levels personality type A sedentary life and obesity. The most important issue related with heart disease is the family history. If a family member father mother brother sister has a history of early heart disease before age 55 for men and before age 65 for women you are at a higher risk for heart disease than someone with no family history of early heart disease. At the recent surveys realized for The American Heart Association in 2005 and European Heart Association in 2004 the risk to have a heart disease if you have a family member with heart disease increase 2. 6 Times in women and 1. 5 Times in men. That means if one of the first degree relatives have or had heart disease and you are a woman your possibilities to develop the disease are higher. You need to increase the control to the other risks like high blood pressure smoking cigarettes diabetes and high cholesterol levels because the family history is the only one that you can't modified. In this moment one of each three women have heart disease. The second but not least important risk is high blood pressure or hypertension HTN . The American Heart Association recommends controlling your blood pressure twice a year if you have less than forty year old and don't have risk factors. If you have more than forty years have family history of high blood pressure or any other risks like obesity diabetes high cholesterol level personality type A or having a sedentary life you need to measure your blood pressure once a month and check with your doctor twice a years. The blood pressure values are normal when your systolic blood pressure is lower than 120 and your diastolic blood pressure is lower than 80 BP 120 80 . The HTN produce some problems in your heart for example wall thicknesses obstruction of coronary vessels and heart failure. The third risk is smoking cigarette. It the leading preventable cause of disease and death in the United States . The American Heart Association found a high correlation about cigarette smoking and heart disease. If you don't smoke and don't have risk factor of heart disease describe above your probability to have this problem is less than 1 but if you smoke and you don't have risk factor your risk increase three times. Otherwise if you smoke and have risk factors your possibilities to develop heart disease increase 8 to 9 times. The nicotine destroys the wall vessels reducing its lumen inside the vessel and increases the heart work leading to heart failure. In conclusion the only way to try to decrease the incidence of this disease is to control the risk factors. I mean stop to smoke tobacco help you to decrease high blood pressure and then decrease the risk of HD. The different problem is family history because this factor is impossible to change but if you understand the risk you can control your weight your sugar do exercise and change your personality type. This probably is the only way to reduce morbidity and mortality of HD.
