Benson is the name of location in Benson University which has the Restaurant Row that is the target of restaurant's owners. Tom Higgins the Undergrad Grill's owner had been waiting for several months until the location in Benson became available. He believed that this would be a great position. However his restaurant didn't go down well with the customer. The unplanned budget the restriction and the menu are three main causes which made his restaurant fail The unplanned budget causes the failure of his restaurant. During the time before he opened his restaurant he hired a person who could find to do the renovations and painting and paid much money for rushing him. For this reason he didn't have enough money to do mush advertising. Furthermore a lack of money causes problems for his restaurant other ways too. He hired several students to be cooks because he couldn't afford professional cooks so the taste of food was disgusting and the number of customers was decreasing. Moreover one of his waitresses quit after two months because of the poor performance of the restaurant. A lot of restriction is the one causes of failure. Some restriction is not suitable for students. Taking out food is suitable for students who don't want to take time in the restaurant but his restaurant had no taking out. Consequently they didn't want to go there. In addition to the skateboard's restriction it didn't allow anybody who has skateboard. For this reason most of them chose another restaurant instead of there. Another restriction is the age of children. The child who is under 5 years old can't go inside. As a result of this restriction some students couldn't bring their family to have dinner at this restaurant. The lists in the menu could affect the number of customers. One reason is the price of each list in the menu. The cost of each list is too high thus most students can't pay for it. Another reason is the number of list. There are only 12 entrees in the menu therefore the customers don't have many choices. They wouldn't go back recently if they could try only several lists. Also the number of drinks is not much. The customers can choose a few lists. The healthy people wouldn't come because of a lack of juice. There are many ways to make the Undergrad Grill restaurant unsuccessful. The poor budget many restrictions and the menu can affect the performance of the restaurant. After solving these problem the customers might come back.
