1. No money management 2. Menu is too expensive. 3. Too many rules. 4. No professional cooks. 5. No advertisement. In order to survive in the restaurant business. Many preparations and planning is necessary. Such as advertisement money management employee hirement food price and rules. The owner of Undergrad Grill Tom Higgins however did not meet any of those requirements. He is wrong while he prepared his business. He has many damage. One of cause before the restaurant was build the owner has to consider with money management. But the undergrad grill's owner didn't consider it. He spent much money for his business for all the renovations and painting. Due to he didn't have enough money when he were on the point of opening for restaurant. It's worth all the renovations. It will be the restaurant come into the spotlight therefore will be busy and he will be successful with his business. Another cause is the menu is too expensive. There is near from Benson University. So he expected to coming to many people at his restaurant also he chose it which a great location. But menu is too expensive consequently most customers were above visiting his restaurant. Food price is important for customers. Such as entrees of menu are very expensive also soda is expensive too then other restaurant. He has to think about most customers are students. The students don't have enough money. A third cause is too many rules and no professional cooks. One of the rule is when people sometimes don't have enough time they prefer take out. So they will want to take out. And the other hand is no children under age. It's not so good. Because this is like distinguish to people so it will be unfavorably impress to restaurant. Also the restaurant's life is taste. The professional cooks are worth cooking. If the restaurant's foods are good most people spread for the restaurant. Therefore they don't need advertising. The point is that the most important thing is the taste. He had to more spend money for professional cooks than others. Such as renovation. . They must hire professional cooks. Therefore they will be busy and will earn much money. In my opinion the location is great. When he find cause of his business or he more consider than now with his business problems Cope positively with the change then he will succeed.
