3 Causes Smoking cigarettes Having a sedentary lifestyle Obesity Thesis There are three causes of heart disease and these are controllable. The causes of heart disease Heart disease has become the most serious medical problem and many cardiologists have discovered the causes as major and minor. They also point out not only hereditary risks but environmental risks so we can find out the correctable risk factors and control that effectively. Here are three causes which are indicated by a cardiologist Dr. Harvey Snyder. The dangerousness of smoking is well known so far and the risk on heart is very serious too. According to the indication in Dr. Harvey Snyder's interview smoking is a major cause of heart disease. Smokers are two or three times more likely to have a heart attack than nonsmoker. Smoking is an active behavior like cutting the grass and climbing mountains. It means that smoking is not inevitable. Although a lot of cardiologists consent the smoking as a major cause if someone did smoking that would be a kind of a cruelty to oneself. Next the cardiologist pointed out a sedentary lifestyle as a minor cause. As the information society has developed the lifestyle is changed suddenly. Instead of living by labor people are working with taking a seat all day long. The development of transportation and technology also contribute to the scarcity of exercise. Watching TV on the sofa and moving by a car have substituted taking a walk and practical exercise in the house. We should stand up and drive ourselves to move our body because that is a correctable cause of heart disease by our will. Finally the controllable and correctable cause is obesity. Though it is just a minor cause it is harmful to our health in many aspects like the other causes do it in same ways. The reasons of obesity are similar to the one of sedentary lifestyle but the eating habit is more crucial to the obesity. To correct the obesity you should rearrange your menu as well as do physical exercise. No one say that is easy but it is worth it. Heart disease was not a serious problem until 1970's. However as the lifestyle has been changing the rate has been increasing. Although there are other major and minor causes of heart disease the important attitude to prevent it is finding the correctable causes and controlling them. Smoking sedentary lifestyle and obesity are discovered as risk factors in heart disease and correctable. Now we must put into practice it immediately for our healthy life.
