Outline Heart disease Risk factor Family history High blood pressure Smoking cigarettes or tobacco THE CAUSES OF HEART DISEASE HD Every day three million people died for HD. In the US HD is a first cause of dead among people older than 50 years old. More than 500. 000 Women die per year in United States due to HD and is the leading cause of dead in women and men in United States and most of the developed world. This disease has a number of abnormal conditions affecting the heart and the blood vessels in the heart. Types of heart disease include Coronary artery disease heart failure and heart arrhythmias. The three most important causes or risk factors for HD are family history high blood pressure and tobacco. Exist other causes like diabetes high cholesterol levels personality type A sedentary life and obesity. The most important issue related with heart disease is the family history. If a family member father mother brother sister has a history of early heart disease before age 55 for men and before age 65 for women you are at a higher risk for heart disease than someone with no family history of early heart disease That means if one of the first degree relatives have HD your possibilities to develop the disease are higher. The family members share common habits lifestyles environments and inherited traits. Therefore you need to increase the control to the other risks like high blood pressure smoking cigarettes diabetes and high cholesterol levels because the family history is the only that you can't modified. The second but not least important risk is high blood pressure or hypertension HTN . The normal blood pressure is when your systolic blood pressure is lower than 120 mmHg and your diastolic blood pressure is lower than 80mmHg BP 120 80 mmHg if you have values higher than BP 140 90 mmHg you are hypertensive. The American Heart Association recommends controlling your blood pressure twice a year if you have less than fifty year old and don't have risk factors. If you have more than fifty years have family history of high blood pressure or any other risks like obesity diabetes high cholesterol level personality type A or having a sedentary life you need to measure your blood pressure once a month and check with your doctor twice a years. The HTN produce number of troubles in your heart for instance wall thicknesses obstruction of coronary vessels and heart failure. The third risk is smoking cigarette. It the leading preventable cause of disease and death in the United States and cause more than 450. 000 Deaths per year in the United States. The American Heart Association found a high correlation about tobacco and HD. If you don't smoke and don't have risk factors the option that you have the disease is lower than people who smoke. Otherwise if you smoke the nicotine benefits fat deposit in the blood vessels and reduces its lumen and increases the heart work leading to heart failure. In conclusion the only way to try to decrease the incidence of this disease is to control the risk factors. I mean stop to smoking control hypertension eat a low fat calories do exercise 30 minutes per day and manage your blood lipid levels and cholesterol. The different problem is family history because this factor is impossible to change but. This probably is the only way to reduce morbidity and mortality of HD. References 1. Summary of the American Heart Association's evidence based guidelines for cardiovascular disease prevention in women Arterioesc. Thromb. Vasc. Biol. 2004 24 394 396. 2. Review of the American Heart Association's guidelines for cardiovascular disease prevention in women British Medical Journal 2007.
