Out line Main idea the cause of the failure of Tom's restaurant Topics Location and advertisement contents of menu and its taste price and service. Food service industry is easy to venture but difficult to get success with. Many new restaurants have opened and many restaurants have gone under every year in America. In the book store there are many books treating the secret to success in new business and every author has their own way of thinking. But fundamentally from the point of customer's view some common and obvious roles seem to exist. Here is a model in which the owner of the restaurant failed to manage his new restaurant. We tried to explain the reasons of his failure from four points of view as mentioned bellow. When someone builds a new restaurants location and advertisement is important and annoy them at first. If the location is inconvenient and empty place the advertisement becomes more important. Tom's restaurant was built at noticeable place instead of expensive rent so it is reasonable that he didn't spend his money to the advertisement. But the indication of the restaurant's name should be located lower place using more impressive character. Because people walking along the Restaurant Row can't recognize the name of the restaurant when it locates such a high place. This is first point of his failure. The second is contents of menu and its taste. When people saw this menu how did they feel It might be bored and unattractive. All of them are ordinary and don't have any characteristics. And to make matter worse these foods were made by the students. There are many kinds of restaurant in the Restaurant Row and each restaurant has different type of food. But already Jim's Deli located the opposite end of Restaurant Row must have served similar menu to Tom's restaurant's for long time and have gotten a steady popularity. So Tom's restaurant should have prepared his original menu which people can't eat at other restaurants. For this purpose he had better to hire at least one professional cook even if as a result he had to reduce the number of waitresses. Although it may be the conflict problem to the second issue as meanings of the quality of the foods the price is also important. Needless to say the quality is the higher the better. But Tom's restaurant is not a first class restaurant in New York. It is a restaurant for students. Nobody wants to pay 11dollars for the cheeseburger made by students. He should have made an effort to manage the cost and quality using some device such as lunch time special menu. Don't forget that consumer is always thinking the cost performance. The last issue is the service. There are two problems about this issue. First is the notice indicated outside of the entrance door No Bare feet No Smoking No . Although it may have a little relation with service we don't want to see so many No in front of restaurant. As mentioned above his restaurant is not snobbish one. Students need such casual restaurant as is easy to enter without reserve. Second is the waitress. The restaurant owes most of the quality of service to their waitresses. Blunt waitress reduces the number of the customers. Waitress's salary depend on the tip so decreasing of the number of customers make her salary less and as a result she become more and more blunt waitress. This is vicious circle. Did he choose his waitresses carefully Did he educate his waitresses Perhaps he must not have done. To evaluate his employee's ability and personality is important ability for the employer. What had he been doing during waiting the location to become available Perhaps he must have never wasted his time. We supposed that there were a lot of matters he had to concern about. Sad to say he might forget to think from the customer's point of view.
