The Way to Short Cut to Master the iBT TOEFL Before one year ago I had never considered taking the TOEFL test because I was a normal office worker. However since I decided to go graduated school I have been preparing the TOEFL test because a lot of graduated schools require the TOEFL score. Last year the ETS announced that the TOEFL test would changed from CBT to iBT. Since then a lot of students including me have been suffering from changed exam because the new test includes integrated section. How can we prepare the iBT TOEFL It looks so difficult. However preparing for the iBT TOEFL is easier if you follow several steps. To begin with gathering information about the iBT TOEFL is definitely first step. If you have a lot of information about enemy you will win at the war. Likewise if you collect a lot of informations about the iBT TOEFL you already know the enemy the iBT TOELF so you may get a high grade. First you should know general information about the test such as how long does it take how many questions are there and how to be estimated your score. These informations are given on the ETS web site. Next I want to suggest that you read many reviews written by someone who has experiences about the iBT TOEFL. This helps you are familiar with the test. While you read reviews you will acquire some informations about the test which is not given on the ETS web site such as what is the subject of the last week writing essay it is easy or difficult and the exam time is enough or not. Why all these tasks are required This is because if you do not know all above tips you could not make your own strategy. Therefore the first step for preparing the iBT TOEFL is absolutely gathering information about the test. Next you are now ready to study the iBT TOEFL. I believe the most important and priority task is studying vocabulary. This is because vocabulary is an essential element over all sections reading listening speaking and writing. Do you know that 30 of questions in the reading section ask a synonym Therefore I strongly suggest that you memorize as possible as many synonyms. Next step is listening practice. It is very important because not only a listening part but also a speaking and a writing part require listening skills. As you know despite of a speaking section you will read and listen to brief lectures and then you should speak about the lecture. Also in the writing section you will read and hear a short lecture and then you should summarize the lecture according to the listening and reading. Therefore with poor listening skills it is hard to expect to get a high score. That is the second step for preparing iBT TOEFL is studying especially geared towards vocabulary and listening. Finally if your test is not far you should try on real test environment. First of all you should be familiar with reading through a computer monitor because reading through the monitor is harder then reading on the paper. I think reading the Internet newspaper is a good practice. Second you should have no problem with typing English keyboard because the iBT TOFLE is based on the Internet. That means your writing is written by computer keyboards not pencil. Last you should practice mimic test provided similar environment of real test. The iBT TOEFL is a kind of computer programs like word process. If you are familiar with the program you won't nerves when you take the test. I suggest that you practice the ETS online test. It is free and its organization is same the test. Moreover it can show your prospective score. As I have mentioned above it is not difficult to prepare the iBT TOEFL. You just follow three steps gathering information about the test studying focus on vocabulary and listening and practicing on real environment. All these steps help you to prepare the iBT TOEFL. As a popular saying goes Haven help those who help themselves. If you study step by step you will achieve your dream.
