Arabic Coffee In my home country the Arabic coffee is considered on of the most important traditional customs. It is the image of generosity and hospitality our parents have taught us how to respect the gusts and do or best for him. If any of us have gusts the Arabic coffee is the first thing served to him. In addition it is served on every truly Arabic occasion such as weddings receptions gatherings meetings and camel races also at any gathering of more than four people . It is served almost immediately to the guests on arrival usually before the meal Parties start about 9 pm the meal begins about midnight . Making Arabic coffee is easy when you follow these steps. First step is prepare your coffee tools such as coffee pot that should be served from the traditional pot called the Dallah which has a chunk of fiberous material stuck in the spout to serve as a filter special small coffee cups with no handle these cups are hold maybe half a cup of liquid anyway but when you have to drink the coffee it seems like a lot more and saucer which is used to serve the coffee on it. Second step prepare the ingredients. Arabic coffee is made from green coffee bean which is the main part of the arabic coffee and produces an intense flavor with full body and snappy heartiness the second part of the ingreadiants is cardamom that is very expensive and you can tell how well you're liked by the amount of cardamom in the coffee lots of cardamom makes the coffee actually taste good. The last part of the inggrediente is saffron which is not importent as much as bean or cadamom and you have the choice if you want to use it or not. The third step is the direction. First 4 tablespoons Arabic coffee 3 tablespoons cardamom and 3 cups of water. Nexst Put the coffee in a pan and warm it on a low heat for a few minutes. Then add the water bring to a boil and boil 3 or 4 minutes. After that Pour the boiled coffee through a filter into the dallah and add the cardamom. Then return to the heat bring to a boil once more then simmer 20 minutes. Finally serve the arabic coffee with the dates. The preparation and serving of coffee is still generally the same across the Arab world and the arabic coffee is part of socializing. In virtually any Arab country and Arab home the ritual of coffee making and serving is a sign that a guest is welcomed and honored. The basic ritual has not changed much over time or geographical locations from country to country or from desert to village to city.
