Every county has a representive food. For example Saudi Arabia has Kap sa Japan has Su shi America has burgers or hot dogs. My country Korea has Kim chi. Korean people always love to eat Kim chi with their meals. Today I'm going to introduce how to make Kim chi . Before making Kim chi the gathering of friendly people is important. Because we only make it a couple of times a year we have to make a lot of Kim chi at once. Thus people spend a lot of times making Kim chi. This time is spent not only making Kim chi but also deepening friendship. It is easy to make Kim chi if you follow these three steps. First of all make a decision on what kind of Kim chi. Kim chi has much different kind of types. To choose each different Kim chi it needs different ingredient. Kim chi has three types in common. If there is one thing we have enough of it is cabbage Kim chi. Regardless of area in Korea we can find easily everywhere with Korean meals. If you see Kim chi advertisement it is almost cabbage Kim chi which contains red pepper. Second we have water Kim chi. It is not contains red pepper and can see north areas in Korea. It is easy to distinguish other Kim chi because it looks white and has soup. Sometimes we eat water Kim chi when someone shocked. Third we have scallions Kim chi. It is different from cabbage Kim chi. It is mainly based on scallions not cabbage. It is common in south areas in Korea. Otherwise depend on different types Kim chi they have different recipes each other. I want to introduce about cabbage Kim chi. After make a decision on what kind of Kim chi you gather the ingredients. Before gathering ingredients you decide that how much Kim chi to make because Kim chi is fermentation food. If you make too much it is easy to make sour. Then you choose fresh vegetable. Cabbage Kim chi needs the ingredients such as cabbages radishes scallions garlic ginger onions powdered red pepper pickled baby shrimp oysters salt and sugar. If you do that you are ready. Before make a Kim chi you should go though due exactly formalities. If not it makes different taste. After you gathered all the ingredients put the cabbage sections in salt water for 10 hours drawing out the water. The next thing you do is slice the radishes and add 2 cups of warm water to the red pepper powder. It is mixed well when the red color is set. Then you should add the scallions garlic and ginger and mix well. Combine all the ingredients with pickled baby shrimp add the radishes and mix well. Then pack the ingredients in the cabbage leaves. Finally cover the top with some of the trimmed green outer leaves of cabbage and spread salt over it. Let it sit for some time until completely fermented. In conclusion whenever I miss Kim chi I buy Kim chi. However I can't feel flavor which my mother's Kim chi. No one make my mother's Kim chi because my mother put the whole mind to Kim chi for her son. That is it is easy to make Kim chi if you follow these steps but most important is Kim chi has to contain mother's devotion. Kim chi has a lot of spicy so you eat first time it is hard to eat Kim chi. However if you become accustomed you will like it.
