Introduction major causes minor causes conclusion Heart disease became serious disease today. Heart is the most important organ for people so we need to concentrate heart disease and to consider disease's causes. I will introduce main causes from now and that causes can distinguish major ans minor causes. The first risk factor is major causes of heart disease. It is fractionized several factors. First it affect family history. In other words you are at a higher risk for developing heart disease if your parents or grandparents have had it. It can't solve by myself because family history is inborn. Second because of high blood pressure we can fall heart disease. According to recent estimates nearly one in three U. S. Adults has high blood pressure Uncontrolled high blood pressure can lead to stroke heart attack heart failure or kidney failure. Third high cholesterol is dangerous because fatty deposits build up in blood vessels and diabetes can lead to hardening of the arteries and heart attacks. Finally smoking cigarettes is dangerous. Cigarette smoking is the most important preventable cause of premature death in the United States. It accounts for nearly 440 000 deaths each year of which more than 135 000 are due to smoking related cardiovascular diseases smokers are two or three times more likely to have a heart attack than nonsmokers. The another risk factor is minor causes of heart disease. It has three causes. First of all Having a Type A personality such as becoming easily stressed being overly competitive aggressive and intense causes heart disease. Second Having a sedentary lifestyle can causes it because it can't get enough exercise. Finally Obesity is really not good. Obesity always follow high blood pressure and high cholesterol level. In other word being extremely overweight and having a poor diet are not good for you. I explained causes of heart disease until now. And it can divide two causes largely then it can classify several reasons. Someone usually say prevention is better than cure. If you are careful of these risk factors you can detect heart disease in advance and you can keep healthily and happily your life.
