The causes for the failure of the Undergrad Grill Main points 1. Unplanned budget 2. Restaurant restrictions 3. Menu Benson is the name of location near Benson University which has the Restaurant Row that is the target of many restaurant owners. Tom Higgins the owner of the Undergrad Grill restaurant had been waiting for several months until the location in Benson became available. He believed that this position would make him succeed in his business. However his restaurant didn't go down well with the customers. The unplanned budget the restaurant restrictions and the menu are three main causes which has been making his restaurant fail. The unplanned budget causes the failure of his restaurant. During the time before his restaurant opened he hired a person who could find to do the renovations and painting and paid much money for rushing him. For this reason he didn't have enough money to do mush advertising. A lack of advertisements affected his business many ways for example the customers didn't have attention in his restaurant because of a little advertising. Sometimes the number of customers depends on the amount of advertisement. Furthermore the unplanned budget makes he have another trouble with his restaurant too. He had to hire several students to be cooks because he couldn't afford professional cooks and the taste of food was disgusting. For this reason the number of customers was decreasing. Moreover he didn't have enough money to hire many waitresses. He could hire only two waitresses so the service in his restaurant was so poor. They couldn't take care all of the customers when the restaurant was busy. A lot of restaurant restrictions are the important cause of his failure. Some restriction isn't suitable for many students. Especially the restriction about taking out most students don't want to take time in the restaurant too much. Consequently an amount of his target customers has been decreasing. In addition to smoking restriction he doesn't allow anybody who smokes although the number of smokers increases everyday. For this reason most of them chose another restaurant instead of there. Another restriction which affects his restaurant is the age of children. The child who is under 5 years old can't go inside. As a result of this restriction some students couldn't bring their family to have dinner at this restaurant that makes the restaurant lose a lot of income. The menu affects the number of customers also. One cause is the price of each list in the menu. The cost of each list is too high for example the students have to spend 10. 95 For one regular cheese burger or 4 for a glass of lemonade. Thus most students can't afford it. Another cause is the number of entrees in the menu. There are only 12 lists of entrees in the menu and they aren't various therefore the customers don't have many choices. They wouldn't go back recently if they could try only a few lists. Also the number of drinks is not much and it doesn't suit for healthy customers. They can choose only lemonade which is good for them. There are many ways to make the Undergrad Grill restaurant unsuccessful. The poor budget many restrictions and the menu affect the performance of the restaurant. If Tom Higgins could solve these problems the customers might come back and his restaurant might revive.
