Why Undergrad Grill doing poorly No enough money little advertising Number of waitresses poring bad service Unqualified cooks underrate underestimate meals High prices over than students money ability Strict rules limited type of customers Regarding Tom Higgins restaurant status I find several reasons for his restaurant was doing poorly. At that time and every time if you couldn't have minimum of competition requirement you couldn't continue your project. Higgins had less than that he did has several reasons like budget problem using high price menu and putting strict rules made a lot of effect on his project. First cause is the money that is the important resource for any project unfortunately Higgins did not has enough money when he started that was the main problem. That happened because he spent a lot of his budget on renovation and set up his restaurant. As result he couldn't put more advertising about his project to let people are known. Usually the beginning of any project is very important to give good image about it. Because he had budget problem Higgins started with unqualified cooks that was effect on the quality and taste of the meals Compare with his menu price. On the other hand he used two waitresses that also was effect on the service. Second reason was the menu price. He didn't consider the most of the customer from the neighborhood that means most of them were students who they have limited money to pay while he put high price for the meals with high competition with neighbor restaurants. He also used unqualified cooks that are unreasonable to put high prices. His restaurant located in university area that means the most of customers is students who usually don't have time to eat inside a restaurant. But Higgins put strict rules such as no take out and no bare feet that sometime against what customer want. That reason was limited his customer because a lot of them went to other restaurants that are flexible than undergrad grill. In the end Higgins should review his plan and project if he wants to inter the competition because he has already worth location and opportunity to success. He need to correct and update his calculate to control all reasons and use a logical menu price compatible with the level of his worker and finally he should put flexible rules
