The position of teachers in China For most Chinese who are not teachers teaching is a good job now because the salary of teachers have increased quickly since 2004 and there are total 3 months vacation with pay every year. However when you talk with teachers you can find more and more teachers want to quit their jobs and think they are very unhappy and feel stressful with their jobs. Why There are 3 main reasons in China make more and more teachers want to quit their jobs including the stress of job the attitude of students and their parents to teachers and the public opinion about teachers. Teachers feel stressful due to the heavy works the stress of students' grade and the long work time. In China the number of the students a teacher teach are too many usually 110 to 140 students per teacher. As a result teachers not only need to prepare class teach class study new knowledge and improve the skills of teaching but also need to spend a lot of time to correct homework solve the problems of students and meet some students' parents. On the other hand a teacher's salary and reputation directed relate to the grade of their students. As a teacher you must be skillful and have to do all you could to make your students get a good grade. However it's not enough because the competition between students is so intense in China most students have to study from 7 30am to 9 30pm. In another words the work time of a teacher will be longer than it. It's really a busies and stressful day. Another important reason lead to teachers want to requite is the attitude of students and their parents to teachers. Many students don't respect their teachers and more and more conflict accidents between teachers and students have been reported on media. The most dire example is a high school student killed his teacher just because the teacher always take away his novel which he read in class. It's make many teachers afraid of supervising their students. Some parents don't cooperate with teachers to teach their children. They think teach kids is the duty of teachers or they don't want to blame their children because dote on their children. The public opinion about teacher is also unjust. Many people think all teachers only want to earn money because some teachers set up remedial class. They think students' quality get worse just due to the teacher didn't give a good instruction. If teachers manage their students loosely they criticize teachers don't have responsibility. On the other hand if teachers manage their students strict and cause conflict with students they criticize teachers couldn't punish students at first. From above reasons it's really hard as a teacher in China. I think education is the duty of teachers parents and society not just teachers. If we give teachers more comprehend and less blame our education will get better and teachers will love their job also the work is heavy and the work time is long like now.
