Vocabulary log 3 Source 1 12 Time magazine May28 2007 The last temptation of Al Gore 1. Ominously adverb suggesting that something bad is going to happen in the future This chamber is for the most part silent 5. Partisan adjective showing too much support for one person group or idea especially without considering it carefully It is too easy and too partisan to simply place the blame on the policies of President George W. Bush. 6. Judiciary noun the judges of a country or a state when they are considered as a group We are all responsible for the decisions our country makes. We have an independent judiciary. 7. Discourse noun a long and serious treatment or discussion of a subject in speech or writing Why has America's public discourse become less focused and clear less reasoned 8. Premise noun a statement or an idea that forms the basis for a reasonable line of argument Faith in the power of reason the belief that free citizens can govern themselves wisely and fairly by resorting to logical debate on the basis of the best evidence available instead of raw power remains the central premise of American democracy. 9. Unprecedented adjective that has never happened been done or been known before American democracy is now in danger aptist a writer etc. Providing many works After last month's arrest of notoriously prolific tagger Daniel Montano aka Mfone Vandals among us 14. Vanquish verb to defeat somebody completely in a competition war etc In Pittford N. Y. Lorena Ochoa vanquished the playoff demons. Now the world's No. 1 Player is aiming for her first major title. Demon noun an evil spirit Source Trib pm 06. 25. 07 Sports Brief 15. Plummet verb to fall suddenly and quickly from a high level or position. The telltale signs are ominous teens holing up in their rooms ignoring friends family even food and a shower while grades plummet and belligerence soars. Telltale adjective showing that something exists or has happened Belligerence noun unfriendly and aggressive behavior Source Trib pm 06. 25. 07 Are kids crazy for gaming
