Defined as a structural or functional abnormality of the heart heart diseases affects and causes to die many people. In the United States more than 60 million Americans have some form of heart diseases and about 2600 people die every day because of these diseases. Along with there are many reasons of heart diseases obesity and lack of exercise high blood cholesterol and smoking can be accepted as the most considerable causes. First of all lack of exercises and obesity leads to unhealthy lifestyle that causes heart attack. By keeping away from oily foods doing exercise such as walking running and aerobic is necessary to avoid heart diseases. When we exercise our heart beats more rapidly the arteries widen to provide more oxygen and arterial blood flow improves. Nowadays most people work inactively in a fixed place and need to do much exercise. People who are overweight for example are less inclined to exercise. Prosperous people who have leisure time are more likely to exercise than those who must work long hours. Besides dietary factors may make people less inclined to exercise. According to researches lack of exercise accompanied with food habit and obesity is one of the causes of heart diseases. This counsel must not be forgotten Energetic life maintains healthy life and helps to throw away harmful substances from the body. On the other hand smoking greatly increases the risk of heart diseases. According to the American Heart Association more than 400 000 Americans die each year of smoking related illnesses. Many of these deaths are because of the effects of smoking on the heart and blood vessels. Researches have shown that smoking increases heart rate tightens major arteries raises blood pressure and can cause irregular heartbeats all of which make your heart work harder. Although nicotine is known the main detrimental matter in cigarette other chemicals and compounds like tar and carbon monoxide are also harmful to heart. These chemicals negatively affect vessel walls and cholesterol level and can lead to a heart attack. If it is quitted smoking the risk of heart attack decreases and higher blood pressure lowers to normal. A third cause of heart diseases is high blood cholesterol. Cholesterol a fat like substance carried in your blood is found in all of people's body cells. When we eat animal foods like meats eggs and dairy products extra cholesterol enters our body. Because the main reason of cholesterol is the saturated fat in food nutrition labels are read carefully. As a result of motionless lifestyle cholesterol especially LDL bad cholesterol leads to heart attack and death. Therefore we must check our cholesterol level and avoid eating some food including animal production. Consequently even though there are a lot of major factors lack of exercise smoking and high level cholesterol are three main reasons of heart diseases. According to the scientific researches these diseases influence and cause to die thousands people every year. Hence we must take notice of our hearts carefully.
