How to make chicken basil Basil is a kind of herb that smells good. People usually use it for cooking. Especially in Thailand they use it in various ways. Chicken basil is one of numerous procedures. Chicken basil has several looks in different countries because they use different ingredients or processes. However making chicken basil is not too difficult if you follow these steps. First steps selecting ingredients is the most important step to cook chicken basil. It can use assorted vegetables carrot or cowpea to mix but basil is mandatory. Actually you can use sweet basil instance of Thai basil. About chicken you should use chicken's thighs because it is the best part of chicken. This part is not too dry and not too greasy. Last you have to find some flavoring such as soy sauce oyster sauce fresh chili fresh garlic pepper and sugar. The measurement of these flavoring depends on your own taste. For example in Thailand they use a lot of chili for having spicy taste. After you finish finding some ingredients and flavoring it is the time to prepare those ingredients before cooking. First you have to wash chicken and then cut it in pieces. You may cut it in rectangular shapes but each piece must not be too thick because it is hard to make it cooked. Next you have to blend chili and garlic together. Then you have to wash basil and choose only its leaf. If you have other vegetables you ought to wash them and cut or chop them in pieces before doing next step. Last step you are in cooking process. In the beginning you have to pour vegetable oil into flying pan and turn on the gas. Next you have to wait until the oil become hot. Then start cooking the blend of chili and fresh garlic and wait until garlic become yellow. After that cook chicken with those flavorings and cook it until chicken become cooked. Soon afterward mix basil and other chosen vegetables if you have with chicken and cook it until basil become dark green. Finally turn off the gas and put the cooked into a dish. In conclusion cooking chicken basil is not too hard. You just have to follow those steps. In fact somebody may have different in details on the way to make but there are three common steps that everybody needs to follow choose ingredients and flavoring prepare them before cook and cooking them. In the end you will have a delicious meat and you will love it.
