ANON_NAME_0 Reading 5 June 29 2007 Vocabulary log 3 Source The Science of Dissent TIME July 10 2000 1. Solicitous adjective being very concerned for somebody and wanting to make sure that they are comfortable well or happy Whatever you chat about he will be solicitous of your opinion. 2. Sanguine adjective cheerful and confident about the future optimistic They are less sanguine about the company's long term prospects. 3. Short change verb to treat somebody unfairly by not giving them what they have earned or deserve America is short changing half its young adults by treating those who don't attend college as failures. 4. Shrewd adjective clever at understanding and making judgements about a situation astute Indeed creationists have become a lot more shrewd. For years they'd propose antievolution laws and lesson plans brimming with religious language. 5. Decry verb to strongly criticize somebody something especially publicly condemn The measures were decried as useless. Source Ending White Flight TIME July 10 2000 6. Painstaking adjective needing a lot of care effort and attention to detail The event had been planned with painstaking attention to detail. 7. Extol verb to praise somebody something very much The school's choir serenaded shoppers while a troop of parent volunteer was on hand with brochures extolling the virtues of a Redwood education. 8. Segregate verb to separate people of different races religions or sexes and treat them differently The school was still largely segregated and year after year its test scores stagnated. 9. Rigor noun the fact of being careful and paying great attention to detail The strategic planning committee increased the rigor of its curriculum asking parents to vote on an academic focus for each of the schools. 10. Blitz noun something which is done with a lot of energy To reach the most disengaged parents the district mounted a full scale media blitz. 11. Balk at verb to be unwilling to do something or become involved in something because it is difficult dangerous etc Many parents may balk at the idea of paying 100 for a pair of shoes. 12. Vigilant adverb very careful to notice any signs of danger or trouble A pilot must remain vigilant at all times. 13. Tout verb to try to persuade people that somebody something is important or valuable by praising them it She' s being touted as the next leader of the party. 14. Apathy noun the feeling of not being interested in or enthusiastic about anything There is widespread apathy among the electorate. 15. Glimpse verb to see somebody something for a moment but not very clearly He'd glimpsed her through the window as he passed.
