It is often said that Japanese like to be included in a group. It is deeply related to agriculture and Japan's small land. In Japan main industry was agriculture for a long time. People had to survive in a very small place and they could not live without cooperation with each other. It was impossible to live alone if they were forced out of the group and people put their priority on the harmony in a group. Such group mentality has affected and regulated our behavior. First people care how other people look at you. When mothers scold their children they say Everyone will laugh at you if you do such a thing. If someone in your family does a bad thing he she would be accused You have brought disgrace on our family. We can say that for Japanese people how others look at and think about you is more important than doing what is right. Second most elementary junior and senior high schools have school uniforms. In school each individual is buried in a group. We tend to think that we should be the same with others because we wear the same clothes and look the same. If you are extremely good extremely bad or different from others you might be forced out of your group. In my case when I was a high school student I had a bad posture because I was tall. Everyone wore the same uniform and I wanted to look the same with others. I didn't want to be spotted in a group. After I graduated from school I don't care any more. I am sure that the same uniform affected my ideas. Third we have very few discussion or debate classes at school. Teachers teach and students study by reading books and memorizing them. How much students memorize and understand them is more important than that students have their own opinions about it. Now everyone knows that we cannot survive internationally in the academic and business world unless we have the skills for debate and presentation. Schools are trying to introduce the curriculum to give students chances for debate. However debate is a kind of conflict between people. Japan is a country where people have tried to avoid conflict especially in front of other people to keep the harmony in a group. It would take some time for the custom of debate or discussion to take root in Japanese society. As these examples show the group mentality has affected Japanese life and behavior and developed Japanese unique culture. People have lived for a long time tying to look the same and have the same level of life with others and checking each other's behavior. That mentality was necessary for the people to survive in a small island country. Although it sometimes makes people feel uncomfortable it gives them a sense of security at the same time.
