How to Brew Like a Barista Every morning most people simply put coffee powder into drip machine and turn on it to obtain a cup of black juice but have we ever wondered that is this black ink a so called coffee. Why can't we get a cup of Starbucks like coffee every morning Today coffee has become a more and more popular beverage in the world. However people are frustrated that they are unable to get a cup of good coffee unless we seek help from famous coffee stores such as Starbucks. Even the real recreational coffee players are suffering from short of specialty coffee. Fortunately the procedures of acquiring a cup of nice coffee are not as difficult as before. Thus nowadays it has become easier for us to get a great cup if we follow three major steps which are coffee beans preparation proper grinding and coffee brewing. At the very beginning we should understand that Coffee beans preparation is the very foundational step to acquire a great cup of coffee. First of all there are so many different coffee cultivars growing in different regions all over the world. Hence we could start trying famous eastes or small farms if we do not know how to start brewing. Then try to remove any unnecessary particles such as sands rocks and damaged beans form green beans. Next we should pre warm our roaster that is a machine to bake green coffee beans into darkly aromatic pearls and then bring green coffee beans into roast. After roast we suppose to have a batch of beautiful roasted coffee. However this is not the last step of coffee beans preparation. For a better cup we should check the appearance of roasted beans again to maintain roast consistency. Secondly Grind the well roasted beans into proper degree of particles is a crucial step in coffee brewing. When the degree of ground coffee was determined the following brewing method is almost fixed. Hence it is important to get beans well ground. Generally speaking there are three major skills to approach this goal. The first priority is trying to choose a right machine. A good grinder could easily and efficiently generate cold coffee powder with high consistency in seconds. Next clean the grinder before we start using it because little remained coffee powder could affect flavor greatly. Finally grind beans into cold powder with proper degree of thickness and be ready for the following coffee brewing. At last it is about time to start brewing a great cup. First of all there are so many brewing methods all over the world such as famous Italian espresso Japanese siphon and American machine dripping. According to the degree of grinding choose a related method. Then pre warm the brewing equipments. Ultimately try to maintain the themo stability of whole brewing system because themo stability maintenance is the very key to achieve a great cup. Coffee has become a more and more popular beverage in the world and it has evolved more than a reinvigorate drink. Since 1970s the concept of specialty coffee or gourmet coffee has been introduced by American hippies more and more people care about its taste than its functionality. Accordingly it is natural and reasonable that people want to get a great cup at home with their very own hands. Unfortunately most people failed to achieve this simple purpose whereas it is not an impossible task. If we stick to the three major strategies which has been discussing above carefully it is not even a hard job. All we have to do is keep practicing and following the procedures. Soon we will not fell frustrate about coffee brewing.
