Topic The effects of culture shock Cultural Shock is not a clinical term or medical upheaval. It is a simply way to describe the nervousness and confusion feelings that a person can undergo when leaving a culture that is familiar to him or her to live in other completely different. Consequently when you move to a new place you must face to many changes. For many people these changes can be overwhelming and negative but in my opinion these changes also can be exciting and stimulating. In addition culture shock is a great opportunity to learn and acquire new perspectives and it can bring several positive effects for example to developed a better understanding of yourself learn customs of other countries and stimulate your personal creativity. Developing a better understanding of yourself is a very positive effect for your personality. Therefore you do not feel forced to change everything what you are because the fact that you are in a new culture. Instead of you forget your culture be able to assimilate the new. Be open mind it to know the new things and to do them. I encourage you to identify the things that are equal and those that are different and remember that the variety is what returns in an interesting people. The fact that you are who are entering in a new culture it does not mean that you are the only one that must learn something. It is useful to teach to other people your own culture it is possible that they do not know much. This will help also them that they know more about you. For example to invite them to your house to enjoy typical dishes of your culture or tell them how you celebrate holydays. Keep in mind that all the experiences of life through which you have happened before arriving at the new country are part of your personality and for this reason you are a special person. Another effect is to learn customs of other countries it would help you to face the anxiety that arises from the transfer to a new place and it is consequence with not knowing what to hope of the new environment. However if you learn things of the new place it will be easier for you to feel comfortable. You investigate what people do to amuse them observe how people interact with others and which things they consider important are. Also it is possible to obtain more information watching television and movies. These mass media will help you to learn the formal language colloquial one and until they will allow you to have some subject of conversation when trying to make a new friend. The subjects of conversation the way in which they are expressed and the importance that they give to certain ideas can differ enough of you are customary. For example the way in which gives the hand to meet with somebody your schedule of meals your position about religion and so on. Do not have you to like everything what you discover of the new culture or you must begin to act of the way in which the others act but when you know what people mean when they are using certain phrases or why getting dressed a way in particular you begin to feel much better. Many people that emigrate from other countries have the ability to positively confront the obstacles of a new environment and they can stimulate their personal creativity. For example to develop a hobby learn to be constructive and be easy on yourself. When you begin to adapt to the new culture consequently you begin to develop abilities that they were not known for you before and can establish new objectives in your life. The key to surpass the cultural shock is to understand the new culture and to find the way to live comfortably in it while you stay loyalty to your values of your own culture. Is important that you are yourself you are not forced to change too much fast or to change too many things at the same time and adapt you to your own rhythm. Everybody must face changes in their lives and perhaps it seems to you that you must happen through more changes than the average of people. You must remember that you will not have problems as long as you manage to maintain what is important for you and you are able to obtain a good combination of the new and old thing. The most important advices are relax rest keep an open mind and have fun!!!!
