The patient suffering from anemia often complains of short breath palpitations general fatigue and so on. Anemia is one of the most common symptoms in various diseases. The definition of anemia is a medical condition in which your blood does not contain enough red cells. Red cells play an important part which carries the oxygen into the whole body. The shortage of red cells causes some bad influences on our organs. Anemia is divided several types by the causes including a lack of iron blood loss and blood related diseases. Iron is one of the blood materials. People are taking it in our bodies by an intake orally. A lot of foods contain it. Therefore an intake of iron shortage or an excess of iron loss brings about a lack of it. For example there are some young women who are strict dieting. They sometimes look pale and feel dizzy. It is obvious that they suffer from anemia. A beautiful figure is important for women but an excess of dieting is dangerous to health. Blood loss often causes from slight to severe anemia. Needless to say having lost a great deal of blood such as traffic accident and having a major operation people suffer from severe anemia. They often need a blood transfusion. Whereas continuity of a small chronic bleeding such as gastric ulcer gastrointestinal malignant tumor menstruation and so on brings about slight anemia. Because it often progresses too slowly to become aware of the symptom people are likely to be slighted it. But we should not forget that an accumulation of a small blood loss has some harmful influences on our bodies. Although the disease rate is low the most important causes of anemia are blood related diseases. They contain acute leukemia malignant lymphoma aplastic anemia hemolytic anemia multiple myeloma myelodysplastic syndrome and so on. These diseases need an accurate diagnosis and a treatment immediately by a hematologic medical specialist. Otherwise they are matters of life and death directly. Anemia is a common disease. However a serious disease is sometimes hidden by it. Therefore if you notice the symptom of it you should go to the hospital to examine the cause. Making sure that whether you have enough amount of iron or not there is a small bleeding or not and you suffer from a blood related disease or not is very important.
