How to write a good paragraph Have you ever written a paragraph I think even if you are not a student in the university you've written a paragraph at least once in your life for sending e mail or sending message to someone. How was your writing a paragraph Was it easy Maybe it was pretty difficult for you to write a good paragraph. In fact almost of people think that telling another person something by writing is difficult but I think it's not true. If you follow these directions you can write a good paragraph easily. Before you start writing make an outline for the purpose of your writing. It will be very helpful for you to choose a main idea and to decide what material you will use to make a paragraph. There are three methods in this step to generate your ideas for making paragraph. At first you can use brainstorming to get some ideas. Brainstorming is very simple and one of the most general methods to express your idea when you prepare to make a paragraph. Before you start writing take a note any idea what you think when you choose a topic. Don't think too much. After that group these ideas on the list and go together or cross out some ideas what you don't need. And then you can make an outline with your items what is provided by your brainstorming. After making an outline you can write a paragraph with topic sentence and supporting sentences that are related with your main idea. In fact making a topic sentence is the most important step in the writing. It should clearly express what the main idea is about your writing. Also it has to not be too specific and not be too general. If a topic sentence is too specific you can't develop into a paragraph because there isn't enough to say about the topic. On the other hand if topic sentence is too general there is too much to say about the topic so you can't make a good paragraph too. After making a topic sentence you have to support it with supporting sentences such as examples or details. They will make it easy to understand what the purpose is in your paragraph and to persuade people who are reading your writing. The last step of making paragraph is revising and editing your paragraph by checking agreements. When you revise your writing you can add new idea that can support main idea more efficiently and eliminate irrelevant sentences. Also you have to edit to correct the grammar punctuation and spelling. Furthermore you have to check agreement of subjects and verbs and agreement of pronouns and nouns. It will help people who will read your writing understand what you are intending through this message or mail. So far I've introduced three directions for making a good paragraph. However it's not only way to make a paragraph but also there are many different ways what are more effective to make a good paragraph. Even though I can't be sure these are the best directions I can be sure what these directions can help you improve your writing skill.
