Topic How to make Maamool Maamool is a traditional stuffed cookie in Saudi Arabia. This dessert is usually served in festivals and weddings. There are many kinds of Maamool depend on the variety of its fill. The fill could be either nut filled or fruit filled. Actually all Maamool can follow the same recipe to get delicious Maamool at the end. Therefore Making Maamool is easy to everyone when they follow these steps and take tips of preparing the Maamool dough filling the Maamool and baking the Maamool. First Preparing the Maamool dough is a fundamental step to have delicious Maamool. The dough contains four cups of flour a cup of fat a half cup of water and one teaspoon of Maamool's spice to have a strong flavor but you can add any available bread spice in your reign bread spice can replace maamool spice as well. Before mixing these ingredients heat the fat and add two whole green cardamom spices to it. Soon afterwards pour the hot fat on the mix of the flour with spice. Then knead the flour with fat and put a few water to complete kneading. Be careful more water makes the dough tough. For the best results you can use electricity dough mixer. As soon as you get soft dough cover the dough and put it in a warm place for eight hours. Now you are ready to make your Maamool. The next step is that choosing one or more kinds of filling with which you like to fill your Maamool. In Saudi Arabia many people prefer to have Maamool with dates which are dried brown fruit with a seed inside. However you can also use nut dough or pistachio dough. If you prefer to make typical Maamool choose date filled of your Maamool. First mix a pot of butter with date dough and then warm it on the stove. Second put one spoon of sesame and roll the date dough to small balls. Finally spread thin layer of the dough on the Maamool cast and fill it with the date ball then close it by removing the extra dough. As you finish you will have about twenty Maamool with date filled. Each one has almost the same size of normal cookie size. At this point you need to bake the pieces of the Maamool. Heat the oven to 400 Fahrenheit degrees meanwhile put these pieces on the baking sheet. One important thing is that entering the Maamool in hot oven for two minutes then low it to 300 degrees and wait for other seven minutes. This way will help keep your Maamool from being cracked. Afterwards remove the pieces of the Maamool out the oven and leave it until it cools down. To have a pretty look of your Maamool spread powder sugar on each one. As with the previous steps you can find simple instructions to have soft delicious Maamool. A few tips of preparing the Maamool dough filling the Maamool and baking the Maamool can really make tasty Maamool. I believe that you can make this traditional desert of Saudi Arabia in your country. Moreover you will be able to develop your own style of Maamool based on those steps of making Maamool.
