The causes of success of garbage recycling in Japan On May 1st 2007 I came to the U. S. From Japan and started to live in Pittsburgh. There were many culture shocks while 2 months but the most shocking thing for me was garbage because I couldn't recycle anything in here. Today garbage treatment is very important problem in the world especially in the developed countries. When I was living in Japan I was trying hard to reduce garbage for two reasons there are many strict ordinances for garbage in my city and purely I wanted to treasure the environment of my country. However I have been throwing away much more garbage for the past 2 months and it has always bothered me. In Fact in the U. S. Each person throws away 2. 1Kg of garbage everyday and this is twice the amount of Japan. I was wondering about why there is such a big difference between U. S. And Japan but later I found one of the answers about it. In Japan some domestic things caused the development of recycling system to be specific success of garbage recycling in Japan was based on geographical features triggered by the economic depression of the 1990's and depended on individual efforts. Fundamentally there isn't enough space for a garbage dump in Japan because it is a small country. Japan is a 10 times more densely populated country than the U. S. In fact according to the report by the government in 2005 the dumping ground in Japan will totally fill with garbage in just 10 years. Since more 20 years ago environmental scientists have been warning about this problem and also concerned about air pollution and soil contamination as effects of garbage treatment. However the government didn't discuss it because garbage recycling costs them too much money. Therefore Japanese people haven't been able to realize how important the garbage problem was for long time. In the 1990s the state of garbage recycling changed dramatically as a consequence of a severe economic depression. The depression continued for 5 10 years and it took away a lot of money and their job from many people. Whereas there were many bad effects of the depression there were a few good effects such as marketing revolution including development of recycling system. The consumer needed cheaper product a used one and a recycled one and that is why the government developed a national recycling system. In1995 the government established some laws of recycling. Consequently the autonomies started to collect garbage by type and some types of garbage that can't be recycled became to require the citizens to pay a fee. For example the garbage that goes to dump costs 2 per 10 litters. Soon afterward the rate of recycled garbage began to increase and the amount of garbage began to decrease. The most important things for success of garbage recycling are individual person and their efforts. Now every Japanese are striving to decrease their garbage. As an illustration in my hometown they have to separate garbage into 16 groups according to type and those are collected in a particular day of the week. This way is very complicated and difficult to understand therefore every citizen has the 18 page leaflet about the classification of garbage and how to throw it away. If someone would mistake the separation of garbage or throw them away on a wrong day public official must find out his her home from the contents of the garbage and give him her a caution. It may seem incredible but my hometown is quite common city in Japan and there are more rigid rules in other cities. The garbage recycling system is very inconvenient for people but amazingly they can understand it completely and is following it. Although these three causes made Japan one of the most successful countries for recycling of garbage the rate of recycled garbage is under 25 and it hasn't reached an aim yet. They must reduce much more garbage for ecology. Meanwhile in the most developed countries including the U. S. Garbage recycling has been promoted in recent years. Actually in some big cities in the U. S. The rate of recycling is higher than Japan. I hope that the garbage recycling become more popular in the U. S. And we will become able to recycle the most of all garbage in Pittsburgh.
