No single personality type applies perfectly to a person but for me one comes closer than all the others. The personality category that fits me most closely is intuitive . First intuitives are people who depend on their immediate feelings about something instead of their past experience. For example my elder brother which is Associate Director in Saudi company has this personality. Moreover I am similar to him. He usually meets with new employees whom it higher by labor office or chamber of commerce. He takes his decision that sometimes support the new employees positively. This personality which is intuitive makes him powerful since he usually uses his own knowledge and back ground to select the good employee to the Saudi company which is located in the Mid West of Saudi Arabia. Using the basics knowledge which is considered tremendous is grateful. Therefore this company which is the best five companies in Saudi Arabia is famous in dairy food. In deed judge the new employee from their resume are not fair. However in some other company is quit fine! To judge the employees by their resume only. It is considered by majority of people that you have to pick the right person to put him in a right place to improve your work which is important to more consumers. Thinker is the second important character of my bother. However sometimes he judges the new employees from their clothes or by how they set in chair or how they catch a pen. He uses his own feels that works to put the best man in the best position though. I sometimes disagree with him to use his own feels which is based on his own feeling to makes final decision to higher new employees even to kick some other employee out. Because feeling is depend on his own feeling for example if he starts his day sad so the decision will be sad as well and vice versa. Therefore making the right environment to all employees including the mangers which are considered by Quality organization is improving of out put that could be the product or work. For instance if you need good product 'A' you have to make the environment of those how work to make it in good environment 'B'. Then product 'A' which comes from environment 'B' is considered a quality product. So these two characteristics apply to my brother and me as well.
