Culture Shock of Time More or less when people first come to United States people may be surprised about different custom between your culture and American culture. Often to some Japanese coming to United States and adjusting to life in United States can be difficult since even the most mundane things could be done differently than they would have been done in Japan so here are some basic facts of United States. Indeed I who come from Japan experienced to be confused about culture gap when I first came to United States as a tourist in 1999. Different expectation about time with respect to public transportation hospital and party between Japan and United States gives me culture shock. This is first obvious factor when I consider difference between Japanese public transportations and American ones. Most of public transportations stations punctually and I might complain to station stuff or require proof of delay in order to turn in office as excuse even if transportations were a few minutes late for schedule. On the other hand in United States people are not bothered about delaying behind schedule additionally even sometimes some transportations do not have run time schedule. Thus I was frequently worried and confused whether I can go to somewhere by transportations punctually. Another reason for the different expectation of time between Japan and United States is waiting time for health care. In most of hospitals in United States we have to wait for medical care such a long time even though it is emergency situation. In Japan as soon as I arrived at hospital and show my ID and insurance card I could take medical care as emergency when I got heavy injured. I can be satisfied about response of hospital. On the contrary in United States I had to wait more than two hours to take medical care even though I showed insurance card and claimed my injury condition. I was annoyed at pain for injury and hospital's correspondence. A final factor is time to come to party. We have to be late about fifteen minute from start time for party when we are invited home party by American. It is polite rule for Japanese to arrive at party place five minute earlier than start time because it is normal custom for Japanese to start on schedule. If I were late for start time I would be regarded as irresponsible person. In contrast I have to delay for start time because hosts who invite people to party frequently are stetting and cooling party meal at start time in short it is awkward for me to arrive at party as Japanese custom. Since I can avoid feeling awkward while they are preparing I should shift clock of minute hand about twenty minute later than Japanese. Considering all of the above factors my surprising experience made me perceive disparity sense of time between Japan and United States. I felt nervous about obscure public transportations service schedule. Until I took medical care time to endure pain in hospital floor as emergency anguished me. Party time has me push back my habitual time. In other words I think that in general when Japanese come to United States they need to change to spend time a little later.
