University of Pittsburgh has a good English language institute. It is an institute to teach English as a second language to non American speakers. The institute is located in Oakland in the Cathedral of Learning building. It is an old institute it is over 50 years old. In addition it has significantly a good reputation. Its reputation not gust in the U. S. It's around the world. For example I heard about it when I was in Saudi Arabia from my friends. I have been studying in it for ten months. As a result I realized why it has its good reputation. I think that's because it significantly has many good things such as having a qualified staff and having good equipment. First from my experience in the ELI I can see that it has qualified staff. One of things makes me say that is the qualified teachers who have been teaching me since last summer. All of the teachers have adequate abilities to teach English as a second language to non American speakers the right way. ANON_NAME_0 for example who is currently my writing teacher has a great ability to deliver the information to the students very clear so the students understand it quickly. I immediately understand anything when she elucidates it. Moreover ANON_NAME_1 who is my reading teacher is a great teacher. He likes to give the students more works than the normal but this is really helpful for the students. They don't realize it until the finish the course because they see how many benefits they gained. In my opinion all of the ELI teachers are qualified and they all have great abilities. The second point is the good equipment that the ELI has. It has several equipments to help the students develop their language greatly. Also having these good equipments helps the students changing the class atmosphere that they are accustomed with. For example the MAC Lab has new computers with excellent options. Every student can go to the MAC Lab and use it for free during the operation hours. In addition the classrooms are comfortable and have cozy chairs so the students feel comfortable inside the class. Also I like the classroom's size it is not very big and not too small. Their size is suitable for ESL courses so the students don't get distracted during the class and be close to the teacher to understand him or her and discuss easily. These features make the ELI a very good institute. In conclusion I think the ELI is the best English language institute in Pittsburgh because of the good staff that it has and the helpful equipments that they use to help the students learn more and more. It has a good reputation around the world as I said above. If you don't trust me try to compare it with other institutes in Pittsburgh and then you will see the difference between it and the others. I gained many benefits from my study in the ELI that I wouldn't gain if I have gone to another ESL institute.
