For people who want to live or study in another country must understand the effects of culture shock. I came from Taiwan and arrived at United States two months ago. In my opinion the three main effects of culture shock are being homesick avoiding contact with others and refusing to accept new changes. There are many parts between Taiwan and United States such as people living style climate etc. So many ethnic groups in United States and I didn't understand how to get along with people have different color of eyes and hairs. In addition I couldn't find my usual food in there. Those really made me feel homesick. I missed the original life in Taiwan and really got pressure to live there. Such a homesick emotion direct impacted my physical situation. I had some pocks in my face and also with some skin problem maybe caused by the climate. The second affect of culture shock is decreasing contact with other people. The main cause is the language problem. Many people like me don't have well ability to speak and listen English. However I have to greet and talk with people everywhere without exception. It was a pity that I almost could not understand what people said in one month ago. I hoped to stay at home alone all day even no to receive any phone. The last one is refusing the new change. Take myself for example there are a lot of new food and vegetables to me and I didn't know how to eat or cook them at first. Sometimes I thought something looked ugly and disgusting then I had no desire to try anymore. The only thing I wanted to do was to find out the similar food of Taiwan. After several weeks later I gradually tried to open my mind to accept to the different food. Those were not as bad as I though and some were even better than what I ate before. Having culture shocks is easy to people who want to live in a different country. They would be homesick and try to avoid contact with native speaker. Sometimes they would refuse to accept the different between two countries but those would make them worse to bad. Overcoming the culture shocks need time and confidence. Opening the mind and try to understand the different culture may be helpful to solve the effects of culture shock.
