In Korea when I was freshman in my university a majority of examinations and books are written by English. It was very difficult to read books and take examinations for me. I sometimes gave up a subject I attended because I could not read English books well and even I lost an interest about my major because of English. At that time I realized that English is a very important thing for me. That is why I decided to learn English in U. S. A. I could select many cities such as California Chicago Boston etc. However I decided to study English in Pittsburgh. There are three main reasons why I decide to learn English in Pittsburgh Portion of Korean students a monetary aspect circumstance The first reason I decided to learn English in Pittsburgh is portion of Korean students. There are few Korean students in Pittsburgh unlike any other cities. Before I came in Pittsburgh I thought that the rate of Korean students is crucial for learning English. If there are many Korean students in city people who go to that city have fewer opportunity to speak English. For example in L. A of California Koreans don't have to speak English because there are too many Koreans in L. A and Korean shops. This fact means that it is hard to talk with native speakers in L. A. On the other hand since there are few Koreans in Pittsburgh Koreans have to speak English to communicate with native speakers when Koreans want to buy something in market and ask questions to other people. Another reason I decided to learn English in Pittsburgh is a monetary aspect. The prices in Pittsburgh are very cheap compared with any other cities. For instance in New York Macdonald Big Mac Hamburger's meal price is about 7 but in Pittsburgh that hamburger's meal price is about 5. And the housing fee is cheap as well. Even The housing fee is much cheaper than Korea. I can save the money while I am studying English. The last reason I decided to learn English in Pittsburgh is circumstance. Once Pittsburgh is very safe. If people lives dangerous place they always might be nervous whenever they come back home. And Pittsburgh also has a good surrounding for studying. There are few playing place around university such as pub bar karaoke etc. So the students can concentrate only studying. University in Pittsburgh has good library and museum as well. These surroundings inspire students to study very hard. The public transportation is convenient. The main places such as universities downtown museums and parks have bus stops and subway stations. People who live in Pittsburgh can go anywhere by the public transportation. Due to these three reasons I selected Pittsburgh to study English. Pittsburgh is an educational city that students can focus on studying English because there are few Korean as well as many native speakers in Pittsburgh. And Pittsburgh has good conditions in aspects of prices surrounding. In Pittsburgh we can study English as we feel safe and save money. Consequently Pittsburgh is a proper city for students who want to study English.
