The reason I decided to learn English in the U. S. Many students decided to study in the U. S. For their short term and long term goals. In spite of the expensive educational expenses students are changing their direction to the U. S. Since the U. S. Offers quite good chances to improve their skills. It could be for learning the language culture to apply for undergraduate and graduate school that will connect to their career or for any reasons. Likewise I am in the U. S. To learn english as the other students. There are several reasons I decided to learn english in the United States including the fact that the U. S. Is an English speaking country it can further my education and my career. The U. S. Is an English speaking country which offers me the best environment to learn english than my country. Actually it is possible to study english in my country. However it takes a lot time to cause good results in english skills because it is short of good environment. It is not easy to study english in a country which I am close to speak write read and hear in Korean everyday. On the other hand the U. S. Is an English speaking country. It is possible to learn english in a natural way as well as the culture. The life is almost all in english. All classes are in english that will upgrade my skills easier. The teachers are upgrading not only my english skills but also my knowledge about the U. S. Culture that will help my first step for my further education. Another reason is for my education. After I am better in academic english skills it will help me to go to a graduate school to learn management in the U. S. Many foreign students decided to study management in the U. S. . Since the U. S. It has a very good system to learn management. It is recognized in our country if I study MBA in the U. S. As well as the education system. Moreover The MBA will help me to make relationship with people all over the world. The students who I am going to study with could be growing up to a very important person which is in a very high position. These will help my career certainly. The last reason is to work in a global company that offers me a very important position. My plan is to work in a company that has relationship with companies all over the world. It could be a korean company or a U. S. Company. A Korean company likes Samsung or IBM. A korean company that is in the U. S. Or a U. S company that is in korea or all over the world. Furthermore I want to grow up to be a professional in my area. That many companies recognize. For these reasons I decided to learn english in the U. S. It is my first step to further my career. Moreover it will further my relationship with people all over the world that started already when I made my first step in the U. S. . The U. S. Offers me the best environment to think global and act global. And then I will be ready to be a necessary person in the future.
