Have you ever been to Korea Korea is located in the Far East just between China and Japan. Korea was a co host of 2002 World Cup Games with Japan and it ranked at semi final which surprised the world. Seoul is the capital city of Korea. It has been the capital city for a long time and thus it is the center of almost every things politics economics education business and cultural activities. In addition the city Seoul is one of the leading cities of Asian developing countries. With the abundant traditional cultural heritage and high technology industries Seoul is getting more and more visitors from all over the world. Now Seoul is one of the most fascinating cities in the world because of its wonderful harmony of old and new. From your very first step you can enjoy modern convenience and freshness at the Inchon international airport which was chosen the No. 1 Airport in the world two years ago. First impression is important to visitors. In this respect Seoul has its merit. The Inchon international airport which is playing an important role in business and tourism is like a hub airport to many other Asian countries. About two million people are using this airport in a day. At the airport you can find the architectural beauty and function are well combined. More specifically its massive geometrical design will make you feel somewhat amazed. It is a huge but very efficient structure. Every system is controlled by computers and you can get any kind of information at nearby computers. In sum you can see and enjoy some of modern attraction of Seoul at the airport. About an hour ride from the airport will take you to the old and well reserved traditional Korean Folk Village. Because Seoul has been the capital city from the Chosun dynasty which existed from 1392 for almost 520 years it still has many historic buildings as well as beautiful palaces and royal houses. You can even find the one of the oldest universities in the world in Seoul. In some classes at the university students are taught by teachers who are in traditional and old fashioned costume. However the area you need to explore the most is the Korean Folk Village where you can see the real life style that traditional Korean people had in the past and you can even experience a part of it. For instance people there will show you how to make various kinds of tools with metal how to make Kimchi the famous Korean traditional food and how to build a house following just the way their ancestors did. If the weather is good you can take a role of a bride or a bridegroom at the customary wedding ceremony which is held outside surrounded by many other visitors. As you can see visiting the Korean Folk Village is a strongly recommended choice to taste the old beauty of Seoul. You can move to the high tech IT buildings from the traditional Korean Folk Village if you want to experience some up to date technologies. Korea is well known as one of the IT powers. Thus you can enjoy every type of advanced Information and Technology based products. For example there are two main companies in the cell phone industry in Korea Samsung and LG. The Anycall phone from Samsung and Prada phone from LG are getting world wide fame. In the buildings you can see the highly advanced and cutting edge technologies which are used to make a cell phone. At the same time you can also find out what the Ubiquitous system is. Only with your cell phone you can do almost everything. More precisely to say you can check your balance at your account and send some money to someone else you can turn on the switch of the air conditioner at your home in advance and even you can talk to someone face to face on screen. These kinds of merits of modern high technology make Seoul more attractive to visitors from other countries. Therefore Seoul as a modern city which has a long history is becoming one of the most visit worthy cities. It is not easy for a visitor to experience both the traditional beauty and the modern technology in one place. In this aspect Seoul is a wonderful selection for you. Make a visit to Seoul and it will be a great and memorable time to you.
