My city Seoul is very crowded and complicated. In Myung dong known as the one of very congested streets with people of Seoul I used to enjoy looking people busily going somewhere in a coffee shop. Every that time interest thing I found about people is that most people can be classified into some categories by their attire which makes possible to guess their information and personality. In other words the attire of people tells about their preference occupation and personality. Firstly clothes often represent preference of people. When I was in Korea I have seen some people who have unique appearances just as pulling out in a comic book. One girl in that group wore a gorgeous dress trimmed with lace and the other boy put on a dress of Ninja Japanese traditional soldier carrying a sword. As I imagined they were doing costume play. The costume play means a performance imitating a costume of main characters in a comic book or a movie. Their costume was apparently exposing a preference enough to be guessed without any mention. Suppose that there is one girl who likes a punk music. She might have a punk fashion or a hair dyed red color. Through her appearance we can enough guess what preferences she has. Clothes can be a hint to guess people's preferences and interests like this. Secondly clothes often reflect occupations of people. In a place filled with high modern buildings it is easily found people dressed up each of whom wears a monotonous suit. On the other hand many of young people worn jeans or mini skirts holding some books often stand out on the street. It shows us that different people can be classified into one class of occupation through their common attire. Unless a special occupation such as a fire officer a doctor or a policeman readily to be able to identify it is not easy to distinguish people's occupation concretely by their clothing. Besides such special occupations however it is available to guess their occupation to some extent. For instance as it is mentioned those people worn a suit must be salary men belonged to some company. Moreover it might be possible to anticipate an atmosphere of their office a degree of sternness according to color of a suit or existence of a tie. Lastly clothes can be one of keys to judge his or her personality. Wrinkleless pants a clean shirt and a stiff collar one of my friends always prefer to wear clothes in those conditions. He is a very clean person and somewhat ha s little fastidiousness. This is one of cases showing us that clothes reflect a personality of people. Besides a degree of cleanness we might be able to judge what kinds of personality a person has through preference of a color detailed or exposure. If some woman pursuits of dark colored dresses which are few exposure she is most likely to be a conservative person. However it can not be said that clothes represent whole personality of people. We can just guess one aspect of whole personality through clothes. Actually there is much of other information we can get about people through clothing. For instance social status religion or ethics will be applicable to that information. However at present when there are no any other distinctions such as status or gender among people clothes stand for individual information a preference an occupation and a personality.
