Nowadays global economy is promoting. People in different countries really need to understand others. In fact different countries do have different culture so many universities provide some courses about cross culture. In my opinion the greatest difference between American culture and Chinese culture is that in some conversations Americans are more directly while Chinese are a little indirectly. That is Chinese tend to express in a roundabout way whereas American don't do that. When we talk about this kind of different three interesting scenarios stand up. When Americans want to ask others do some things for them they always ask directly which is a little impolite for Chinese though. One of my American friends Ryan used to confuse about that. He told me that he once asked a Chinese friend to give him a ride to airport. His friend did what he asked but looked a little worried. On the way to airport Ryan knew his friend had lots of works to do at that day. He said why you didn't refuse me I'd have gone to airport by bus. Hearing his word his friend looked sad even more. Ryan didn't know what's wrong but he though it's his fault. I told him that it is a clear case of culture misunderstanding. Chinese tend to couch their requests in such a way that the person they are talking to can avoid to have to say no directly which is actually an impolite way in China. You could say I'll go to airport tomorrow instead of asking for help directly. Chinese would know it's a request and could tell you he can give a ride to you or just change to another topic if he can't. Chinese do can help the person who asks something directly in some particular case such as the person can't do anything else without the help. However some Chinese have changed to American way to treat Americans but most of them obey this rule between Chinese nevertheless. Another interesting scenario is that American need to use polite words whoever they are talking with while Chinese rarely use them between family members or close friends. You could even judge two Chinese people's relation using this way. If they usually use polite words like thank you each other basically they are not really familiar. In fact the Chinese translation of You are welcome is Mei guan xi which has an original meaning is you don't need say thanks to me and the deeply meaning is it is not necessary to say thanks because you are my friend . Chinese don't say thank you between family members and close friends but appreciate them in the mind and real actions instead of words. Modesty which is thought to be gentle in China is not necessary in American. Most of Chinese tend to avoid showing off their advantages when they talk with others. Moreover Chinese are supposed to say I'm not so good when they are praised by others. If the person who is praised agrees with others' commendation the person would be thought to be bad mannered. An American teacher in ELI once praised my skirt pretty. I said No I don't think so . She looked a little confused and asked me What did your mean If you don't think it's pretty why you bought it After that I have known my reply although it's just a kind of polite words in china is a little weird in America and I am supposed to say thank you for that. There are many differences like these that are well to know for people who could reach the cross culture. Even though most of Americans and Chinese are really nice and won't judge foreigner's behaviors based on their own culture it's still useful to knowing these differences. However in my opinion asking and explaining more are useful ways to deal with culture shock.
