Topic How to make delicious healthy pizza. Pizza is one of the most common foods that many people prefer. As pizza has become more general food a large number of people try to find many ways to eat pizza. Some people go to markets to buy frozen pizza while others prefer to order pizza at delivery services at home. However not many people make homemade pizza. In fact people barely know that one slice of pizza contains more than 300calories. Here is a good recipe to make healthy homemade pizza. Now you can make delicious and healthy pizza when you follow these steps. First be sure with buying fresh ingredients and measuring correctly all of them. Fresh ingredients are related to make your body healthier. Especially when you buy vegetables make sure that you don't buy any rotten vegetables. Measuring ingredients are also important because this step controls pizza's taste. In order to make tomato sauce you have to prepare 3Tbsp. Of butter 3Tbsp. Of olive oil 1Tsp. Of Salt 3Cloves of garlic 1 4 Tsp. Of black pepper 1 Tsp. Of Whole Oregano 1 Tsp. Of Whole Basil 3 Large of yellow onions. You also have to prepare 1 1 4 Oz of active dry yeast 1 1 2 Cups of warm water 110 hem for about 5 minutes in low temperature. . Finally the last step is being punctual while you are baking pizza. You don't want to burn your first healthy homemade pizza. Before you bake the pizza put tomato sauce on all over the pizza dough and put the vegetables and cheese on tope of the sauce. When you are finished with setting the pizza set the temperature 350 degrees and pre hit the oven about 10 minutes. After that you can throw the pizza in the oven and bake it at 350 degrees for 25 to 35 minutes. As you can see it is not very hard to make healthy homemade pizza. You just have to be careful with some of the steps that I mentioned. It might take you some times to make pizza but you can eat delicious taste homemade pizza. When you keep making pizza with these instructions again and again you will never be able to go to markets to get frozen pizza or order pizza at Pizza Hut. Eventually you will get healthier and not worrying about the calories of pizza.
