Every country has a lot of rules that help people to live in a good environment. People follow these rules to make their lives easier comfortable and peaceful. Besides the written rules we also follow some unwritten rules for the same goal. Many unwritten rules which are governed by social ethics regulate our behavior and these rules vary from culture to culture and country to country. Unwritten rules are not enforced by law but people usually follow these rules strictly. In Turkey we have lots of unwritten rules which are very different from the other countries have. Two of which I will explain in the following paragraphs. In the fist place paying tips is not necessary in my country Turkey. Paying tips in the restaurants should be considered by the customers when receiving a service but there are different rules in different countries. Customers usually pay the tips based on the waiters' services provided. If the services are good people usually pay more if not they will pay less or even not pay any tips at all. There are many unwritten rules for paying tips in different countries. For example generally people don't pay tips in Turkey when they go to restaurant. But my last experience in US show that paying tips is necessary in US. In Pittsburgh people usually pay a 10 15 tip in restaurants. In some high class restaurants a 15 tip is automatically included in the bill. It is very strange that customers must pay tips as if they are required to. Last weekend we went to good restaurant in Downtown with my family and we ate a big size pizza. When we prepared to pay bills I asked a waiter who was servicing to our table about the rate of tips. He told me that people usually need to pay a 10 15 of the tip whatever kind of the services they have received. If someone breaks this rule he will be asked to pay more because Internal Revenue Service IRS assumes that waiter will receive at least a 15 tip in addition to his wages. It is very interesting for me. Another example about paying tips in China and Japan. As far as I know people don't need to pay tips in restaurants because there aren't any rules about paying tips. Second giving gift habits in my country is very different from the other countries. People usually show their concern and love by giving gifts to their friends or family members in birthday parties. Some countries have the same rules about certain situations however different countries do have different customs about giving gift. We talked about giving gifts for birthday parties in my school last weekend. I was bewildered by talking about. In US people usually give money for gifts at their birthday parties. Also parents sometimes don't buy presents and they prefer giving money. In my country people usually give clothes shoes and the same things at birthday parties. Especially parents and close relative must give valuable items such as jewelry and watch. Giving money accepts impolite behavior in my country. Actually giving money is good habit but not accept in my country. Sometimes people don't like gifts but don't have to chance to change it. For example my tenth birthday my grandmother gave me a watch but I didn't like it. I have never used this watch. If my grandmother gave me money I should bought a watch which is suitable for me. For this reason sometimes giving money is to be the best gifts. In conclusion all the unwritten rules help us to keep our social life comfortably and happily. We conform to these unwritten rules because they help us to live good society. I try to give some example about the unwritten rules but there are also lots of unwritten rules in other parts of the world. If you travel to other countries and don't want to have any embarrass moments you could check with anyone about unwritten rules in that country.
