How to make rice for sushi Making sushi rice is a very important element if you want to eat authentic Japanese sushi at home. In the U. S some Americans think that sushi rice is the same as regular rice or just using Japanese rice. However sushi rice has a completely different taste from regular rice because making sushi rice has more steps than making regular rice. If you want to eat delicious sushi at home you shouldn't overlook the importance of the rice because it's not difficult. Making rice for sushi is easy when you follow these steps. Before starting to cook prepare kitchen tools and ingredients. You need a deep pan a lid a strainer and ladle as essential kitchen tools and two cups of Japanese rice 100 cc rice vinegar two table spoons of sugar 3 4 tea spoons of salt a 5x5 cm piece of Konbu dried seaweed which becomes a good soup during making rice as ingredients. In this case one cup equals 180cc. The next step is to start cook rice. First of all put the rice in a deep pan pour the tap water to rinse the rice. You will see the water turn into white quickly so immediately strain the white water from rinse because the rice absorbs the dirty water. Rinse the rice at least four times until the water doesn't turn into white. Then strain the water and pour the bottled water in a deep pan. Generally 180cc rice needs 200cc water to make regular rice but you should pour just 180cc water to make sushi rice because you will add liquid elements after the rice is cooked. Next put 5x5 cm Konbu put the lid soak the rice in the water for more than thirty minuets and turn on to high heat until the water boiled. Then turn on to low heat for ten minuets and turn off the heat but you let it continue to steam on the oven for another ten minuets. You can't open the lid from turning on the heat though finishing streaming the rice. It's very important to make delicious rice. The last step is to mix the rice and some ingredients to make sushi rice. At first put the cooked rice into the big bowl sprinkle vinegar around and gently fold the vinegar into the rice with a ladle cooling the rice off by doing so. Sushi rice is very sticky so mix the rice and the vinegar like cutting. While you are mixing it gently you feel your hand heavily to mix it which means the sushi rice is ready to eat. Finally you can eat the delicious rice for sushi if you put sashimi raw fish on it. As you can see you need several ingredients to make it but it's not difficult to prepare and make rice for sushi.
