Educational system in ELI Educational system in English Language Institute ELI is amazing. Since the first time I came to the ELI I was embraced by its staff good hospitalities they were smiling gently and offering their help whenever I met them by my bad English this feeling relieved a lot of pressure and inconvenience that new lonely student might experience in his or her first days. Now after six months of studying at this institute I discovered more complex creative work that ELI staff exerts to keep their first place among other English institutes unreachable. And I figured three elements that ELI uses in order to improve its services towards the students. First evaluating and re evaluating the efficiency of teaching plan as core element needed to reach the students expectations and desires for better education we can indicate this element by many ways for example regular textbooks changing to insure updating of the information which is about to be given Direct supervision of the teaching staff by the management staff at the class time to insure that the teachers are doing their best in teaching and finally frequent studies that management staff do in order to measure the efficiency of the English programs such as computerized well developed programs like REAP GRE and RSA programs which can play effective role in research work as a feedback programs and also as a source of statistical information for any ELI studies. Furthermore technical programs which are implemented to test and improve students English capability. For example REAP Program to test vocabulary understanding and to help to add some new vocabulary. GRE Program to test students' grammar ability in writing and speaking. RSA Program to test speaking fluency. And Independent Learning Program as individual teaching program to help students overcome their weaknesses by themselves. Last thing ELI staff they not only think about improving students English capabilities but also think about their psychological conditions as a very important part of educational plan. For example students' adviser plays very important part to insure that there is no psychological problems interrupt the students from receiving the information and she measures that by many ways but mainly by students' grades and attendances the declining of the student's grade or the increasing of the student's absence are good indicator for psychological problem such as cultural shock and sadness. Thus she usually asks this kind of student to come to her office to figure out the problem and the way to deal with it. In the end if the overall care is the case to choose the right institute taking in consideration the efficiency of the teaching plan the accuracy of modern computerized educational system along with the healthy psychological condition then English Language Institute may be the best choice.
