When I came to Pittsburgh in U. S. About one year ago it was cold even though it was May. I was frustrated because I heard that I didn't need long sleeved clothing or jacket. It was winter for me to live here. Then I met many strange people for me sometimes they made me surprised or interested. Therefore I'd like to talk about three types of people that I have seen and why I was so surprised by them in my essay. First I was surprised by homeless people because they follow others to get money. After 3 days arriving at here I met one homeless guy and he asked me for money so I gave 2 dollar to him. Then I walked again but he was following me and asked me for certain amount of money again. I was freaked out because I haven't seen homeless person like him before and I was alone when I met him. In my country we can meet homeless people in the certain places such as at the entrance of subway or bus station and they are just sitting there or playing musical instruments to get money from others. Sometimes they get into a bus and sell small things such as gum or pen with expensive cost but never follow others. Nowadays I always prepare some money to give them. When I meet them I give it and run away. Even if it looks like ridiculous I would do that because I don't have enough money to spend. Second I was surprised by runners because they are running everywhere. After I got used to my neighborhood and cold weather was slightly gone I could see some people running along the load in the middle of the day and I was wondering why are they running on the load not in a park or gym . I thought they were just few but it was very interesting for me. Then I saw there were many people running and realized that it was just about the cold weather what I mean is they didn't run because it was cold outside. In my country to run we have to go special places such as park river side or gym and especially we don't run in the middle of the day. I think there is no reason for not running on the load in the middle of the day. We just don't do it. Thus one day I tried running to get to the University of Pittsburgh from my home in the middle of the day and it took 30 minutes. Then I felt so great because I could see many beautiful houses and realized why they run along the load. Finally I was shocked by tanning people because they are tanning their skin wearing bikinis on the field on campus. By the time I started going to ELI in the University of Pittsburgh about two months ago I didn't know people tan their skin everywhere but I knew people like to tan their skin in U. S. Because I watched many American movies and dramas in my country. However people in movies or dramas were usually going to the beauty shop or the beach to tan their skin so I didn't know I could see them on the field wearing bikinis. Sometimes I still don't get used to it because I've never seen it before in my country. As a matter of fact I'd always wanted to wear a bikini but I hadn't have courage to wear one. After I saw them I felt like I could try to wear one but I would never tan my skin on the field but on the beach or in the outside swimming pool. I've been talking about three most surprising people for me and sometimes they made me puzzled or interested but I like them. There is an old proverb for adaptation When in Rome do as Romans do . As a foreigner there are many things I have to adapt but so far I couldn't get used to people who were tanning their skin on the field on campus.
