Topic The explosion of the internet Main points 1. Communication 2. Knowledge resources 3. Commerce Nowadays internet plays the important role in the world. The origins of the internet came from the attempt to communicate a computer with other computers in the same organization. After that researchers have been developing this system since then. Now computers from different parts of the world can communicate through the internet and the number of users has been increasing dramatically especially in India. Asia Times reveals India had 4 million regular Internet users by the year end of 2000 resulting in the highest regional growth rate from 1999 to 2000 and representing a 255 percent year to year increase Asia Times online 2001 . There are three major benefits from the explosion of the internet. Communicating from one place to another place isn't difficult at all. Nowadays communications to rural areas can do easily by using the internet. People from urban areas can communicate with people in rural areas by setting up the computer and network in both sides. For this reason the space between people in urban areas and rural areas would be decreased. Also long distance call through the internet has much lower rate price than telephone. Calling from one side of the world to another by using internet is very cheap for example the cost of calling from the U. S. To Thailand isn't much more 0. 0025 Per minute but for telephone the cost of calling from the U. S. To Thailand is much more 1. 00 Per minute. Due to the low rate cost people around the world can talk together much more than in the past. Moreover the internet is used in many companies. Some companies have departments in different area such as factories sale departments and they network to each others by using the internet so they don't need to pay for these connections. A lot of knowledge resources are free in the internet. One resource is Electronic Books or E books. Many writers publish their books in the internet and they feel free to let other use their writing. Due to those E books students can use those E books for their study without any payment. Another resource is Journals. Many specialized journals are available for download in the internet such as medical journals academic journals. Consequently specialists in those subjects would improve their skills by studying from those journals. Furthermore news can be found easily in the internet. It is included in most web ANON_NAME_0. So users can update news all the time they use the internet. Commercial activities have become very popular nowadays because of the internet. First of all customers can choose products which include pictures and product detail in web sites. For this reason they can pick the best one that they want after comparing with others. In addition to the competitions among shopping web sites. They have to compete in price and quality with others. Consequently the customers get the high benefits from these competitions. Besides the payment customers can pay trough the internet which is called E pay. Thus they can buy any products any time they want. The explosion of the internet affects the world many ways. People in different location can communicate to each others easily nowadays. Moreover the internet is center of a lot of knowledge and shopping places. However the internet has both advantage and disadvantage. If users used in the wrong way it would hurt others and themselves. Reference Asia Times online. Internet explosion in India. 3 Aug. 2001. 5 July 2007 ANON URLPAGE
