The effects of divorce on family life are an issue during the past few years. We heard a lot of information from newspapers magazines and televisions. Every time when we knew a family got divorce it always has some problems caused this result. And most of the problems are from the behavior of parents. Also after parents had divorced it will causes many problems. The effects of divorce not only will influence their children but also will effect parents themselves such as single mother and single father are increasing the behavior and thoughts of parents and children will change and the social phenomenon will be different. Due to the rising divorce rate both single mother and single father have increase. According to Giddens Anthony British sociologist Sociology 2001 there is a new theme that became more popular The absent father. Because of many families who got divorce have children when they separated children will go with a parent. And most of the mothers seldom will let the fathers to see their children because of some reasons that fathers used to have the wrong behavior. Fathers have only infrequent contact with their children or lose touch with them altogether. The author goes on to say Some have proclaimed the 'death of the dad'. After one family separated into two their behavior and thoughts also will change. Once one of the parents said I want to divorce the thought of the marriage is wonderful had gone. Both parents might think they are not good at marriage and they would not get married anymore. For their children they might act like their parent. They could possible not be able to trust male female or they might think a pleasant marriage would not exist. Moreover middle class seems to have a high levels of divorce than working class. Families on the Fault Line 1994 Lillian Rubin had said Working class parents tend to be traditional than middle class parents. When the rate of divorce has increase the social phenomenon will be different too. More parents get divorce more problems have come out. Children could become hard to control because the parent needs to go to work. Almost every single parent needs to work all day long and they might not have enough time to educate their children by themselves. The single parent probably will take their children to their parents to take care of them. But usually it would not improved that it is a better way for children to take care by grandparents instead of their parent. The effects of divorce on family life truly has lots of problems. From personal to sociocultural level it influences amount of layers. It might be appropriate for children if parents are not divorce. And it also has some benefits for children to stay with their parents because they can get more educate from home than one parent.
