Vocabulary Log 3 1 Approbation n approval and praise. The approbation that Jerry Lewis received in France included a medal from the Ministry of Culture 2 Arbitrary adjective determined by chance or impulse. When you lack the information to judge what to do next you will be forced to make an arbitrary decision 3 Arbitrate V to judge a dispute between two opposing parties. Since the couple could not come to agreement a judge was forced to arbitrate their divorce proceedings 4 Archaic Adj ancient old fashioned. Her archaic Commodore computer could not run the latest software. 5 Ardor v intense and passionate feeling. Bishop's ardor for landscape was evident when he passionately described the beauty of the scenic Hudson Valley 6 Articulate adj able to speak clearly and expressively. She articulates her pro labor views so clearly that unions are among her strongest supporters. 7 Attenuate Adj reduce in force or degree weaken. The Bill of Rights attenuated the traditional power of government to change laws at will. 8 Austere V severe or stern in appearance undecorated. The lack of decoration makes Zen temples seem austere to the untrained eye. 9 Banal V predictable boring. His conversation consisted of banal phrases like 'Have a nice day' or 'another day' 10 Bombastic Adj pompous in speech and manner. Mussolini's speeches were mostly bombastic his boasting and outrageous clams had no basis in fact. 11 Burgeon V to grow and flourish. Faulkner neither confirmed nor denied stories about himself allowing rumor to burgeon where it would. 12 Burnished V to polish. He burnished the silver coffee pot until it shone brightly. 13 Candid Adj impartial and honest in speech. The observation of a child can be charming since they are candid and unpretentious. 14 Castigate V to punish or criticize harshly. Americans ate amazed at how harshly the authorities in Singapore castigate perpetrators of what would be only minor crimes in the United States 15 Catalyst N something that brigs about a change in something else. The imposition of harsh taxes was the catalyst that finally brought on the revolution
