High unemployment rate is still a big problem for some countries. If it is high it must be solved so that people can live in good condition. In Turkey Statistic Institute of Turkey TUIK reported TUIK employment statistics Marc 2007 Unemployment rate reached 10 percent and it means there are 2 5 million unemployed people in Turkey. High unemployment rate influence a lot of things such as living standards social peace and brain drain. First of all having high unemployment rate reduces living standards. For example unemployed people have a lot of difficulties to buy food and clothes. Besides they cannot spend money for entertainment such as going to theater cinema and vacation. TUIK also stated TUIK Consumption Expenditures Statistics 2006 Entertainment and social expenses in Turkey continue to decline . These expenses compared with total expenses this rate decreased and reduced under 10 percent TUIK Consumption Expenditures Statistics 2006 . Therefore unemployment rate is very important to improve living standards. On the other hand high unemployment rate also affects social peace. As unemployment rate increases criminal events also enlarges. According to datums of the Ministry of Law people who lose their job tend to crime. Hence unemployment rate is significantly important to provide social peace. Last but not least one of the most important effects of high unemployment rate is brain drain. Developing countries such as Turkey cannot create new job opportunities for hgh educated people. For this reason this people move from their counties to developed countries that they can find a job easily. According to datums of TUIK According to Educated Level Employment Statistics March 2007 in Turkey Although the unemployment rate is 4 4 among illiterate people this rate is 9 5 among high educated people who graduated from universities. Consequently countries that have a high unemployment rate are face to face to lose their high educated labour force. In conclusion high unemployment rate is one of the most important economic problems in Turkey. This situation leads to reduce living standards increase to commit an offense and escape from this country. Citations TUIK Employement Statistics March 2007 TUIK Consumption Expenditures Statistics 2006 Ministry of Law of Turkey Judicial Record and Statistic General Directorate Judicial Statistics 2006 YUKSEL Ihsan Research of Social Results of Unemployment Model of Ankara C.
