Learning a second language is beneficial to you. For example when you want to come up to any place in the world you hope to speak their language. On the other hand when you want learning the second language you'll opposition several mistakes. I can categorize the mistakes when you learn second language difficult accent different grammar and meaning of word. First of all people usually Facing problems such as an accent I mean when you learn any language your accent will not able to understand what they say and they can't understand what do you say because you learn traditional language not same the language that people is speaking in the country. It is similar but not the same. So that is one mistake I think anyone studies second language will facing accent problem. Second different grammar I think the grammar is superior in any language and the grammar often is different from other grammar. Such as some grammar in some languages have object and other languages don't have this. It's make to some people mistake when they want to speak because they wont to specific grammar and they study now different grammar it's make to their a lot of problems when they speak also. Third actuality in the some languages a word has different meaning. Maybe good work or bad word. For example if you say the word be using different accent maybe any one who native language heard it bad word. On the other hand some words are meaning different in a sentence if it come first the sentence or in the middle or in the end. It has different meaning so someone if heard you what did you say probability he couldn't understand what do you want so it's a big mistake in my opinion. In conclusion have you ever tried to learning second language If yes which the mistakes that are made to you problems and make comparison between what I said and what were the mistakes do you have. If your answer no I suggest to you be careful from two things grammar and meaning of word. They are more necessary than other things in the language.
