My city Seoul is very crowded and complicated. In Myung dong known as the one of very crowded streets of Seoul I used to enjoy looking at people busily going somewhere from a coffee shop. Every time the interesting thing I found about people is that most people can be classified into some categories by their attire which makes it possible to guess their information and personality. In other words the attire of people tells about their occupation personality and preference. Firstly clothes often reflect the occupations of people. Unless someone has a special occupation such as a fire officer a doctor or a policeman readily to be identified it is not easy to distinguish people's occupation concretely by their clothing. Besides such special occupations however it is available to guess their occupation to some extent. In a place filled with high modern buildings we can easily find people dressed up each of whom wears a monotonous suit. On the other hand many young people wearing jeans or mini skirts with some books often stand out on the street. This shows us that different people can be classified into one class of occupation through their common attire. For instance as mentioned those people wearing a suit must be salary men belonging to some company. Moreover it might be possible to anticipate an atmosphere of their office a degree of sternness according to the color of the suit or existence of a tie. Secondly clothes can be one of the keys to judge a person's personality. Wrinkleless pants a clean shirt and a stiff collar one of my friends always prefer to wear clothes in those conditions. From these facts we might get information that he is a very clean person and somewhat fastidious. This is one case showing us that clothes reflect a personality of people. Besides a degree of cleanliness we might be able to judge what other kind of characteristic a person has through preference of color detailed or skin exposed. If some woman is reluctant to wear low cut dresses she is most likely to be a conservative person. However it can not be said that clothes represent whole personality of people. We can just guess one aspect of whole personality through clothes. Lastly clothes often represent preferences of people. When I was in Korea I have seen some people who have unique appearances as if pulled out of a comic book. One girl wore a gorgeous dress trimmed with lace and the other boy put on a dress of a Ninja a Japanese traditional soldier carrying a sword. As I imagined they were doing a costume play. The costume play is a performance imitating a costume of main characters in a comic book or a movie. Their costume was apparently showing a preference about Japanese animations or comic books. Suppose that there is one girl who likes punk music. She might have a punk fashion or a hair dyed red color. Through her appearance we can enough guess what preferences she has. In this way clothes can be a hint to guess people's preferences and interests. Actually there is much of other information we can get about people through clothing. For instance social status religion or ethics will be applicable to that information. At present however distinctions by clothes which represent status or gender are almost disappeared unlike past. Modern clothes stand for more individual information such as an occupation a personality and a preference.
