There are many different languages in the world. Knowing a second language can give a person a chance to be in the leading. This advantage could be used almost any where. Today there are many jobs and occupations that require a second language. Even simple every day jobs can profit from knowing a new language. So learning a new language is very difficult because every on has the native language in his bran as a basic system. So if we want to change this background we should spend a lot of time to do that. For example I am learning English now. It has taken years so far and I still feel like I have so much to learn. However one thing I am worried about is learning a new language by the wrong way. There are a lot of mistakes that new language learners make while they are learning a new language these mistakes can be divided into three kinds Fear hard work and translation. There are a lot of learners don't want to try speaking until they are confident that they will say it perfectly. Learning a foreign language is so difficult and required a lot of work it doesn't matter how big your mistakes the thing that it dose matter is how big you are practicing and speaking. Imagine you are a baby When you were a baby you didn't say anything correctly but everyone had got the idea of what you were saying and didn't make fun of you. In fact they cheered and were excited at the simple fact that you were trying. You have to practice and make mistakes otherwise you will never gain fluency. Sure you might fall at mistakes who cares but each time it will get better. The hard work is the backbone of learning a new foreign language. Make sure you are willing to spend more time and effort studying a new language. Many of the learners a new language thought that if they had got some skills and knowing about the language they stopped continuing. So by the hard work you will get the experience. Experience is the key to be a successful language speaker and it depend on two very important factors which are time and repetition. My advices to you to keep up a good work red more participate at the activities volunteer write more practice listening ask a lot study with friends notice your grammar mistakes and practice every where. Many learners like to translate the word first before reading the whole sentence or paragraph. We have to know the meaning of the word from the text first. Then at least figure out some information about the word and see if you can guess the meaning of the word. Also some of the learners like to write the meaning of the word between the lines of the text but this way doesn't help you learn the words in new language. However Try to force you self to read without trying to translate every word and this way will help you become more comfortable figuring out the language on your own. Finally to become truly fluent could take years or a lifetime and that doesn't mean you can't enjoy the advantages of learning a foreign language now. You can communicate with others make new friends travel and enjoy the arts and cultures from that language. So first don't be shy from speaking mistakes. Second study hard and be patient. Third use the write way for translation. The result you will enjoy learning a new language.
