Topic Are You Studying a Second language Today the world can be defined as global. This means countries can easily trade with each other and if you want to sell a product you should think not only about the world's trends and style but also how important it is to learn a second language. Especially my country Korea's industry is based on trade. Thus many people come to America to learn English as a second language. I'm just one of them. While I was studying in America I found some features about people who are studying a second language in the United States. Even though people want to make progress with their English skill everyone can't achieve the goal because they use some wrong strategies. There are three types of mistakes people make when learning a second language the first is many students always talk in their native language despite living in the United States the second mistake they don't like studying grammar or vocabulary but do like to learn by speaking or doing activities the last one although they like studying they are too shy to talk with a native speaker. The first group always use their native language despite living in the United States. In this case they socialize only with their own nationality and even though they are living in another country they want to just use their own language except during class time or when buying cigarettes. Most of these students are like this because their parents press them to come to the United States to improve their English skills even though the students don't want to go to another country. Thus they are not interested in learning English. They miss their country and culture. Most of the students in this group are young. The next group they would rather learn English by talking or doing some activity. The difference is in this group people are interested in learning English. In this case most of these students are in their twenties. They enjoy parties and they have many social meetings with native speakers. They can improve their English skill because they can freely make conversation with native speaker however they can't achieve their goal. Someday they will recognize the limits of their English skill. Learning a second language requires a base of speaking listening grammar writing and reading. They only study a part of speaking and listening. They disregard the other parts. The last group even though like studying they are too shy to talk to a native speaker. This group is opposite of the second group. They are also interested in learning second language but whenever they finish their classes they go straight to the library. They spend all their time studying in library. They don't like to participate in any kind of activity such as soccer games or parties or drinking. They are afraid of meeting native speakers because they are too shy to talk native speaker. Even though they will improve their writing grammar and reading skills their speaking and listening skills will not progress. This group of students is commonly over thirties. In conclusion certainly to learn a second language is one of the hardest things in life because people have lived with a different language all through their lives. If one wants to learn a second language they must be determined to learn a second language but also have a good strategy. I think the best strategy is to combine the characteristics of both group two and group three. Are you studying a second language Do you want to improve your skill in a second language Which group do you belong to
