It is often said that the Japanese like to be included in a group. This preference is deeply related to agriculture and Japan's small land. In Japan the main industry was agriculture for a long time. People had to survive in a very small place and they could not live without cooperation with each other. It was impossible to live alone if they were forced out of the group and people put their priority on the harmony in a group. Such a group mentality affects and regulates our behavior. First people care about how other people look at them. For example when mothers scold their children they say Everyone will laugh at you if you do such a thing. If someone in your family does a bad thing he she will be accused You have brought disgrace on our family. In this way for Japanese people how others look at and think about them is more important than doing what is right. Second most elementary junior and senior high schools have school uniforms. School uniforms have a great influence on the Japanese group mentality. Each individual is buried in a group in school because students wear the same clothes and look the same. They tend to think that they should be the same as others. If they are extremely good extremely bad or different from others they might be forced out of their group. In my case when I was a high school student I had bad posture because I was tall. Everyone wore the same uniform and I wanted to look the same as others. I didn't want to be noticed as different from in a group. After I graduated from school I didn't care any more. I am sure that the same uniform affected my ideas. Third we have very few discussion or debate classes in school. Teachers teach and students study by reading books and memorizing them. How much students memorize and understand them is more important than students having their own opinions. Now everyone knows that we cannot survive internationally in the academic and business world unless we have the skills for debate and presentation. Schools are trying to introduce the curriculum to give students chances for debate. However debate is a kind of conflict between people. As Japan is a country where people have tried to avoid conflict especially in front of other people to keep the harmony in a group it will take some time for the custom of debate or discussion to take root in Japanese society. As these examples show the group mentality has affected Japanese life and behavior and developed as a unique part of Japanese culture. People have lived for a long time trying to look the same and have the same level of life with others and checking each other's behavior. That mentality was necessary for the people to survive in a small island country. While it sometimes makes people feel uncomfortable it gives them a sense of security at the same time and it will be difficult to change to fit in with the global life we all now lead.
