Types of mistakes Japanese make when learning English When people start learning a second language they have the common mistakes such as syntax grammar pronunciation. If they are adult they make more mistakes. Because they have already acquired their first language they always tent to compare second language to first language. It causes people make mistakes. For Japanese English is a second language which is a required subject at junior high school and high school. Therefore it's good to know for Japanese that what kinds of mistakes they will often make when learning English. Since I've been studying English in the U. S I realized that there were three types of mistakes Japanese especially adults who have learned it in Japan make when learning English pronunciation syntax grammar. First of all pronunciation is a big problem and trouble to communicate with a native English speaker. In English there are several sounds which don't exist in Japanese such as F TH and V. There sounds are pronounced with a tongue putting between your front teeth. However Japanese have never pronounced like that. A tongue always stays inside the mouth when Japanese pronounce all Japanese sounds. SO when Japanese want to order coffee in the caf bAnila . Actually they don't have the same sound as B and they have the intonation of a in va of vanilla. So I've heard many sad stories that they didn't have vanilla ice cream for dessert. Even though they started to learn about it at junior school it's very hard for over twelve year old students to practice new sounds. Because it's said that the muscle around the mouth and the tongue has already stiffed during acquiring Japanese they has lost the muscle to pronounce the sounds which don't exist and are not used for twelve years. Therefore they have to practice the new sounds many times and wake up the lost muscle around the mouth. Even if they are adults they can acquirethe sounds which are different from ones in Japanese such as F TH V B K and R. The next type of mistakes is syntax especially word order. In Japanese Object comes after subject so verb comes the end of a sentence. On the other hand verb comes just after subject in English. Moreover in Japanese they modify noun which includes object from not before but behind. Therefore If Japanese want to say that I had some chicken for dinner with my friends at restaurant yesterday they tent to say like this I yesterday at restaurant with friends for dinner some chicken had. In addition to this how to reply to the negative questions is the most confusing mistake which most of the Japanese learners make. For example when someone asks Japanese that Don't you know that they will answer Yes which means as they don't know it. Because In Japanese they answer like this Yes I don't know it. Even though they learned how to make a sentence in English they tend to translate directly Japanese into English. That's why this kind of mistake often happens for Japanese adult learners. To avoid this mistake don't think what you want to say in Japanese and don't translate it into English directly. The third type of mistake is grammar. There are two typical mistakes which Japanese make. One is article which is one of the most difficult part to acquire English because there is no article in Japanese. Therefore they always skip it or they are confused to use it. For instance when they want to say that I can see a dog on the street they say I can see dog on street. English speakers might understand that I can see dog on street but I've heard it sounds like childish. In addition to a or an the is the most confusing part in article. For example rive or mountain takes not a but the so Japanese just memorize all of them. These mistakes often happen among Japanese during and after learning English as a second language. Actually they realize that their English is not understandable one to English speakers when they go to English speaking county such as Australia Canada the U. S and England. At school in Japan teachers don't point out these mistakes so most of Japanese are shocked that the native English speakers don't understand English which Japanese say. Therefore during learning English Japanese should recognize what kind of mistake they often make and what is important to practice to communicate with native English speakers. In order to learn English correctly these are very important for Japanese to know.
