Traditional Chinese Music in Taiwan Traditional Chinese instruments have been around for thousands of generations during more than 5000 years of Chinese history. Chinese instruments were used for Traditional Chinese orchestra performances theater opera and other musical activities. In the modern Chinese society the rise of Western instruments such as piano and violin caused some decline in people's interest in Chinese instruments. About 20 years ago in the 1980's several city governments in Taiwan decided to provide money to raise the interest once again. The city governments' actions 20 years ago had 3 main effects including forming several music schools nurturing talented music students in challenging competitions and reviving people's interest in Chinese music today. Before 1988 there were already students studying Chinese instruments in elementary school. However there were not many students. The city government of Kaohsiung City Taiwan my hometown started to spend money and consequently formed a school called Experimental Music School for Chinese Music. The government was not sure how people would react to the formation of this school therefore they called this experimental music school. Not only my school was formed but several other schools also followed because people's interest was high. I was one of the first students to join in this experimental school for Chinese music. As a result of the formation of the schools the schools started to hire Chinese musical instrument teachers and recruit and nurture students. The students applied to the schools took an IQ exam and performed an instrument of their usually piano or violin. Students performed piano or violin because they were common and basic instruments that most students already knew how to play especially piano. Piano is the instrument that includes a lot of basic knowledge and skills of music. Also it would be really helpful if students had already known how to play piano. Students were recruited based on their IQ exam scores and music abilities. They then learned to play different Chinese instruments. The instrument I played was called Pi Pa. Pi Pa is a string instrument with 4 strings. It is equivalent to the guitar but they still have many differences. It is played using nails attached to fingers. After years of practice I competed in individual competitions and won championships several times in Taiwan because of my hard work. Students also formed Chinese orchestras and performed in city and then national competitions. In 1992 my school orchestra won the championship in all of Taiwan as a consequence of our teachers' great teaching and our excellent team work. The city governments' investment 20 years ago has also revived the interest in Chinese music for Taiwanese people today. People in Taiwan now think learning Chinese instrument is as important as learning Western instruments. If someone can play a Chinese instrument it is actually a very special thing due to so many people playing piano or violin. Talented Chinese musicians now perform in many concerts both solo and in orchestras. Chinese music is now a large part of Taiwanese culture. 20 Years ago experimental schools for Chinese music were first formed. Today there are many more elementary schools junior high schools senior high schools and even universities that have Chinese orchestras. Because of the rising number of students who decide to learn Chinese instruments every year there is a lot of competitions for different levels from elementary school to university. Just like China there are many talented Chinese instrument players in Taiwan now. The government did a very wonderful job and now Chinese music is a very important part of Taiwanese culture.
