Nowadays the global economy is boomingand people in different countries really need to understand others. In fact different countries do have different cultures so many universities provide some courses about cross culture. In my opinion the greatest difference between American culture and Chinese culture is that in some conversations Americans are more direct while Chinese are a little indirect. That is Chinese tend to express themselves in a roundabout way whereas Americans do not. When we talk about this kind of difference three interesting scenarios stand out. The major problem in this kind of difference is about request. When Americans want to ask others do some things for them they always ask directly which is a little impolite for Chinese. One of my American friends Ryan used to be confused about that. He told me that he once asked a Chinese friend to give him a ride to airport. His friend did what he asked but looked a little worried. On the way to airport Ryan knew his friend had lots of work to do at that day. He said Why you didn't refuse me I'd have gone to the airport by bus. Hearing his words his friend looked sad even more. Ryan didn't know what was wrong but he thought it was his fault. I told him that it is a clear case of culture misunderstanding. Chinese tend to couch their requests in such a way that the person they are talking to can avoid having to say no directly because that is actually impolite in China. You could say I need to go to the airport tomorrow instead of asking for help directly. A Chinese person would know it was a request and could tell you he could give a ride to you or just change to another topic if he couldn't. Chinese do want to help the person who asks for their help directly but they feel that person will not be able to do anything without their help. This makes them feel pressurized. However while some Chinese have changed to the American way with Americans most of them keep obeying this rule between Chinese. Another interesting point is that Americans need to use polite words whoever they are talking with while Chinese rarely use them between family members or close friends. You could even judge two Chinese people's relation in this way. If they usually use polite words like Thank you to each other basically they are not really familiar. In fact the Chinese translation of You are welcome is Bu ke qi which has an original meaning is You don't need say thanks to me and the deeper meaning is Because you are my friend it is not necessary to say thanks . In other words Chinese appreciate family members and close friends in the mind and real actions instead of saying thank you directly. On the Contrary Chinese often use another kind of polite words which have other meaning for Americans. Modesty which is thought to be gentle in China is not necessary in American. Most Chinese tend to avoid showing off their advantages when they talk with others. Moreover Chinese are supposed to say I'm not so good when they are praised by others. If the person who is praised agreed with others' commendation the person would be thought to be bad mannered. An American teacher in ELI once praised my skirt saying it was pretty. I said No I don't think so . She looked a little confused and asked me What did you mean If you don't think it's pretty why did you buy it After that I have known my reply although it's just a kind of polite words in China is a little weird in America and I am supposed to say Thank you for that. There are many differences like these that are good to know for people who could reach a cross cultures. Even though most Americans and Chinese are really nice and won't judge foreigner's behaviors based on their own culture it's still useful to know these differences. However in my opinion traveling or living in other country are good chances to learn different culture while asking and explaining more are effective ways to deal with culture shock.
