Mistakes of Second language Learner I am a second language learner and living in the U. S. To study English. There are 150 students in our school. These all students have a dream their English get similar to native speaker. Second language learner study grammar reading writing listening and speaking. They try their knowledge what they learned in real world but it is not always good. A lot of mistakes are embarrassed them. There are three types of mistakes of second language learner vocabulary mistakes pronunciation mistakes and grammar mistakes. First of all we can see easily vocabulary mistakes. This mistake happens when people choose inapt vocabulary. There are numerous words in the same meaning but using in a different situation. Therefore choosing a suitable vocabulary is not easy for second language learner. I have a fun experience about vocabulary mistake. A few weeks ago I attended a speaking class. We talked about our house so I introduced my house. I said My favorite place in my house is restroom because it is perfect secret place to memorize vocabulary. It is very effective for me. Also I can take a shower in my restroom so I am relaxed there. Then my teacher laughed loudly. My teacher told me that a restroom means public place and a bathroom means private house place. I thought about a woman who takes a shower at the restroom not bathroom and memorize vocabulary there in which people were waiting in line. It looked crazy. This mistake is caused by weak vocabulary so second language learner should strengthen their vocabulary capacity. In addition second language learner usually makes a mistake about pronunciation. This mistake occurs when people have a problem with pronunciation. This is because it is difficult to pronounce some specific letters counting on their mother's tongue. For example most Korean have a difficulty to distinguish between saying F and saying P . Sometimes pronunciation mistakes make a fun situation. There is a perfect example of this. Last semester my Korean friend Mr. Park introduced himself Just call me Fark . It sounded like Just call me Fuck! Just imagine a situation that a person who really wanted to be called Fuck . We was not able to stop laugh. This pronunciation mistakes take long time to fix it. Finally a person who learn a second language makes grammar mistakes. This is happen when people are confused grammar structures. This is grammar looks like mathematics but unfortunately there are a lot of exceptions. From my own experience I was confused about negative questions. A few months ago I went to swimming pool and a female student asked me Would you mind if I shared your line I said friendly Yes. Sure! Then her face turned dark and asked next line. I heard carefully their conversation. She asked the same question to a man and the man said No! Of course not. I found out later it was a negative question so I had to say negative answer if my answer was positive. The grammar mistakes is the biggest mistake because it changes original meaning. As I have mentioned above mistakes of second language learner are divided three types. First mistake is vocabulary which people choose unfit. Second mistake is pronunciation that people pronounce differently from its own sound. Last mistake is grammar which people are confused grammar structures. Someday I hope I will overcome all these mistakes.
