Educational system in ELI The educational system in the English Language Institute ELI is amazing. Since the first time I came to the ELI I embraced by its staff's good hospitality they were smiling gently and offering their help whenever I met them with my bad English. This feeling relieved a lot of pressure and inconvenience which new lonely student might experience in his or her first days. Now after six months of studying at this institute I had discovered more complex creative work that the ELI staff exerted to keep their first place among other English institutes . Mainly there are three elements that the ELI uses in order to improve its services towards the students. First evaluating and re evaluating the efficiency of teaching plan is their core element to reach the students expectations and desires for better education. We can see this element in the ELI in many areas for example regular textbook changing to insure updating of the information which is about to be given direct supervision of the teaching staff by the management staff during the class time to insure that the teachers are doing their best in teaching and finally frequent studies that the management staff do in order to measure the efficiency of the English programs such as computerized well developed programs like the REAP GRE and RSA programs These can play effective role in research work as feedback programs and also as a source of statistical information for ELI studies. Furthermore technical programs which are implemented to test and improve students' English capability are will designed to achieve this goal. For example the REAP Program tests vocabulary understanding and helps to add some new vocabulary. The GRE Program tests students' grammar ability in writing and speaking. The RSA Program tests speaking fluency. And the Independent Learning Program which is individual teaching program helps students overcome their weaknesses by themselves. Lastly the ELI staff not only thinks about improving students English capabilities but also thinks about their students' psychological condition as a very important part of the educational plan. For example the students' adviser plays very important part to insure that there is no psychological problems interrupting the students from receiving the class lessons she measures that by many ways but mainly by students' grades and attendance. The declining of the student's grade or the increasing of the student's absence are good indicators for psychological problems such as cultural shock and homesickness. Thus she usually asks this kind of student to come to her office to figure out the problem and the way to deal with it. In the end if the overall concern is the case to choose the right institute taking in consideration the efficiency of the teaching plan the availability of modern computerized educational system along with the healthy psychological condition then the ELI may be the best choice because ELI graduates competitive students students able to speak write and read accurately in both levels academic and non academic level making almost no gap between the native American student and the ELI foreign student in English capability.
