When I came to Pittsburgh in U. S. About one year ago I haven't thought about there would be some people I had to be get used to because I had been watching many American dramas and movies in my country. And I came here two times when I was twenties. However as I've been living in the U. S I met many strange people for me sometimes they made me surprised or interested then I realized that it is different living here from travel here. Therefore I'd like to talk about three types of people that I have seen and why I was so surprised by them in my essay. First I was surprised by homeless people because they follow others to get money. 3 Days after arriving here I met one homeless guy and he asked me for money so I gave 2 dollar to him. Then I walked again but he was following me and asked me for certain amount of money again. I was freaked out because I hadn't seen homeless person like him before and I was alone when I met him. In my country we can meet homeless people in the certain places such as at the entrance of subway or bus station and they are just sitting there or playing musical instruments to get money from others. Sometimes they get into a bus and sell small things such as gum or pen with expensive cost but they never follow others. Nowadays I always prepare some money to give homeless people in U. S. When I meet them I give it and run away. Even if it looks ridiculous I do that because I don't have enough money to spend. Second I was surprised by runners because they are running everywhere. After I got used to my neighborhood and cold weather was slightly gone I could see some people running along the road in the middle of the day and I was wondering why they are running on the road not in a park or gym. I thought they were just few but it was very interesting for me. Then I saw there were many people running and realized that it was just about the cold weather that is they didn't run because it was cold outside. In my country to run we have to go special places such as park river side or gym and especially we don't run in the middle of the day. I think there is no reason for their not running on the road in the middle of the day. We just don't do it. Thus one day I tried running to get to the University of Pittsburgh from my home in the middle of the day and it took 30 minutes. Then I felt so great because I could see many beautiful houses and realized why they run along the road. Finally I was shocked by tanning people because they are tanning their skin wearing bikinis on the field on campus. By the time I started going to ELI in the University of Pittsburgh about two months ago I knew people liked to tan their skin in U. S. Because I watched many American movies and dramas in my country but I didn't know people tan their skin everywhere. However people in movies or dramas were usually going to the beauty shop or the beach to tan their skin so I didn't know I could see them on the field wearing bikinis. Sometimes I still am not get used to it because I've never seen it before in my country. As a matter of fact I had always wanted to wear a bikini but I hadn't have courage to wear one. After I saw them I felt like I could try to wear one but I still would never tan my skin on the field but only on the beach or in the outside swimming pool. I've been talking about three most surprising people for me and sometimes they made me puzzled or interested but I like them. There is an old proverb for adaptation When in Rome do as Romans do . As a foreigner there are many things I have adapted to but so far I haven't gotten used to people who were tanning their skin on the field on campus. However I could get something important and I would call it courage for I could think about to wear a bikini. If I live only in my country I couldn't think about wearing it. Thus I want to live in many different countries to see people how they live their lives.
