Culture Shock of Time When foreign students first come to the United States they may be surprised about different custom between their culture and American culture. Often to some Japanese coming to the United States and adjusting to life in the United States can be difficult since even the most mundane things could be done differently than they would have been done in Japan. Indeed I who come from Japan experienced confusion about a culture gap when I first came to the United States as a tourist in 1999. Spacifically different expectations about time with respect to public transportation hospital and party between Japan and the United States give me culture shock. The first obvious factor when I consider difference between Japanese public transportation and American ones is. Most public transportation trains subways and buses rarely run according to the time schedule in the United States. In Japan I think that it is normal that transportation comes to bus stops or train stations punctually. Furthermore I could complain to station staff or require proof of delay in order to turn in office as a excuse even if transportation is a few minutes late. On the other hand in the United States people are not bothered about delaying behind schedule. For instance it was annoyed me when a bus was fifteen miniutes late for schedule in Boston but Americans did not mind the situation. When I asked an American satting next to me why the bus was late he said Do not mind. The bus will come to here in the near future. I also aked him why you are not botherd about it. His answer surpirised me because he said Ameriacan transportation hardly runs according to the time schedule so that Americans can afford wating for it. If you will go somewhere by transportation you should consider ten or fifteen minitues late in advance. I had never thought that transportation is usually late so I recognized that Americans do not mind transportation's delay. In Fact even sometimes some transportation does not have run time schedule. Thus I am frequently worried and confused about whether I can go somewhere by transportation punctually. American public transportarion changes my belief that public transportation is always faithful to schedule. Another reason for the different expectation of time between Japan and the United States is waiting time for health care. In most hospitals in the United States we have to wait for medical care such a long time even if it is emergency situation. In Japan as soon as I arrived at a hospital and showed my ID and insurance card I could take emergency medical care when I got heavy injured. I could be satisfied about response of hospital. On the contrary in the United States when I broke my left collarbone on soccer game I had to wait more than two hours to take medical care even though I showed insurance card. Additionally even though I claimed that I could not endure my pain the reception had me sit on seat and did not call a doctor. I was annoyed by my pain and the hospital's respondence. The disparity in urgent care response made me recognize American expectations are far from Japanese. A final factor is the time to come to a party. We have to be late about fifteen minutes from start time for party when we are invited to a home party by the American in contrast it is a polite rule for Japanese to arrive at party place five minutse earlier than start time because it is normal custom for Japanese to start on schedule. If I were late for start time I would be regarded as irresponsible person. However in the United States since hosts who invite people to party frequently are preparing and cooking party meals at start time I have to delay my arrival in short it is awkward for me to arrive at a party five minitues early as is the Japanese custom. In order to avoid feeling awkward moment when hosts are preparing I should shift the clock about twenty minutes. The my surprising experiences have me perceive a disparity sense of time between Japan and the United States. I felt nervous about obscure public transportation service schedule. Until I took medical care time to endure pain in hospital floor as emergency made me angry. Party time has made me push back my habitual time. In other words I think that in general when Japanese come to the United States they need to a little delay thier lifestyle that they spend in Japan.
