Every country has a lot of rules that help people to live in a good environment. People follow these rules to make their lives easy comfortable and peaceful. Besides the written rules we also follow some unwritten rules for the same goal. Many unwritten rules which are governed by social ethics regulate our behavior and these rules vary from culture to culture and country to country. I have been living in the US for two months. In this period I have learned lots of unwritten rules which are very different from my country Turkey have two of which I will explain in the following paragraphs. In the first place paying tips in restaurants should be considered by the customers when receiving a service. Customers usually pay tips based on the waiters' service. If the service is good people usually pay more if not they will pay less or even not pay any tips at all. In my country people don't need to pay tips in restaurants because there is no rule about paying tips in other words paying tips is not compulsory in my country. On the other hand my last experience in the US showed that paying tips is necessary in the US but tips rate vary from city to city. In Pittsburgh people usually pay a 10 15 tip in restaurants. In some high class restaurants a 15 tip is automatically included in the bill. It is very strange that customers must pay tips as if they are required to. Last weekend we went to a good restaurant in Downtown with my family and we ordered a big size pizza. When we got prepared to pay bills I asked a waiter who was servicing to our table about the rate of tips. He told me that people usually need to pay a 10 15 of the tip whatever kind of the services they have received. If someone breaks this rule he will be asked to pay more because IRS Internal Revenue Service assumes that waiter will receive at least a 15 tip in addition to his wages. After this explanation I paid 50 for bill and I left him 7. 5 For tips but in Turkey I would have left him only 50 for bill. Secondly people usually show their concern and love by giving gifts to their friends or family members at birthday parties. Although there are some commonalities different countries do have different customs about giving gift. Giving gifts habit in the US is very different from my country. When we talked about giving gifts for birthday parties in my school last weekend I was bewildered by talking about it. I found all that in the US people usually give money instead of buying presents at their birthday parties. Also parents sometimes don't buy presents and they prefer giving money. In my country people usually give clothes shoes and similar things at birthday parties. Especially parents and close relatives are expected to give valuable items such as jewelry. Giving money is thought to be impolite behavior. In fact even though giving money is not acceptable in my country I think it is a good habit. Sometimes people don't like gifts but they don't have the chance to change it. For example on my tenth birthday my grandmother gave me a watch but I didn't like it. I have never used that watch. If my grandmother had given me money I could have bought a watch which is suitable for me. In conclusion all unwritten rules help us to keep our social life comfortable and happy. We obey these unwritten rules because they help us to live as a good society. I tried to give some examples of unwritten rules but there are also a lot of unwritten rules in the US which I did not mention here. If you travel to the US and don't want to experience any embarrassed moments you could check with a familiar person about unwritten rules in the US.
