Topic kinds of doctor. Medical treatment has been developed in this society. And people frequently go to see doctors or go to hospital when they are injured or have illness. Doctors take care of people to be healthier. They get through hard training in order to be good doctors. They work very long and irregular hours. As people have many different part of body there are many different fields of doctors. There are two kinds of doctors Surgeon and Physician. First Surgeon is the doctor who actually fixes a person's organ. They are specialized in the treatment of injury disease and deformity through operations. They also use variety of instruments. They correct physical deformities repair bones and tissues after injuries. They sometimes perform the surgeries for preventing illnesses. Although many surgeons perform general surgery they choose to specialize in a specific area. One of the most specialties is orthopedic surgery the treatment of the musculoskeletal system . There are neurological surgery treatment of the brain and nervous system cardiovascular surgery otolaryngology treatment of the ear nose and throat and plastic or reconstructive surgery. Surgeons also examine patients perform diagnostic tests and counsel patients on health care for preventing. Secondly Physicians is the doctor who examines patients obtains medical histories and orders performs and interprets diagnostic tests. They care for patients on diet and health care. Physicians work in one or more of several specialty fields such as anesthesiology caring surgical patients and pain relief family and general medicine contact for people seeking health care general internists diagnose and provide non surgical treatment for diseases and injuries of internal organ system general pediatrics health of infants children and teenagers obstetrics and gynecology women's health and psychiatry mental health . They usually work in small private office. Some of the physicians are related to health care organization. They work as a team for coordinating care. Doctors get through very difficult training when they go to undergraduate school and medical school. It's not a easy job to take care of peoples' health. It is true that they get high salaries. However they have difficult working condition. Over one third of full time physicians and surgeons work 60 hours or more a week. Only 8 percent of all physicians and surgeons work part time. Physicians and surgeons have to run between office and hospital in order to take care of their patients. They are willing to bear with the pressure of working hours. Now they have huge effect on medical advanced. As you can see they seriously have effected on our lives in medical way.
