Before I came to Pittsburgh I had heard that driving in U. S. Is much easier than in Korea. I sometimes imagined driving on the highway at high speed or driving through between a bunch of buildings without traffic jams. Moreover I expected driving in U. S. Would give me a convenience. It is true driving in Pittsburgh give me a lot of advantages like not wasting time to wait for buses carrying plenty of stuff at once or traveling to the distant areas easier. However before being familiar with several driving regulations in Pittsburgh I spent a certain amount of effort and time to cope with them. Driving in Pittsburgh is difficult for newcomers before being aware of driving regulations. First of all unfamiliar signs and lanes make driving in Pittsburgh difficult. For example the stop sign which is the eight sided and red colored sign wasn't familiar for me. When someone told me to stop at the stop sign I didn't notice what she explained. After a few days I finally found the strange sign at complex intersections. In fact at an intersection with a stop sign you must stop first. If the cross car comes earlier than you you have to wait for cross cars' passing. Likewise if you come to the intersection earlier than others you can go ahead after stopping. Even if there are no cars around you you have to stop before the stop sign. In fact in case of one of my friends she got a ticket of 200 after ignoring the stop sign at Waterfront Mall despite there being no traffics. In addition to the stop sign you can see the unique sign the center lane left turn only at the Waterfront Mall. The highway in front of the Waterfront Mall has this lane on the center of the highway. If you want to turn left you have to enter this lane in the middle of the highway and wait for the left turn. You have to be careful because you might be approached by cars in same lane. Moreover there are many one way signs. The newcomers who don't know road situations can't cope with those one way roads easily. Especially Penn Circle Avenue the eastern Pittsburgh and downtown have many one way roads. For example the Fifth Avenue and the Forbes Avenue are the longest one way roads from down town to Oakland. If you are a newcomer you have to be prepared for the one way signs which appear suddenly. Moreover if you drive around Pittsburgh you want to park somewhere as well. However parking is somewhat complicated for newcomers in Pittsburgh. You never stop stand or park your cars in some cases such as within 15 feet of a fire hydrant within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection in front of a public or private driveway or within 30 feet of any flashing signal or stop sign according to Pennsylvania's driving laws. Furthermore in order to street park you have to be good at parallel parking because most of the roads in Pittsburgh are kind of narrow. Another reason that make parking complicated is the different system to pay parking fees. You can pay parking fees by meters standing on the streets. Most meters in Pittsburgh accept only quarters except Oakland with the parking machines. Parking fees vary depending on the area. The closer to downtown the more expensive the parking fees are. If you forget or ignore inserting coins you can get a ticket of 10 20. After adapting to several signs and lanes and the parking regulations in Pittsburgh you have to know about car inspection so as not to violate safety regulations. Cars must have a safety inspection performed at an authorized inspection station every 12 months. On the driver's side on the front glass of the car there is the date when your car must be inspected again. For instance in my case my husband and I didn't know about the inspection absolutely. When someone noticed our inspection date the date on my car was March 30th. In spite of realizing the date my husband has delayed the inspection until March 29th. On the very last day to be able to get the inspection the inspection stations were full of cars waiting for inspection. Fortunately we could get inspection of my car as a favor of the dealer who operates a inspection station near Pittsburgh. If we didn't realize the inspection date and receive help of the dealer we could get a ticket of a lot of money. In short to be good at driving in Pittsburgh you have to know about new signs and lanes parking regulations and inspection rules to maintain your car safely and legally. Although there are many different kinds of new things to drive from newcomers like me those several examples are the most important by reflecting my experiences. Therefore if you realize those regulations in advance you can adapt driving easier and enjoy your driving in Pittsburgh.
