Types living options for students There are three types of living options for students with their family with a roommate or alone. Each of the students should be live in and quite place. That is very important for them because they can spend very much time for studies. While the students are living with their families they are always getting an easy life. Therefore their families clean cook and wash for them so the students have a lot times. If the students have a lot times they can study more and more and take times for relaxing. Often the families spend and pay for the students so the students shouldn't take care of money and don't need part time job. That is students don't have problem with money because they do not a lot of money. When student live with family he she get a trouble free life. When the student lives with a roommate the student needs to dept his her self. Therefore when the student starts to live with a roommate the student has abdifferent life. First the student should do all what the student needs in his her life. For example the student cleans house washes clothes and cooks food Second the student has part time job because the student needs some money. Therefore the student doesn't have a lot time for studied. If the student lives with roommate the student should organize the times. If the student lives alone that it is very difficult. The student spend a lot of money because the student doesn't share with someone when the student buys what he she needs sash au food renting apartment northern cable TV and elcter. When the student has any problem in his her apartment the student doesn't have anyone to help him. For example if the student sick and anyone doesn't know and him hers the student maybe died. Other hand while the student is living alone the student has a lot time for studied. So the student live alone sometime is good and sometimes is dad for student. I think anyone of the students should think about what it is good for them. Tat is very important because the student can deseed for him her self. For example I used to live with my family family roommate alone. The best place was by I had lived with my family. Therefore they took for me didn't spend a lot of money shared he life with someone I love tem and the love me and I had a lot time for my studying. So the student should think about it and the student deseed what is it is good for him.
