Anemia is one of the most common symptoms in various diseases. The patient suffering from anemia often complains of shortness of breath palpitations general fatigue and so on. Anemia is a medical condition in which your blood does not contain enough red cells. Red cells play an important role and carry the oxygen to the whole body. A shortage of red cells causes some bad influences on our organs. Anemia is divided into several types by the causes including a lack of iron blood loss and blood related diseases. Iron is one of the materials in blood. People take it in our bodies orally. A lot of foods contain it. Therefore someone who does not take enough foods which contain iron falls into anemia. For example there are some young women who are strict dieting. They sometimes look pale and feel dizzy. It is obvious that they suffer from anemia. A beautiful figure is important for women but an excess of dieting is dangerous to health. Blood loss often causes from slight to severe anemia. Needless to say if one loses a great deal of blood such as a traffic accident or a major operation people suffer from severe anemia and they often need a blood transfusion. Whereas a small chronic bleeding such as gastric ulcer gastrointestinal malignant tumor menstruation and so on brings about slight anemia. Because it often progresses too slowly to make a patient aware of the symptom people often neglect it. But we should not forget that an accumulation of a small blood loss has some harmful influences on our bodies. Although the rate of occurrence is low the most important causes of anemia are blood related diseases such as acute leukemia malignant lymphoma aplastic anemia hemolytic anemia multiple myeloma myelodysplastic syndrome and so on. These diseases need an accurate diagnosis and immediate treatment by a hematologic medical specialist. Otherwise they are matters of life and death. Anemia is a common disease. However it sometimes hides a serious disease. Therefore if you notice the symptom of anemia you should go to the hospital to check the cause. Making sure whether you have enough iron or don't have enough iron there is a small bleeding or no bleeding and you suffer from a blood related disease or don't suffer from it is very important.
