University of Pittsburgh has a good English language institute. It is an institute to teach English as a second language to non American speakers. The institute is located in the Cathedral of Learning building in Oakland. It is an old institute it is over 50 years old. In addition it has well significantly reputation. Its reputation not just in the U. S. But it is around the world. For example I heard about it when I was in Saudi Arabia from my friends. I have been studying in it for ten months. As a result I assimilated why it has its good reputation. Most significantly it has highly qualified teachers and helpful equipment. First from my experience in the ELI I can see that it has highly qualified teachers. One of the things makes me say that is the qualified teachers who have been teaching me since last summer. All of the teachers have adequate abilities to teach English as a second language to non American speakers the right way. ANON_NAME_0 for example who is currently my writing teacher has a great ability to deliver the information to the students very clearly so the students understand it quickly. I immediately understand anything when she elucidates it because his way she has an interesting way to teach and she also try to explain every single point. Moreover ANON_NAME_1 who is my reading teacher is a great teacher. He likes to give the students more work than the normal but this is really helpful for the students. Lots of work makes the students keep and touch with what they have been studying. They don't realize it until the finish the course as soon as they see how many benefits they gained. These are just two of the ELI teachers who are qualified all of whom have great abilities. The second point why the ELI is a really good institute is the good equipment that it has. For example the MAC Lab has new computers with excellent options. Every student can go to the MAC Lab and use it for free during the operation hours. Moreover there is some computer programs like the RSA a program let you speak to the computer and the teacher can listen to it and give you feedback and the GRS program others. I gained many benefits from my study in the ELI that I wouldn't have gained if I had gone to another ESL institute. Overall it is the best choice for people who want to study English as a second language.
