Most couple is married when they love each other and they are sure their mate to get married. After get married more pass time more and more couples are getting divorce and negative effects spread with the divorce. Recently the number increases more then before few years. I often see a report of divorce on the news. I feel sorry when I hear about it. The people's divorce has had three important effects and causes. First of all they have to consider with children before think about divorce. Divorce has negative effects on children. When they divorce their children feel dissatisfaction infelicity and depressed. Because changes their life have negative effect on changes in living patterns. Children have qualification for their parent's protected and love while they're growing up. That's too important for children with their personality and emotion. They have to be responsible their children so they have to take care of their children's health and try to give them and education is necessary for a good life. Second of all one of cause is changing woman's roles stress in modern living and lack of communication which are highlighted below. The first significant cause of recent divorce is that women completely change in roles. In the past men have to earn whole money to afford the expense of family whereas woman only do housework hence women have no money leading to depend on husbands' money. Because of these situations it is too difficult for most women to separate from their husbands. Another cause to confirm the recent increase in divorce rates is stress in modern living. Many people who live in the world they have considerable pressures to earn money. Finally I think the other cause is that they have a wide gap of personality between couples. They don't know the each others dissimilarity in character still they are married. And they feel that disparity in personality when several years pass away. Then they are thinking that living with her or him is a very hard thing. And they get divorced. The Result they hurt their mind with pain. And they have much stress to meet people again. Impulsive frivolous divorce is suffered more damage into family. So they have to make decision circumspectly. Some person advised to someone who is thinking about divorce. You need to be able to look at your life as whole and decide if it is good or bad. You also need to look at every possible aspect of your relationship with your spouse and see if the good outweighs the bad or if the bad outweighs the good. Sometimes your judgement is clouded when you only focus on the good or only on the bad. The bottom line is to do what you need to do to have a more fulfilling and happy life.
