Attitude Decides Attitude toward studying is the key of being a good student. In fact attitude affects our studying and life greatly. Knowledge is surely vital and required when we are looking for a job. However good knowledge background does not mean everything. Generally speaking we are not learning knowledge in school and everyone should learn problem solving skills as well. Actually problem solving ability is almost equivalent to our attitude when we face difficulties in our lifetime. I believe that people who have positive attitude seem to build problem solving skills faster. The fact that attitude is so crucial to us I think that it is a perfect chance to train ourselves when we are students. Today in school we can categorize students into three major groups lazy students ordinary students and diligent students. Lazy students are considered an irresponsible group to their study. Most of them have similar characters which are frequently absent in classes delay to their homework and failed in exams. Some people could say This is not a big deal. Everybody did this when they were a student. However bad attitude might stay with them when they eventually need to find a job. Employers may doubt about their ability to do jobs and this will not only hurt their wallets but also damage their pride Ordinary students might sometimes be lazy but they stay disciplinary in most situations. Most of us are in this group. Though we might be a little naughty occasionally but we are willing to following rules. As a result managers do not need to watch them all the time instead bosses only straighten the obvious mistakes not frequently. Students who have good attitudes toward studying are recognized as diligent students and they have become rare and rare because being a diligent student is so difficult. They need to spend more time to do homework well pass each exam and participate in each class punctually. Thus being a diligent student is really an energy consuming job. No wonder that few people are willing to be diligent students however they get not only A from each course. During the period of training they have been learning time management and self discipline thus they had transformed into leaders. As a result when CEOs need to find leaders to control their businesses diligent people are always the best choices. Positive attitudes and bad attitudes are skills could be changed or developed. Hence do not ever give up if you are a lazy student. It means that you have more space to evolve. Likewise being ordinary is not an acceptable excuse to stay unchanged. If people stop moving on they are more likely to sink slowly. As for diligent ones there are more and more international challengers now thus there is no room for slowing down. Keep going ahead.
