Student type separated by my point of view Students have a duty to do that is study. Study needs several factors such as concentration diligent and student's point of view. Students can be separated by each character into three groups rule following students individual students and careless students. First rule following students are a group of students that do everything follow by their teachers. Students in this group usually are diligent and they concentrate on their lesson. Some of them just try to have a good score and they do not care about knowledge they get. In the one hand they would get a good score and they rarely have problem with their teachers. In the other hand they might be lack of creative and have hard time to apply the lesson that they learn because they never think by themselves. Next regarding individual students students of this type usually have cynical relationship with their teachers. They try to break every rule which teachers invented and they are not interested in schoolwork. They argue with their teachers about why they study very often. Even though students of this group often study by their own and they often work hard to study on the lesson. The pros of this type are they could apply what they learn better than first group and they often have some new point of views that make them understand the lesson better than others but the cons of this type are they get troubles with their teachers and might get bad score. Finally students in the last group are totally different from two groups that mentioned before. Students of this group just want to play around with their friends and do not interested in study. Some of them have already planed their own future or were planed their future by their parents. For example I have a friend whose family owns a company. They were already planned his career for the future. So my friend was not interested in any lesson. He gave me a reason that why he did not care about study. It is because he did not think that the lessons related with his future career. The advantages of this group are they have an own viewpoint and have already a future career but the disadvantages are they might get into troubles in the future when they work and they might not graduated. In the conclusion each group has advantages and disadvantages. There are many factors that divide students into each group. Although No matter which group of students is they should concentrate in everything that they study. I think every lesson will help you in the future. So every student should be diligent.
