The causes of success of garbage recycling in Japan. On May 1st 2007 I came to the U. S. From Japan and started to live in Pittsburgh. There were many culture shocks for the first 2 months but the most shocking thing for me was garbage because I couldn't recycle anything here. Today garbage treatment is a very important problem in the world especially in the developed countries. When I was living in Japan I was trying hard to reduce garbage for two reasons first there are many strict ordinances for garbage in my city and second I simply wanted to treasure the environment of my country. However I have been throwing away much more garbage for the past 2 months and it has really been bothering me. In fact in the U. S. The average person throws away 4. 6Lb 2. 1Kg of garbage everyday and this is twice the amount as in Japan. I was wondering about why there is such a big difference between the U. S. And Japan but later I found out one of the answer. In Japan some domestic things caused the development of the recycling system geographical features the economic depression of the 1990's and individual efforts. Fundamentally there isn't enough space for a large garbage dump in Japan because it is a small country. Japan is 10 times more densely populated than the U. S. In fact according to a report by the government in 2005 the dumping ground in Japan will totally fill with garbage in just 10 years. For more than 20 years environmental scientists have been warning about this problem and they also concerned about air pollution and soil contamination as effects of garbage treatment. However the government didn't discuss it for a long time because garbage recycling costs them too much money therefore Japanese people couldn't realize how important the garbage problem was. In the 1990s the state of garbage recycling changed dramatically as a consequence of a severe economic depression. The depression continued for 10 years and it took away a lot of money and jobs from many people. Whereas there were many bad effects of the depression there were a few good effects such as a marketing revolution including a development of the recycling system. Consumers needed cheaper products a used one and a recycled one and that is why the government developed a national recycling system. In1995 the government established some laws of recycling. Consequently the municipality started to collect garbage by type and some types of garbage that can't be recycled came to require the citizens to pay a fee. For example the garbage that goes to a dump costs 2 per 10 liters. Soon afterward the rate of recycled garbage began to increase and the amount of garbage began to decrease. The most important things for success of garbage recycling are an individual person and their efforts. Now every Japanese is striving to decrease his her garbage. As an illustration in my hometown they have to separate garbage into 16 groups according to type and those are collected on a particular day of the week. This way is very complicated and difficult to understand therefore every citizen has an 18 page leaflet about the classification of garbage and how to throw it away. If someone mistakes the separation of garbage or throws it away on the wrong day the public official must find out his her home from the contents of the garbage and give him her a caution. It may seem incredible but my hometown is a quite common city in Japan and there are still more rigid rules in other cities. The garbage recycling system is very inconvenient for people but amazingly they can understand it completely and are following it. Although these three causes have made Japan one of the most successful countries for the garbage recycling the rate of recycled garbage is under 25 and we haven't reached our goal yet. We must reduce much more garbage for ecology. Meanwhile in the most developed countries including the U. S. Garbage recycling has been promoted in recent years. Actually in some big cities in the U. S. The rate of recycling is even higher than in Japan. I hope that the garbage recycling becomes more popular in the U. S. And we will become able to recycle most of all garbage in Pittsburgh.
