People who want to live or study in another country must understand the effects of culture shock. I came from Taiwan and arrived at United States two months ago. The two counties have quiet different cultures customs and habits. In the beginning I really felt something which were stranger and made me uncomfortable then I had some culture shocks. In my opinion the three main effects of culture shock are being homesick avoiding contact with others and refusing to accept new changes. There are many different between Taiwan and the United States such as language people life style climate etc. For example so many ethic groups in the United States and I didn't know how to get along with people who have different eye and hair color. In addition after I started to cook for the meal I found that it was difficult to buy the similar food vegetable or sauce in supermarket there. I had many problems and question wanted to ask but I couldn't express and comprehend well. That was frustrated me. For those reasons I felt homesick and really missed my familiar life and food in Taiwan. Fortunately I knew some students also came from Taiwan and have lived in Pittsburgh more than one year. They went outside with me gave me some instructions and shared with their experience. Those were good way to help me adapt this new environment. The second affect of the culture shock is decreasing contact with other people especially is caused by the language problem. Many people like me don't have enough ability to speak and comprehend English well. However I have to greet and talk with people everywhere without exception. I was afraid to receive the phone calls with English. It was a pity that I almost could not understand what people said at all one month ago. At that time what I only wanted to do is to stay at home alone after class. However I always told myself not to avoid going outside and I need to overcome the problem. I forced myself to go shopping at least twice a week and participate into some activities such as TGIF culture exchange meeting and talk time. I made myself to be used to get alone with people and practiced English anytime. The last effect is refusing the new change. Take myself for example there are a lot of new food and vegetables and I didn't know how to eat or cook them at first. I just hoped to find the similar food of Taiwan there is no place to put and I don't want to use clothes dryer anymore. I tried to cook and dry the clothes by my own way but those made me feel different with others. However after several weeks later I gradually tried to open my mind to accept the new change. Those were not as bad as I imaged and some were even better than what I did before. Having culture shock is easy to people who want to live in a different country. It is easy to feel lonely hope to go back the hometown and deal with things as the same way before. Overcoming the culture shocks need time and confidence. Opening the mind and trying to understand the different culture may be helpful to solve the effects of culture shock. I did that and that really worked.
