The reason I decided to learn English in the U. S. Many students decide to study in the U. S. For their short term and long term goals. In spite of the expensive educational expenses students are changing their direction to the U. S. Since the U. S. Offers quite good chances to improve their skills. It could be for learning the language culture to apply for undergraduate and graduate school that will connect to their career or for any reasons. Likewise I am in the U. S. To learn English. There are several reasons I decided to learn English in the United States including the fact that the U. S. Is an English speaking country it can further my education and my career. The U. S. Is an English speaking country which offers me a better environment to learn English than my country. Actually it is possible to study English in my country but it takes a lot of time to cause good results in English skills because it is short of good environment. It is not easy to study English in a country in which I speak write read and hear in Korean everyday. I learned English in middle and high school. However it was difficult to see that my skill got better. I think one of the reasons was that I spend the rest of my time in Korean. It was not easy to change my brain to think English which is really important. I had experience in that when I spoke German for 10 years. On the other hand in the U. S. It is possible to learn English as well as the culture in a natural way. I can try to think in English because my life is almost all in English. All classes are in English that will upgrade my skills easier. The teachers are upgrading not only my English skills but also my knowledge about the U. S. Culture which will help further my education. Another reason is for my education. Many foreign students decided to study management in the U. S. Because the U. S. Has a very good system to learn management. After I am better in academic English skills it will help me to go to a graduate school to learn management in the U. S. If I study management in the U. S. It will effect an advantage to get in a company. It might help to get a better position and more chances in promotion. When I study MBA in the U. S. As well as the education system it is recognized in our country. Moreover The MBA will help me to make relationships with people all over the world. The students who I am going to study with could be grow up in a very high position. These will certainly help my career. The last reason is to work in a global company that offers me a better chance to work with companies all over the world. I am not sure to talk about my future because it doesn't exist now. But my plan is to work in a company that has many relationships with companies as well as people. It could be a Korean company or a U. S. Company. For example my company named '3ksoftware' will establish a company here in Pittsburgh. It is working now with the CMU together. My company invented a program that might change many things on internet and the CMU is very interested on this program. Moreover my company will work in few months with the Booing company to check this new system. After many years it will work not only with U. S. Companies but also with companies all over the world. However the problem is that only few people are prepared to deal with international companies. I might work in my company and prove my skills because I am prepared in English as well as management. Finally I want to to be a professional in my area. For these reasons I decided to learn English in the U. S. It is my first step to further my career. Moreover it will further my relationship with people all over the world that started already when I made my first step in the U. S. . The U. S. Offers me the best environment to think global and act global. And then I will be ready to be a necessary person in the future.
