The position of teachers in China For most Chinese who are not teachers teaching is a good job now because the salary of teachers have increased quickly since 2004 and there are a total 3 month vacation with pay every year. However when you talk with teachers you can find more and more teachers want to quit their jobs and think they are very unhappy and feel large stress in their jobs. There are 3 main reasons in China why more and more teachers want to quit their jobs including the stress of the job the attitude of students and their parents to teachers and the public opinion about teachers. Teachers feel stress due to the heavy work the stress of students' grades and the long work time. In China the number of students a teacher teach are too many usually 110 to 140 students per teacher. As a result teachers not only need to prepare class teach class study new knowledge and improve the skills of teaching but also need to spend a lot of time to correct homework solve the problems of students and meet some students' parents. On the other hand a teacher's salary and reputation directed relate to the grade of their students. As a teacher you must be skillful and have to do all you can to have your students gotten a good grade. However it's not enough because the competition between students is so intense in China and most students have to study from 7 30am to 9 30pm. In other words the work time of a teacher will be longer than it. It's really a busy and stressful day. Another important reason leading to teachers want to requite is the attitude of students and their parents to teachers. Many students don't respect their teachers and more and more conflict accidents between teachers and students have been reported by the media. The most dire example is a high school student who killed his teacher just because the teacher always takes away his novel in class. It makes many teachers afraid of supervising their students. Some parents don't cooperate with teachers to teach their children. They think teaching kids is the duty of teachers or they don't want to blame their children because they dote on their children. The Public opinion about teachers is also unjust. Many people think all teachers only want to earn money because some teachers set up remedial classes. They think students' quality gets worse just because the teacher didn't give a good instruction. If teachers manage their students loosely they criticize teachers for not having responsibility. On the other hand if teachers manage their students strictly and cause conflict with students they criticize teachers for punishing students at first. From the above reasons one can see that it's really hard for teachers in China. I think education is the duty of teachers parents and society not just teachers. Also the work is heavy and the work time is long like now. If we give teachers more understand and less blame our education will get better and teachers will love their jobs.
