United States is one of the most important countries in the world and has too many opportunities for the people such as good jobs excellent education good medical services although too expensive and the things like clothes cars food are cheaper than other countries because there is a good economy. Also there are a lot of beautiful places to live like Pittsburgh Washington Seattle New York etc. But for me the three main reasons why I decided to live in the US are to learn English to study in a good university and to get a good job. One of the main reasons to live in the US is to learn English. I have studied English in my country and it's good but if I want to speak English better I need to practice with people that speak English too. I think that learn English is the most important reason because if I want to do more things here the communication is the most important thing. And why did I choose the US Well this is because I'm from Mexico and is easier for me to move here than other country. My second reason to live here is to study in a good university. The United States has the best universities in the world like Harvard Stanford University of Pittsburgh Carnegie Mellon and more. I want to study in a university from the US because the education is better than in my country and I can be more prepared so I can find a better job. But sometimes for foreign students study here is too expensive. In this case you can get a scholarship if you are an excellent student and it's easier to pay the expenses. My last reason to live in the US is to get a good job because I learned English and studied in a good university. I prefer to work in the US rather than in Mexico because the salary is better paid in the United States. Also the economy is stronger and I can gain in dollars. These are only a few reasons I have to live in the United States but can have more although sometimes it's difficult to be far of your family or your friends. I know that if you do an effort to be more prepared you will have more success in the life.
