Essay The effects of culture shock Culture Shock is not a clinical term or medical disruption. It is simply a way to describe the nervousness and confusion feel that a person can undergo when leaving a culture that is familiar to him or her to live in a completely different culture. Consequently when one moving to a new place you must face many changes. For many people these changes can be overwhelming and negative but in my opinion these changes can also be exciting and stimulating. In addition culture shock is a great opportunity to learn and acquire new perspectives and it has had several positive effects on me during my stay in ELI for example I have developed a better understanding of myself learned customs of other countries and stimulated my personal creativity. Developing a better understanding of myself has been a very positive effect for my personality. I do not feel forced to change who everything what I am because of the fact that I am in a new culture. Instead of forgetting my culture I have been able to assimilate a new one. I have been open mind it to know the new things and to do them. I have identified the things that are equal and those that are different and remembered that the variety is what makes people interesting. The fact that I am experiencing a new culture does not mean that I am the only one that must learn something. Now I want to show to other people my own culture. It is possible that they do not know much about my culture. This also will help them to know more about me. For example I have invited them to my house to enjoy typical dishes of my country and they told me that these dishes were very good and they were surprised about the way that I made them. Some of them wanted some recipes about some foods and they cheer me up and now I am more confident about my culture and myself. I have kept in mind that all my experiences life is part of my personality and for this reason I am a special person. Another effect was to learn customs of other countries. It helped me to face the anxiety that arises from the transfer to a new place. However I have learned things about the other countries and it has been easier for me to feel comfortable. I have researched about what people do for fun observed how people interact with others and what they consider important. Also I have obtained more information watching television and movies. These mass media has helped me to learn the formal language and the colloquial one and I have been even allow starting a conversation and making new friends. The subjects of conversation the way in which they are expressed and the importance that they give to certain ideas can differ enough of what I am accustomed to. For example in my culture when we say good bye we kiss each other on the cheek and in USA people do not do that. However I do not have to like everything what I have discovered of the new culture but when I have known what people mean when they are using certain phrases or why they dress a in a particular way I have begun to feel much better. Many people that emigrate from other countries have the ability to positively confront the obstacles of a new environment and they have stimulated their personal creativity like I did. For example I have developed a hobby for scrapbook. Soon afterward I have been thinking to establish a new company in my country that it specializes in articles to do scrapbook and it is as a result of that I learned more about scrapbook. Furthermore I have learned to be constructive and be gentle to myself. When I began to adapt to the new culture immediately I began to develop abilities that I was not known before and could establish new objectives in my own life The key to overcome culture shock is to understand the new culture and to find the way to live comfortably in it while I stay loyal to the values of my own culture. Is important that I be myself I am not forced to change too fast or to change too many things at the same time. Everybody must face changes in their lives and perhaps it seems to me that I must go through more changes than the average person. I remembered that I will not have problems as long as you manage to maintain what is important to me and I am able to obtain a good combination of the new and the old. The most important things that I have done are relax rest keep an open mind and have fun!!!!
