Topic The causes of culture shock. Thesis statement There are several causes of culture shock language food climate. We can go everywhere in the world if we want to. That means we are in a global village. However when we go abroad we are given culture shock. Culture shock is a feeling of anxiety loneliness and confusion that people sometimes experience when they first arrive in another country. In case of me even if I've been here for 5months I feel culure shock until now. There are several causes of culture shock which I experienced language food climate. The first is language. Even if I have learned foreign language there is big problem to communicate with native speaker. For a couple months I couldn't do anything because english is not my first language. I felt embarrassed whatever I did. I wanted to get a driver licsence before I got a car but due to I didn't understant most saying which the officer told me I couldn't help visiting there several times with angry. When I went to restaurant if I was bad at pronunciation I couldn't even order food. In addition One day my host mother gave me some important informations to go shop and buy. At that moment I thought I understand everything which she said but I didn't. I remember that I spent hard time on the street. Everything what I said are from culture shock of language. The next is food. In my case even if I like american food a lot I'm missing my country's food. One of my friends was in big trouble because of food. American food is too greasy to eat for him. In fact most korean can't stand that don't eat rice and Kim chi. As I said I'm crazy at american food but when I eat only hamburger for 2days I got a stomache. I have some friends who are sick of american food though it's not easy cook korean food in USA they cook and eat korean food everyday. Culture shock of food makes them hard. The last is climate. Every country has own climae. While some countries are too hot others are too cold. Though we have too cold winter I was shocked by weather at the first time of pittsburgh. I was shocked because I'v never canceled class because of snow before I came here. In first month I came pittsburgh I got a cold everyday. The differences of weather brought me down and made me difficult. In addition summer of pittsburgh makes me exhausted. The summer of pittsburgh is too hot and humid so it's hard to even breathe. The difference of weather is kind of culture shock too. I think there are more causes of culture shock examples than I wrote. Even if these make me difficult I decided to enjoy the differences and overcome troubles. In case of language I began to ask native speaker to say slow. Of course I do my best to study englsih. And I'm finding many american food which is fit me because it's hard to eat korean food everyday for me. Finally I'm going to buy air conditional in summer and heater in winter. That's one of my way to overcome culture shock and difference between korea and USA.
