In Korea when I was a freshman in my university a majority of examinations and books are written in English. It was very difficult for me to read books and take examinations. I sometimes gave up a course I attended because I could not read English books well and I even lost interest in my major because of English. At that time I realized that English is a very important thing for me. That is why I decided to learn English in the U. S. I could select from many cities such as Los Angeles Chicago Boston etc. However I decided to study English in Pittsburgh. There are three main reasons why I decided to learn English in Pittsburgh the rate of Korean students prices and the environment in Pittsburgh The first reason I decided to learn English in Pittsburgh is the rate of Korean students. There are few Korean students in Pittsburgh unlike other cities. Before I came to Pittsburgh I thought that the rate of Korean students was crucial for learning English. If there are many Korean students in city people who go to that city have fewer opportunities to speak English. For example in Los Angeles Koreans don't have to speak English because there are many Koreans in Los Angeles and Korean shops. This fact means that it is hard to talk with native speakers in Los Angeles. On the other hand since there are few Koreans in Pittsburgh Koreans have to speak English to communicate with native speakers when they want to buy something in the market and ask questions to other people. Another reason I decided to learn English in Pittsburgh is prices. The prices in Pittsburgh are very cheap compared with other cities. For instance in New York Mcdonald Big Mac Hamburger's meal price is about 7 but in Pittsburgh the hamburger's meal price is about 5. And the housing price is cheap as well. Even the housing price is much cheaper than in Korea. I can save money while I am studying English. The last reason I decided to learn English in Pittsburgh is the environment. First of all Pittsburgh is very safe. If people live in a dangerous place they might always be nervous whenever they come back home. And Pittsburgh also has a good surrounding for studying. There are few playing places around university such as pubs bars karaoke etc so the students can concentrate only for studying. The University of Pittsburgh has good libraries and museums as well. These surroundings inspire students to study very hard. Furthermore the public transportation is convenient and the main places such as universities downtown museums and parks have bus stops and subway stations. People who live in Pittsburgh can go anywhere. Due to these three reasons I selected Pittsburgh to study English. I believe that Pittsburgh is a best city for students who want to study English. After I learn English in Pittsburgh I will be able to read English books and take English lectures well. That is why I would be able to get good grades and a job after graduation. Also my dream is to be a banker who deals with foreign customers. Therefore the experience that I learn English in Pittsburgh would be the most important experience for my dream.
