Topic Types of Mistakes People Make When Learning a Second Language. Learning a second language is different among individuals. Some people learn more quickly than others and some can speak more fluently than others at the same period of studying time though. Occurring learning second language's mistakes is one reason to find these differences in learning a second language. Actually there are common mistakes people make in learning a second language. We need to be aware about these mistakes to improve our learning correctively. The more sensibility of our learning mistakes the better progress we can get. In general mistakes of learning second language can be divided into three types mistakes in learning approach mistakes in time management for learning a second language and mistakes in monitoring. First the common mistake in learning second language is using one approach. To explain this mistake could be from these three examples are given. One is choosing a certain way to learn instead of using multi choices. Some people learn language by reading more so they gain a lot of vocabulary with ability to use them in writing but their preconscious are hard to understand. Language is integrand process that we need to improve ourselves as readers listeners speakers and writers. Second example is depending on translating words instead of looking up meaning from the second language dictionary. Many words can't have the exact meaning in our first language that is misleading. Lastly using words depend on their meaning without considering their coalitions and their deferent uses in the contest. These students who made this mistake made up funny language. So complying to one approach is one common mistake. Another common mistake in learning second language is a shortcoming in managing time of learning. For example less practicing during the day is an important mistake that occurs a lot. We immediately forget the language when we leave practicing it. Also not giving enough time for each different language skills is failed our efforts to learn language. However some people like to spend time in the part of language where they adept. For instance just seeing movies every day won't help you in writing skills. Therefore the lack of time management is another type of mistakes in learning second language. Finally inability in our self monitoring is common mistake when learning second language. Although the grammar rules are important some people focus in grammar rules without noticing them in listening and speaking. Moreover many people don't spend enough efforts to correct themselves. Such as recording their speech and writing transcript for what they hear. In addition some people know they have done mistakes but they don't notice the exact position of the mistakes. So they continue doing the same mistakes again and again. One final thing is speaking quickly and eating some litters or vowels without giving ourselves time to think on our words and sentences before speaking. If we ignore our monitor we can't revise our mistakes to improve our language. In conclusion the common mistakes of learning second language are taking just one approach to learn mistakes in managing our time of learning second language and mistakes in our self monitoring. In my opinion people can improve their progress in learning second language if they recognize the types of mistakes that they make when learning a second language.
