1. Genius students 2. Hard working students 3. Students who have no attitude at all The kinds of students are variety. Some said whether a student is intelligent or not it is natural and you cannot change it. Most people like intelligent students and do not like unintelligent students. But the important thing is how to make them become successful person. Students can be grouped into three types genius hard working and having no attitude on study at all. Most students are envy genius students because they can easily understand what the teacher just taught about even though they do not need to practice. But genius students are hardly to find. Some genius students can remember sentences or a lecture after they just read it and can memorize it forever. It is impossible for us who need to look over for at least two or three times to remember them all and probably will forget them after three or four days. Most of the genius students can have a splendid future if they keep using their innate intelligent. The second group of students is hard working students. This is the most common students in the world we have. They like to ask questions once they have problems. They also like to learn new knowledge even though it is not from textbooks. They will preview textbooks before classes and review them after classes. They also will spend time on practicing skills they just learned. Everyone likes hard working students especially for teachers. Because they do not need to worry about whether they have questions or have problems on their study. They will ask immediately once they cannot figure out how to solve them. The last group of students is the students who have no attitude on study at all. They do not pay attention in class they just want to play. They do not like to read books except comic books or magazines. They always think of what are the most interesting games that people are playing now should they buy them Or how do they download them. They never try to learn when they were at school. And most of them become criminals and have some dreadful behavior. Although there are many kinds of students in a country a town it is not nice for teachers to separate students into groups. Only take care of genius students and hard working students and cast away the students who have no attitude on study. Though they do not like to study some of them still have a nice personality. Groups are not important the most important is how to let them have an out standing future.
