Type of doctors Classification basic bioscience Primary clinician Secondary clinician Thesis Doctors can be grouped into three types The main purpose of going hospital is meeting doctors for diagnosis and treatment therefore patients tend to think that only the doctors they meet in medical office are real doctors. However there are a lot of doctors who are involving the medical care but patients can not meet in the hospital and their contribution is not less than the others whom patients meet in the hospital. The doctors can be grouped into three types we can find out the doctor's job more deeply. The first group is the doctor who is working in the bioscience. They don't meet patients and even are not working in the hospital but their job is very essential in the modern medical service. They are studying the basic science in the laboratory and proclaim the new theories in their fields such as Anatomy Physiology Organic chemistry Pharmacology Genetic engineering and so on. These findings are supporting the current medical issues and also leading the directions the medical care should go to. The second group is the most familiar doctors whom the patients meet in the hospital I'll call them primary clinicians. . They contact their patients directly they check up the patients manage all about diagnosis and treatment. We also divide them as departments according the specialties like Internal medicine Surgery Obstetrics Gynecology Pediatrics and so on. They need to train program for seeing patients and have responsibilities for the patients' lives as the first. The last group is invisible to the patients but exist in the hospital very close to the patients. They contribute the diagnosis especially. For instance Pathology diagnostic anatomic Radiology and so on. Even thought they do not contact the patients directly they look over the patients in detail and often discuss with the primary clinicians about their patients on the back stage. There are actors directors writers and technicians in making a film and we don't say that the film is only actors'. Like that a patient have a lot of doctors whom the patient can not recognize but who are related to the patient's work up. They are also doctors who care for the patients and have contributed to the medical care.
