Topic Types of mistakes people make when learning a second language Main point 1. Grammar 2. Pronunciation 3. Words Language is the most important tool for communication. Humans communicate each other by using language. Each country in the world has own language for communication. Some countries use the same language as others but have different accent for example English is used in England United State and Australia or Spanish is used in Spain Mexico and Argentina. So studying a second language is necessary for globalization especially studying English as a second language because many countries use English as a second language and most countries have English in the studied courses in schools. However people who learn English as a second language can make mistakes when using it. There are three types of mistakes when learning English as second language grammar pronunciation and words. Grammar is the mistake which usually happens in the first year of studying English. First of all English has 12 grammar tenses to make the sentences. It makes learners confused because some countries such as Thailand don't have tenses for the past time and the future time. Learners from that country usually make this mistake. In addition to gerund and infinitive they have to remember that which verbs follow by gerund or infinitive. It's quite hard for someone who has just learned it. They should takes time to be familiar with this grammar. Some learners use only infinitive because they don't know which words should use infinitive or gerund. Then wh what instead of where when they ask a question to find out the place. Another mistake is the pronunciation of English words. Each learner comes from different country which has diverse ways to make sounds comparing with English. Some consonant sounds are very difficult for learners. Learners from some countries in Asia such as Thailand China and Japan are stuck with r l and z sounds. They make r sound like l sound or z sound like s sound. The intonation is also one mistake. English has intonation but some languages don't have it. Learners often forget to raise the level of the voice at the end of the question sentences. Next the stressed sounds in English are one problem for them. Some root words have differently stressed sound in each form noun verb adjective and adverb. Learners have to be familiar with them for solve this problem. The last type of mistakes is using words. At beginning learners always translate sentences in their language into English. Sometimes it's acceptable but it has another word which is better than that. Using singular or plural words is another problem. Some learners forget to use singular verb with singular pronoun for example they use the verb have with the pronoun she . Moreover they usually use wrong prepositions because they try to use the preposition which makes the same meaning as their language but it's not suitable for English. People who learn English as their second language usually make mistakes about grammar pronunciation and words. Most problems happen because they attempt to translate their language into English. The best way for them to resolve these problems is practicing by watching TV talking with others and trying to correct their mistakes as much as they can.
