These days more and more people don't know how to control their diet. Some people getting fat and some people are too thin both are not healthy for them. The best way is to eat a balanced diet in Korea including the fact that it's easier to shop for clothes meet people and it's difficult for overweight women to find a job. Now a day difficult to shop for clothes because Korean women wants to be like actress. These women usually like to follow their appearance such as their hair styles and fashion styles. Therefore most Korean women want to lose weight but some women never eat even though that is not got their health. Slender women are increase and it make difficult to shop form clothes in Korea. For example I'm very like shopping and I didn't think about I'm chubby women. When I was 19 years old I needed a new skirt and I went to shop likewise. I selected a skirt and I tried to wear the skirt. However the skirt was too small and I couldn't wear the skirt. The saleswoman said that is a free size skirt and I seems chubby. I was very embarrassed and I came out. After that I had to diet for shop for clothes as well. Today personal appearance is important to meet people and we can't find overweight women in Korea. The thin people have many chances about meet people because they look charming. Actually Korean people prefer to thin people. For example when I went to high school one of my class mates wanted to make new friends but anybody didn't talk to her. Also if she fell down they laughed at her expanse. And than after summer vacation our class mate astonished to her. She became a different person and our class mate changed their appearance as well. After she never ate sweet food and junk food. Nowadays it's difficult for overweight women to find a job in Korea. Most Korean women difficult to find a job and overweight women are more difficult to find a job. In Korea personal appearance is the most important thing to find a job. For example my friend told me when she got a job interview that was three person interviews at the same room but one of the persons was little fat. The interviewer didn't ask to her anything because they thought about she didn't control her health so it's applicable to her job. These days a lot of Korean women like eating a balanced diet and they have some different reasons. It's easier to shop for clothes meet people and it's difficult for overweight women to find a job. So we need to eat a balance diet to make ourselves healthy and good body shape.
