Since Nicolas Joseph Cugnot made a first car in 1769 the car industrial has been made a great progress. Today there are numerous kinds of cars and strictly speaking more than 10 categories exist. But these categories are often overlapped and the name and the definition are different in each country. For example the car which has foldaway top is traditionally called convertible in the US. Open car in Japan spider and barchetta this means small convertible in Italy cabriol in German and drop head coupe and roadster this means small and lightweight convertible in UK. Besides recently these names are often arbitrarily used in many carmakers of all over the world. In this way categorization of the car is very confused and it is impossible to divide all cars into certain categories. But traditionally it seems that the cars are divided into the four categories that is sedan coupe van and sports utility vehicle. In many kinds of cars sedan must be known as a most orthodox type. Sedan has a certain body shape which consists of engine room cabin and trunk room. So sometimes it called 3 box car. This type car is used for transporting 4 or 5 persons and certain amount of baggage. Sedan has advantages in the utility compared to the sports car and in the dynamics compared to the van. Besides this type car is considered to be suitable for the formal situation such as a ceremonial occasion a courtesy car a presidential parade etc. The car which cabin is stretched for improving its utility is named limousine and the car which trunk room is extended for improving its utility is named station wagon. Fundamentally both of them are derived from sedan. The name of Coupe originated from the carriage offering two seats. Nowadays coupe is not necessary to have only two seats and includes the car with four seats. But coupe must have only two doors and usually has a low height to create a sporty appearance instead of the utility so consequently even if the car has four seats the back seats are not useful. This type car excels others in the dynamics and in the appearance. Especially the so called sports car has a strong engine specialized suspensions and an attractive appearance. It sacrifices the convenience and is born to run speedily. The coupe with foldaway top is called convertible in USA. Both of them are considered as a hobby rather than the means of transportation and most of them are expensive. Van is originally used to transport a lot of baggage or many people and usually used on business. For this purpose it has tall and square body designed to have a maximum space so this type car is called 1 box car. The platform of this type car is usually based on truck so its ride is uncomfortable. But since 1980's a new category called minivan has become popular. It is smaller than traditional van but its platform is based on the sedan so minivan get the same comfort and much utility compared to sedan. It has variety of seat arrangement so on the one hand 6 to 8 people can get on and on the other hand it can transport a large amount of baggage when the seats are folded. In Europe this type of van is called Multi Purpose Vehicle MPV . This name exactly expresses the property of this type car. The real purpose of the sports utility vehicle SUV is to run on the dirt road and sometimes on the wild land which doesn't have any roads. Usually this type car has all wheel drive system high road clearance with the big tires and an engine having a big torque. In some country or some region this type car is necessary for life. But today in the advanced country almost all roads are paved and even if the road is not paved the road is well maintained. Therefore this type car is chosen by the people who don't need its dynamics but want it by their interest. For these people recently more sophisticated category called crossover SUV appeared. This type car has more comfortable interior and ride and brushed up dynamics on paved road instead of that on dirt road compared to the real SUV . This crossover SUV get a high popularity in the latter half of 1990s and many carmakers have made this type SUV. There are many kinds of cars which can't be categorized to any type of the upper mentioned. All carmakers try to pioneer the new market so this categorization becomes more and more complicated. But this is a consequent of the effort that many carmakers have tried to satisfy the various kinds of needs and interest of customers. Car is not just a method of transportation but a culture. But sadly we have to manage a new other factor affecting this categorization. It is Ecology . From the point of environmentalist's view car should be a method for only transportation and inefficient car such as sports car convertible even sedan which has the engine producing uselessly high power should be omitted. The shape and the dynamics should be decided based on just the efficiency. Will the car be able to keep a variety which it has now In future the categorization of car might be simpler than today.
