Types living options for students There are three types of living options for students with their family with a roommate or alone. Each of the students should live in and quite place. That is very important for them because they can spend very much time for studying. The student should choose the best place. That is the student is a person who decides what the best place is superior for him hers. While the students are living with their families they are always getting an easy life. Therefore their families clean cook and wash for them so the students have a lot times. If the students have a lot times they can study more and more and the student has times for relaxing. Often the families spend and pay for the students so the students shouldn't take care of money and don't need part time job. That is students don't have problem with money because they do not a lot of money. . The families are always looking and trying to find the an easy life of the student because they try to improve their life and take care of the students. So that gives the student an amazing time. The student who lives with family he she gets a trouble free. The student lives with a roommate the student needs to dept his her self. When the student starts to live with a roommate the student has a different life. Therefore the student needs to do what he she needs in his her life and a life requirement. For example the student cleans house washes clothes and cooks food. The student has part time job because the student needs some money. That is the student doesn't have a lot time for studying. The student who lives with a roommate the student spends a lot of money such as rent food and books. If the student lives with roommate the student should organize the times and his her life. . If the student lives alone that it is very difficult. The student spends a lot of money because the student doesn't share with someone. When the student buys what he she needs sash as food renting apartment entrant cable TV and electricity. When the student has any problem in his her apartment or his her life the student doesn't have anyone to help him. For example if the student is sick and anyone doesn't know and him hers that is not healthy for him hers. The student should tack care of his her self because that is anyone doesn't know about it. However while the student is living alone the student has a lot time for studying. So the student live alone sometime is good and sometimes is bad for student. I think anyone of the students should think about what it is excellent for him hers. That is very important because the student is a person whose can decide for him her self. For example I used to live with my family family roommate and alone. The best place was when I had lived with my family. Therefore they took care for me gave me advices spend a lot of money shared life with someone I love him and the love me and I had a lot time for my studying. So the student should think about it and the student is the person whose can choose what is superior and the best place for him hers.
