Topic Types of mistakes people make when learning a second language Outline 1. Listening 2. Speaking 3. Reading When we try to learn a second language we often make some mistakes. Learning a second language is quite difficult for people who usually use another language in their daily life. For example English has some particular pronunciations which Japanese doesn't have. Moreover English has opposite word of order to Japanese. When we use a second language we are often confused by difference between a second language and our original language. Mistakes we make when learning a second language can be divided into three types listening speaking and reading. The first type of mistakes is listening. The ability of listening to people speaking a second language correctly is necessary for understanding what they are saying. Even though I can ask them exactly when I have a question I don't have any information if I cannot listen to them. We often make a mistake when we try to listen to everything native speakers are saying. However in fact we don't necessarily need to know everything they say to understand the story. We just need to know some key words. For example listening to a native speaker by telephone is too hard for me to understand anything. As I try to listen to harder it is more difficult to grasp the whole story. As a result I often cannot find even who the person calling me is. It is useful for me to try to catch some key words to know whether the telephone is important or not. The second type of mistakes is speaking. The ability of speaking is important to express our thought. For example although I want to complain about something I cannot say anything because of my deficiency of English skill. We often make a mistake when we try to speak perfectly. I think we especially Japanese begin speaking English after we construct the sentence in Japanese and translate it into English. If we cannot make a perfect sentence we don't try to speak anymore. Consequently we miss many chances to speak and cannot improve speaking skill. We should begin speaking before considering whether I can speak well otherwise we cannot express our opinion even though we have a lot of thoughts in our mind. The third type of mistakes is reading. The ability of reading is required when we read something written in a second language. For example I have to understand important documents about insurance or contract of apartment in English. I also want to read a newspaper magazines or novels in English. We often make a mistake when we try to read all sentences too carefully. When we read a long story we are frequently confronted with many unfamiliar words. Although it is important to remember many vocabularies it is also important to find out the main idea. Moreover we often don't have enough time to read slowly because we have many documents or papers in a second language to which we need to respond within a certain day. In my case a car insurance company sent me many documents about our contract and each of them had a due date. I realized skipping through a book is sometimes necessary. When we learn a second language there are three types of mistakes we can make. We try to listen speak and read in a perfect way as we do in our native language. In Japan all students study English at least for six years. Some of them take extra lessons. However almost all students cannot use English when they graduate from high school. I think it is because we are required to use English perfectly when we take English lessons. As a result we hardly try to listen speak and read English because we know it is impossible for us to use English without any mistakes. I think people learning a second language should attempt to use it without fear of making mistakes. So they can have many chances to use the language and make their skills improved.
