Effects of divorce Legal divorce Emotional problems Depress Lonely Sad Problems Money THE EFFECTS OF DIVORCE More than half of all marriages in the United States end in divorce. This is one of the most stressful life events a person can experience. Coleman and Morgan 2002 stated The decision to divorce is typically made with ambivalence uncertainly and confusion . The effects of divorce can be hazardous to the group who experiences this crisis for example they probably have legal problems emotional problems or economic problems. First at all the legal divorce is one of the most important items that the divorced people need to resolve. That means the legal purpose of divorce is to allow individuals to marry again to start a new life to cut the umbilical cord with your ex wife or husband. If they don't have children almost certainly this part of the divorce can be less difficult than with children because when you have children you need to set up a parenting plan including joint custody or sole custody the amount of each parents give to maintain their children etc. Joint custody means that the parents share the decisions about their children and sole custody means the children live most of the time with one parents and he or she make the decisions about the children. Then they need to decide what they do with everything that they have for example furniture properties kitchen items and devices will need to be divided. Finally they need to cancel bank accounts credit cards and bills that they share. Second the emotional problem can be the most hazardous and stressful life event. The may experience feeling of denial anger then go through bargaining depression and finally acceptance Coleman and Morgan 2002 . But this process doesn't only produce those feelings occasionally they can feel guilty lonely unhappy and commit suicide. This part of divorce is very difficult to manage because most of them probably require professional help like psychological help and accept this for otherwise some of then have the capacity to resolve alone their problems and can continue their lives. When some of them don't want help and don't have the capacity to resolve their troubles this affects their jobs their study increase risk of alcohol abuse and frequently lose social contact with family and friends. The third problem can be the economic divorce. This trouble can be divided in two one of them is when they need to maintain two houses which imply more work more stress and more effort to find money to resolve that. And second if they don't need to maintain another house probably they need to buy or rent another place to live acquire furniture kitchen items and devices and again they need more money. Some people prefer to return to their family homes to avoid this economic problem while they save money to start a new single life. In conclusion divorce changes the life in different ways like emotional or economic and if they don't know how to manage these kinds of changes probably they will have a lot of troubles in their life. Reference 1. Coleman Marylin and Morgan Marni. Focus on Families. Divorce and Adults. 2002. 6 July 2007. ANON URLPAGE.
