Today Korean family is broken by divorce. Even though marriage is very important for life people divorce too often. We need to think about the effects of divorce because it affects all of life. Effects of divorce can divide three things such as economy children and so on. First divorced families usually suffer financially. Studies 1. Pamela J. Smock show that women experiencing divorce face roughly a 30 percent decline in the standard of living they enjoyed while married and men show a 10 percent decline. One researcher 1. Pamela J. Smock says However 'prepared' for marital disruption women increasingly may be they are not prepared in ways sufficient to cushion the economic cost. Korean usually depends on men's income. Furthermore In Korea if a person earns money we can't keep living off family easily. Children need to be educated for the future but if parents don't have enough money children can't be educated well. Economic problem is the very important things for the family. Second Children are affected easily by divorce and It may change their personality and then they may cause many problem. Some of the ways that a child who has been affected by a divorce might express the effects of divorce can be large amounts of anger directed both toward others and themselves frequent breaking of rules drug and or alcohol abuse and destructive behavior thoughts of suicide or violence. Those are elements which cause crime. Finally There are many other ways that men and women are affected by divorce. With more than 30 years of research we now know divorce seldom leads to a better life. Consider that Life expectancies for divorced men and women are significantly lower than for married people who have the longest life expectancies . 2. ANON_NAME_0 Coombs A recent study found those who were unhappy but stay married were more likely to be happy five years later than those who divorced. 3. Linda Waite and Maggie Gallagher Divorce affects so many things which can change all of life. In other words divorce is sensitive problem for family. If you have problem with your partner you need to concentrate effects of divorce. 1 Pamela J. Smock The Economic Costs of Marital Disruption for Young Women over the Past Two Decades. ANON_URLSPAGE_2 ANON_NAME_0 Coombs ANON_URLSPAGE_3 Linda Waite and Maggie Gallagher The Case for Marriage New York Doubleday 2000 ANON URLPAGE
