Outline Bad habits Abuse Infidelity Smoking tobacco Alcoholism KIND OF BAD HABITS Bad habits engross a large number of items like heavy drinking swearing indecency arguing overeating spitefulness abuse malice smoking cheating bad smells etc. More of these bad habits can be normal in different societies for this reason sometimes are very difficult to explain because someone can be interpreted in different way these concepts. In many cases more of these items can have a relationship between them for example A woman who suffer abuse her husband probably is an alcoholic use tobacco or any kind of drugs or has another woman. In this article I write about the four items that I think are the most important topics to develop in bad habits comportment like abuse infidelity smoking and alcoholism. The first topic that I want to develop is abuse. Domestic abuse between spouses or partners is when one person in the relationship tries to control the other person. The victim of domestic abuse or physical abuse can be a man or a woman. The person who produces the abuse can use intimidation humiliation mortification degradation deprivation or sometimes physical injury. There are a lot of types of abuse like physical abuse verbal abuse sexual abuse financial abuse spiritual abuse or stalking. Despite of every item is very important I think the most dangerous abuse is physical abuse because a lot of women die for this reason for example in the United States more than three thousand women die per year. Different types of physical abuse are pushing hitting beating kicking assault with a weapons burning etc. I don't know where or when this problem started but one of the hypotheses is what the person who commitment the abuse could be suffered abuse or grew up in a family where existed abuse or sometimes this person doesn't have history about abuse. The second important topic about bad habits is infidelity or cheating. Lot countries like Colombia United States or Mexico have an increase in the number of divorce due to infidelity. The number and statistic about this produce scare for example 17 of divorces in the United States are caused by infidelity 22 of married men and 14 of married women have had affairs at least once during their married lives and up to 37 of men and 22 of women admit to have affairs. What it means Why is the cause of infidelity Or why you are looking another woman or man if you have everything in your home These are very difficult questions to answer because if you ask to someone why he or she do this probably you find a lot of different answers like I don't know I have a lot of temptations I am boring in my relationship it is the human being nature or only for placer. The infidelity increases day by day and probably we don't have nothing to do to avoid this. The third but no least important topic is smoking or tobacco use. The purpose of this article is not to write about the effects that the tobacco produce in your health like heart disease lung disease or how many people die per year for causes of tobacco it is about the bad habit to smoke. The smoker smells bad his clothes smells terrible his teeth change the white color to yellow color. Everybody around the smoker feels that they can smoke too because they are passive smokers inhaling the smoke at meantime when you go to a close place like a bar your clothes and everything smells like a cigarette. This bad habit is accepted socially because the industries of cigarettes have a lot of power and expend a lot of money in publicity as a result they need to recover this money. I think the anti smokers laws needs to change to protect everybody who don't smoke The last point is alcoholism. This point is very crucial because the alcohol involve much harm for example it is very dangerous to the community when someone drive under alcohol influence he is at risk to suffer an accident or produce an accident kill people and destroy propriety like his cars other cars houses etc. Other problems are the relation about alcohol abuse tobacco and infidelity. Most of the abusers are under influence of alcohol they can not control themselves and their impulses and therefore this is a huge trouble for the people around them. They combine alcohol with tobacco or sometimes with other drugs they change their comportment and start to look someone to commit infidelity and probably finish with an accident or abuse. This is why in this moment around the world are a lot of campaigns against alcohol to try to reduce accidents dead abuse and destruction. In conclusion bad habits like abuse infidelity smoking tobacco or alcoholism are a great world dilemma and that items need to control as soon as possible to avoid more troubles and create a better place to live for everybody.
