Regardless of age race sex or religion when a couple goes into marriage both of them think over whether they are the right person for the other. However after getting married some might feel they do not love their spouse enough they have trouble communicating with each other they do not like relatives of their spouse and they get tired of being a couple they want to divorce. Divorcing does not just affect husband and wife it also strikes against their relatives even their children. First of all husband and wife are the first people who are shocked by divorce. For example arguing conflict and lack of communication let them feel tired with marriage. Even though they are usually able to articulate their emotions and verbalize their discontent to each other they still cannot cope with the problem between themselves. Therefore divorce is one way in which they might be concerned. In addition husband and wife are not only concerned about their feelings but they also may have misgivings about their relatives. Their father in law or mother in law for example might feel embarrassed about this divorce. If father in law or mother in law likes their daughter in law or son in law they will want to persuade them to stay. Spouses do not want to be an unfilial son or daughter but they cannot solve the problem between them. In this situation the elders' emotion gives spouses pressure. They might agonize over the divorce. Children on the other hand are unlikely to have the ability to face parents' divorce children are the ones most serious affected by divorce. What causes stress for children Ph. D. ANON_NAME_0 DeBord Child Development Specialist said The family they have always known will be different. For instance many things will change not just mother or dad. Children may need to adjust to a new schedule bedtime mealtime routines. This causes upheaval to children. Moreover according to DeBord Fear of abandonment children are afraid that if they lose one parent they may lose the other. Third Children worry about hostility between parents DeBord noted. Children may feel stress in many of parents' words and actions. In retrospect although divorce brings some effects to family divorce is a final way to deal with an unsolvable problem between spouses. Adults have abilities to seek other's assistance or they can verbalize their feelings in order to release their pressure. However children do not have abilities like adults parents need to pay more attention to their children to help them to face parents' divorce such as playing with them and talking with them. Those vehicles can reduce their feelings of vulnerability so that children can have saneness during growing. Reference 1. ANON_NAME_0 DeBord Ph. D. Associate Professor Extension Specialist Child Development North ANON_NAME_1 Cooperative Extension Service ANON URLPAGE
