In Japan earthquakes often happen all over the country. It is well known that one of the main causes of earthquakes is related to the movement of plates. The earth is covered with several plates. These plates are always moving and as a result strain arises at the edge of each plate. The swing of the plate edge produced when this strain is automatically corrected is considered to be one of the causes of earthquakes. Japan is located on the edge of such a plate so earthquakes often arise. Japanese seem to be used to the earthquakes. People have knowledge about earthquakes and all buildings were built with earthquake proof construction protected by law. However same as all the other disasters we can't cope with the earthquake if it happens on a large scale. In January 1996 a large scale earthquake so called The great Hanshin Awaji earthquake happened in Hanshin Japan. From the information about this earthquake there are four main effects of earthquakes as follows. When an earthquake happens first of all the swing itself destroys all structures. Destroyed buildings crush people and shut them inside. To make matters worse destroyed traffic networks interrupt the activity of rescue corps. For the people who are crushed by debris even if the injury is not fatal the longer the period until rescue becomes the higher the death rate becomes because large amount of crushed muscle brings about renal failure. To decrease this first disaster of earthquakes the architectural advance of the earthquake proof structures is important. In the Hanshin earthquake about 260 000 structures collapsed and the buildings built before 1986 collapsed easily because of the lack of the earthquake proof structure. The swing of the earthquake destroys all things including gas pipelines and the buildings including some rooms in which people are treating fire. As a result the fires happen as the second disaster. These fires spread easily because they arise at the same time in different places and fire departments can't reach there because of destroyed roads. In the Hanshin earthquake about 6000 houses or buildings were completely destroyed by the fires. After the aftermath of the earthquake quits down people suffer from the lack of life line water supply and sewer electricity telephone and traffic network are all cut off. In the present day people can't do anything without electricity. People can't easily move to another place and gather to a safe haven. The lack of water and sewer makes the sanitation worse. Destroyed traffic network delays the transportation of relief supplies. People can't contact with their families living in other places. In this way people are compelled to live an inconvenient life for a long time. Even after people overcome the earthquake and return to their normal life the earthquake continues to affect the people who experienced this shocking event. Needless to say about the children who lost their parents most people are compelled to change their lifestyle. Recently in the spotlight is the irreversible psychological damage among the people who experienced a shocking event such as a violent attack disaster war etc. Which is called posttraumatic stress disorder PTSD . Fukuda 2000 investigated about this PTSD of 107 males who had experienced the earthquake in Hanshin. In this study he concluded The most relevant factor for PTSD score was lifestyle change. Although 12 years have passed since the earthquake there must be still some signs of the damage in people's mind. In this way the earthquake can destroy all things which include not only structures but also people's lives and mind. It is impossible to prevent such a disaster so we must learn from the past and always prepare for it. Fukuda Sanae. Et al. Effect of the Hanshin Awaji earthquake on posttraumatic stress lifestyle changes and cortisol levels of victims. Archives of Environmental Health. Mar Apr 2000. 6 Jul. 2007 ANON URLPAGE
