Topic The reasons for getting married Outline 1. To ease loneliness 2. To quit working 3. Pressure from parents When young people think about marriage they tend to have an image of a happy life. However in fact the real life is often very different from an ideal life. For example it turns out to be harder for wives to do housework or raise their children than they imagine. It is important to consider whether they really want to get married to a person who they choose. They also need to ponder whether the marriage has some valuable effects on their future life. Marriage counselors say If you are considering getting married make sure you are getting married for the right reason. Sheri and Bob Stritof online 2007 In other words young people who don't have experience of marriage should not get married for the wrong reasons. Three major wrong reasons for getting married are desire to ease loneliness hope to quit working and pressure from parents. A first wrong reason for getting married is desire to ease loneliness. People who live alone and have nothing to do except working need someone who they can share their daily life with. When they are young they can spend time with their friends. However they become to feel loneliness as they get older and their friends get married. As a result they feel left behind. If they get married for this reason they will realize they feel more comfortable when they are alone and they don't want to live with someone who interferes in their private life. A second wrong reason for getting married is because they want to quit working. Some women who regard their jobs as temporary want to quit working when they have some opportunities to quit a job. Actually many women leave their jobs because of marriage in Japan. They prefer getting married to someone who has much money to working hard as much as men. They think they don't have to work after marriage because they can depend on their husband for living. Some of them realize the importance of having a job several years after marriage. A third wrong reason for getting married is because they feel pressure from parents. Some parents who want their children to get married at a certain age often tell them to get married early. Even though they insist they don't need to get married parents persuade them to meet someone who is apparently suitable for them to marry. For example in Japan a meeting with a prospective spouse is common for people who don't get married at a certain age. This meeting is practically held by parents. Parents recommend them to get married to the person they choose. Consequently parents prevail on their children to change their mind and get married. Some people who are in a hard situation tend to get married to escape their real life. For example when they have a difficulty with their jobs and they feel nobody can understand them they want to be with someone who loves them unconditionally. When they get married for such wrong reason they sometimes regret that they didn't consider carefully whether the marriage was really necessary for them. The people who can take care of themselves and earn money for their living should get married only when they find best reasons for their marriage. Reference Stritof Sheri and Bob. Right and wrong reasons to get married. 2007. 05 Jul. 2007 ANON URLPAGE
