There are 3 kinds of engineering Articuture engineering Product and Mechanical engineering Electrical and computer engineering Articuture engineering designing and urban planning Product and Mechanical engineering industrials and factories Electrical and computer engineering components and electronic devices Engineering is one of the sciences knowledge that has been beginning with the human's life. It was sample at that time and the people used it for adapt themselves with the environments by using sample ideas and components. Now the engineering are coming one of the important issue in the life with different kinds and fields. In my opinion I divide it to there kinds articuter engineering product and mechanical engineering and electrical and computer engineering. The fist kind is the articture engineering is the old kind people knew it. They used it for built their houses and organized their surrounding. Now it has a lot of type like urban planning and decoration building designing. The second one product engineering is coming after the upper one when the people were looked for simplifies their life. For example they were needed to transportation then they had idea for design a cart with rolls that was carry by horses. That was mechanical engineering. By the time they modified that to a car. Because they want to product a lot of that they use the product engineering to product a line to organize the product. Last kind is electrical and computer engineering that is the faster kind modified of engineering. Booming of issues let them the highest kind in last twenty years. We can't find any product doesn't depend direct or indirect on this kind of engineering. For instance to design and product it by high quality and short time you will use the computer and some controls system that depend on some components and electrical devices. We can see some of that product that use on the world or in the space like aircrafts and satellites. TV and IPOD are some of the electronic devices that are produced by some components that designs by electronics and computers engineer. Finally we can see how the engineering is improved by the time and also how is the relation between these kinds articuter engineering product and mechanical engineering and electrical and computer engineering.
