I've taken U. S buses since I came to the Pittsburgh in the U. S about one year ago. Thus I've been thinking about differences between U. S and Korean public transportation because I had taken Korean buses and subway to go to my university for a long time. I think there are differences and I'm going to explain three differences between U. S and Korean public transportation focussing mostly on buses. The first difference between U. S and Korean public transportation is with regards to availability. One good thing about U. S buses is their having auto ramps and moving down system for handicapped people but Korean buses have no equipment for handicapped people and even have stairs. For example people who sit on wheelchairs or elders can't get on or off the bus by themselves so others have to help them to get on or off the bus. However unlike U. S buses which come every 15 or 20 minutes Korean buses come every 5 or 10 minutes and there are the special lines for buses which can't be used for any other vehicles so they are more convenient and fast for people who don't have their own vehicle. Second I'd like to talk about pay system between U. S and Korean public transportation. U. S buses take only cash but Korean buses take cash and we can pay with plastic cards which can be rechargeable with cash. And there are very special about these cards. For example we can put cards on the special equipment in the bus or subway and the equipment can recognize the time and if someone takes another bus or subway in one and a half hour he or she can take the other one free. Third I want to compare the comforts between U. S and Korean public transportation. U. S buses have excellent air conditioner system unlike Korean buses. When I came here it was May but U. S buses already turn on the air conditioner. However Korean buses turn on the air conditioner in July. Moreover U. S buses are clean and comfortable while they're moving on the other hand Korean buses are not clean and comfortable because they are old. And Korean buses are always crowded because there are too many people who use public transportation. For example I went to Univ in Korea I always took crowded buses and subway. Once I took them I felt taking a shower with dirty hot water because people were packed like tooth picks in a cup. And the worst part is that I had to take that dirty hot shower in the early morning right after taking a real shower. Especially I really hate moving with packed people while buses is shaking. In short I've compared U. S to Korean public transportation and I think there are benefits to each. U. S buses offer availability to handicapped people and comforts to others but Korean buses are more convenient for people who have to use them to go somewhere fast and on time. Most of all I think Korean pay system is better than U. S public transportation because we don't have to prepare change every morning. But overall U. S buses are better for me to take because I hate to take crowded and uncomfortable buses
