Which is better living in the country or in the city It is a difficult question to answer because both have good and bad points. However age is an important factor when you decide where you live. Let's compare living in the county to living in the city in some points. The first point is the environment. It is better to live in the country than in the city. In the county air and water are cleaner and you can see a lot of green. It is also quiet. On the other hand air and water pollution is always a problem in the city and noisy even late at night. The second is costs. Living in the country is less expensive than living in the city. You may be able to have a big house with a garden and cars for each person in your family. Also you can have fresh vegetables and fruits at a low price. In contrast if you live in the city you have to live in a small apartment because land prices are so high. It may be difficult to have your own car because it costs a lot to rent a parking lot. Fresh and organic vegetables are also expensive. You may get them at a low price but usually they are not good. The third is convenience. If you live in the country you cannot live without cars. Each form of public transportation runs only a few times a day and if you miss one you just have to give up going out. Also you cannot find many stores which are open late at night. If you have something that you forget to buy you have to wait until the next day. On the other hand there are many forms of public transportation in the city. You can take trains buses and subway and they often run. Even if you don't have a car you don't feel any inconvenience. In addition you can see a lot of convenience stores and super markets which are open 24 hours a day in the city. If you feel hungry at midnight you can get some food and drinks. Final one is entertainment. If you live in the country you have fewer chances to have access to entertainment and activities. Even if you want to go to some concerts or see some art exhibitions it may take a lot of time and money. You may have to leave your house early in the morning or one day before the event. I am sure that it will discourage you to go out for those activities. In comparison there are many facilities in the city like concert halls museums theaters and so on. You can easily visit those places and have more chances to enjoy art cultural and sports activities. In this way both living in the country and in the city have good points and some people like to live in the county and others prefer living in the city. However my opinion is that people will choose different places to live at each stage of their ages. For example when you are younger you will prefer living in the country. You can enjoy better environment and will have no problems in living in the inconvenience because you have physical strength and are full of vigor. On the contrary when you get old it is better to live in the city because it will be dangerous to drive a car by yourself. Even if you want to go shopping or go to a hospital you have very few means to go there. You may feel isolated. You will feel more comfortable in living in the convenient life of the city. Everyone has different conditions when he she decides where to live and age is one of the most important factors.
