Leaving in city or country side Living in a city is very different from living in the country side. I have lived in both areas city and country side since I got job in the military hospital in Riyadh the capital of Saudi Arabia. So I have to live city life during the academic year and the country life in a village in a small city in the southern province of kingdom during the summer times. This big gap between these different atmospheres makes me aware of daily life differences and the advantages and disadvantages of both places. First city is full of pollution air or sound which may make life simply miserable because the daily need of good quality of sleep become hared to find with all of those car horn sounds at the same time cars and factories carbonated gas wastes may cause very bad heavy coughs for even non smoking people which can endanger their lives or at least affect their health. In contrast the village has a very quiet refreshing atmosphere with no waste producer factories and with fewer cars passing by limits the effects of their poisoned gases and at the same time the village usually has more green oxygen producer cover trees which enhance the level of oxygen in the air. . Second the city and its crowded area such as its downtown people feel less safe because crowded areas may consist of poor people who are in need for money some aggressive ethnic groups and professional criminals. Conversely village side population is more homogeneous thus more safe because the number of people is less and the neighbors tend to know each other and build a kind of friendships which may limit the risk of the strangers. Third the structural appearance of the city is totally different from the country side. The presents of fancy sky highs huge governmental buildings and big supermarkets make the life in the city like a fantastic dream full of lights and expectations. On the other hand small buildings small groceries and more green or empty spaces are the distinctive characters of the country side which give the people place to relax and have a peace of mind. Therefore stressed people tend to go to country side in their vacation. In conclusion both city and country side have advantages and disadvantages which give more choices for different people kinds and aims so if safety healthy and peace of mind are your aim then living in a country side is something you should think of. On the other hand if fancy life styles such as five stars sky high hotels modern beautiful cars a lot of night activities then city may fulfill your desires.
