Today many people live pets such as dog cat rabbit hamster. Their life isn't different largely with us when we compare life. But they don't have living ability by themselves so we have to help their life. We don't know pets information such as how much price how to exercise theirs life expectancy. We need to know for their detail information. Pets can classify several animal dog cat rabbit guinea gerbil hamster pig First of all a dog is the most popular pet. Actually in our country we can often see dogs anywhere. Dogs original cost is from 0 to 1500. It depends on kinds of dog. And its life expectancy is 7 to 15 years. Exercise depends on breed. It usually requires some daily exercise and it is good to run 3 to 4 times a week. Many behavior problems are due to lack of proper exercise. And dogs are enjoyable company of another dog. Second a cat is one of popular pets. Cats original cost is as same as dog's price. Cat's life expectancy is 12 to 18 years. Cats that are allowed outside can be less due to dangers found outdoors. And Exercise can get enough inside. For example to have toys and play games to augment is enough exercise. Cat is known more independent than other animal but it needs daily companionship. Third today many people have rabbit too. Rabbits original cost is from 0 to 80. Its life expectancy is 8 to 10 years. And it needs a lot of exercise. You have to have a cage large enough to move around freely and It is allowed several hours daily for free running in house or secure outdoor enclosure . It can work with dogs but dog must be well trained and it can work with cats after adjustment but always monitor. And then pigs guinea gerbils hamsters are one of pets too. Theirs original price is from 0 to 20. Hamster's life expectancy is 2 to 4 years and guinea pig's life expectancy is 4 to 8 years and gerbil's life expectancy is 2 to 3 years. And then guinea and pig need daily exercise because they are prone to obesity. To save outdoor enclosure nice treats for them. Hamster and gerbil need area to climb and dig. Gerbil is social with other gerbils and hamster prefers to live alone likely to fight if they put together. Guinea and pig are enjoy other guineas and pigs. This information can help you when you breed pets. Those are the most part of pets. This classification can learn how to work out life expectancy and original price about pets.
