When I learned some writing skills and tried to write essays I realized that writing was very similar to painting. Of cause writing needs a pen and sheets of paper. In other hands painting needs brushes colors and the canvas. Moreover writing is an assembly of words however painting is expressed with colors. Although the tools for expression are different from each other writing and painting have some similarities. First of all like a topic in writing painting needs a main object to be described. For example to write a biography someone's life will be a main idea. Like a biography a painter uses someone as a main object in a portrait. A portrait presents someone's life on the canvas. Moreover to write a poem poet's impression about something like love landscape can be a main idea. Similarity to a poem the painting of landscape shows us the impression of nature. For instance Monet's The sunrise has a view of beautiful sun rise. Moreover to write a history a special event in particular period will be a topic. Likewise a historically important event can be a topic in painting. In case of many events in Bible they were dealt in many paintings to decorate the medieval churches. In addition at the beginning of the writing you have to consider the outline of an entire text. Likewise you have to draw a sketch considering the proportion before painting. For example to write an essay you have to determine the thesis statement and 3 5 subtopics. The outline can make your writing more organized. Similar to outline in writing a good sketch in painting makes the painting more constructed. For example In Leonardo da Vinci's The Last Supper the painter focused on Jesus Christ who was placed in the center of the canvas. And then the painter positioned the other disciples according to their priorities. Moreover to write a poem you have to think about how you progress your idea dramatically and how to put your impression into more simple expression. Similar to simple expression in poem in the Eastern paintings you have to determine the partial area to paint in a canvas and remain empty space. Lately before writing the news you have to put the main information about WH questions in first 2 3 paragraphs so that readers can catch out the main issues quickly. Likewise in painting you can see what the painting says by well organized construction. For instance in David's The Death of Marat you can see the situation that Marat was killed. The proportion in the canvas emphasizes dramatic tension by Marat's head leaning on the tub the bloody cut area in throat opening arms the pen and the knife. Moreover in writing you want to give readers a main idea. Similarly you want to give audiences a message or personal insight in painting. For example ANON_NAME_0's Diary is the famous diary which shows us the situation of World War. From the ANON_NAME_0's Diary you can imagine fear and loneliness of ANON_NAME_0 in the Jewish concentration camp. President John F. Kennedy wrote Of the multitude who throughout history has spoken for human dignity in times of great suffering and loss no voice is more compelling than that of ANON_NAME_0 Frank. Like ANON_NAME_0's Diary Picasso's Guernica shows us the situation of Spain war during World War. Crying women's faces threatening linear images and a sword fill the whole canvas. Picasso said In the panel on which I am working which I shall call Guernica and in all my recent works of art I clearly express my abhorrence of the military caste which has sunk Spain in an ocean of pain and death . In conclusion there are some similarities in writing and painting such as a topic an outline and a message. Both of them are not simple work to impress the readers or audiences. However those three components can help the work more organized in writing and painting.
