Some of you may have the fantasy about the life in the countryside. You may want to wake up with the sound of birds spend time in the midst of flowers and hovering bees walk through tall trees breathing fresh air and sit on a cozy couch reading a book. Spending one or two days doing those kinds of things will be wonderful. Even three or four days may be good. However how about ten days or more Do you think it will still be attractive and wonderful to you I don't think so. I grew up in a small town spending 16 years there and then moved to a big city therefore I have experienced both the good and the bad sides of each. From my personal experience I have reached to this conclusion that it is better to live in a city than to live in the countryside for the quality of life. To begin with living in a city offers you a diversity and convenience of life. The city is the symbol of human civilization and thus there are lots of places to visit different kinds of cultural activities to enjoy and many helpful facilities to use. In fact cities have a variety of aspects of human life. There is a wide assortment of museums movie theatres opera houses clubs parks and stadiums for various sports games. In addition you can find a lot of shopping malls around your neighborhood where you can buy every day's necessities at a lower price. That is you can have an easy access to a plenty of products with a wide range of choice. As a result it makes your life more convenient and satisfactory. Whereas people living in a city can benefit from the variety and suitability people in the countryside seldom have those advantages. Indeed life in the countryside is very monotonous. Today is just like the copy of yesterday. Something new or different from the other day is hard to be found. With respect to the diversity of life it is almost an annual event to experience cultural richness such as movies music concerts and sports games. Also you have only a limited choice for your food and things for your daily life. Of course you can enjoy beautiful scenery serene and quiet environment in the countryside. However they can't cover the monotony and the inconvenience in the life of the countryside. Therefore living in a city is a better option because of its diversity and convenience of life. In addition living in a city is advantageous not only for an individual but also for a family due to the educational environment. Education is the best strategy for the future of a person. In fact it is no exaggeration to say that the level of education decides the quality of future life. In this aspect a city holds the better position than the countryside. For example cities usually offer well managed libraries and other educational facilities for children and students. Moreover they have various kinds of short courses and special events to attract the young learners. Thus children and students are more exposed to the chances of learning in the natural ways. As a result what they see what they hear and what they feel in the different types of experiences become mental nutrients for them. In this way they are better prepared for entering schools and universities. In contrast to the well organized educational system in a city that of the countryside is very poor. Children and students also don't have any opportunity for further learning. They are only to be able to enter public schools which have restricted resources for learning. Of course you can argue that it is important for a child to have a chance to enjoy the amazing beauty of nature. The beauty of nature however can't teach anything by itself. Beginners of learning need someone to teach them how to appreciate it. At the same time they also need a teacher to help them to have an ability to appreciate art music paintings movies architecture and so on. Living in a city makes it easier for your children to get such kind of need and help which enables them to enjoy better quality of life. Nowadays the concern about health is getting higher than any other things in life. In fact the diversity and convenience of life and the educational environment can be second things for the people living in the modern society. People are willing to spend lots of their money to keep and improve their health. In this respect you had better live in a city. In big cities you can have many kinds of opportunities to keep in shape. You can take part in special programs for your specific purposes in sports centers. For instance you can participate in the three week course program for losing your weight or the shorter program for strengthening your muscle. Furthermore medical facilities and emergency services as well as sports centers are easily accessible than in the countryside. Even when you confront an unexpected disease or an accident you can find a nearby hospital before long. On the contrary the situation in the countryside is the opposite. For example my mother who is still living in my hometown once had a problem with her eyes. An immediate treatment was needed for her eyes. However to my sorry there was no medical center to take care of her. Thus she had to take the bus and after more than an hour she could get to a hospital in a small city. Fortunately with the treatment there she did not lose her eyesight but she still suffers with her eyes sometimes. If there had been any hospital nearby like in cities the result would have been different. In conclusion living in a city has distinctive advantages that let you enjoy the quality of life such as the diversity and convenience the well organized educational environment and the medical facilities and emergency services. Of course there are some disadvantages in living in a city like traffic problem pollution and so on. However the advantages surpass the disadvantages. Furthermore cars and highways help you to experience the beauty of nature in the countryside. Now the answer is clear. Choose to live in a city and it will make your life more excited abundant and secure. Also it will also be a good investment for your children for their future.
