Since I came in the U. S I have tried to watch TV as often as I can because watching TV is very effective to improve English especially listening. Having watched TV in the U. S I have found several differences between the advertisements ads. Of Korea and the U. S. Each of them reflects their society culture and trends which makes me really interested. Specifically they are different with respect to the dependency on stars the approach for conveying product information and reflection of social trends. The most interesting thing of differences I found is that the ads dependency on stars is very large in Korea while the U. S prefers ordinary people as ads model. Many ads in the U. S try to give trust on products they are advertising to consumers by representing ordinary people in ads. The people in ads often tell consumers about their experiences or effects related to products as if talking to friends. They might be either people who have experienced those products or just are employed for ads. Regardless of that it can help consumers enough to feel trust on products. On the other hands more than 60 percentages of ads in Korea have popular stars. Adopting stars on ads can bring other effects unlike ordinary people. It is very effective to make consumers feel intimacy about products. As watching stars they prefer in ads consumers could get familiar with products and receive a good impression. However the dependency on stars is too large that the cost for stars is getting increase more than average 5 hundreds millions. Nowadays many advertisers in Korea prefer to employ Hollywood stars as well as domestic due to outstanding effects in contrast with costs. Other predominant aspect is that the Korea ads are emotional for conveying product information whereas things of the U. S tend to be intelligent. Many of the U. S ads try to include much information in them so we can easily watch the ads showing up their phone numbers at the end of ads. They want to show up as much of their merits and information as possible within limited time. The ads in the U. S more focus on conveying practical information about products. In contrast the ads of Korea have a feature that content is simpler and tries to convey a feeling or an image. So many ads often use a specific persons' image. For instance some cosmetic company in Korea adopted ANON_NAME_0 Alba as a model one year ago. Her image being glamorous and sexy matched that cosmetic ad very well and the ad could convey the feeling of the cosmetic even without any mention. Consequently that ad succeeded in appealing many consumers. The last difference is that the Korea ads reflect trends more quickly than the U. S. It means when some trends emerge the time to reflect them into the ads is very short. The ads of the U. S need longer time to reflect trends as well as consisting of various topics regardless of trends. However the case of Korea is opposite. For example when there was a trend about well being which is a life style to consider physical and mental health the most important issue in life most ads paid attention to the health care issue. From beverages like green tea to heath care programs almost all ads had a topic related to the well being. In brief three differences
