When students enter universities most students tend to apart from their houses and live by their own. When they look for their housing they can choose to live in a dormitory on campus or live in an apartment that is off campus housing. Depending on people's distinct background and personal experiences some people think that living in university dormitories is better due to saving money and convenient location for studying others think that living in apartment outside university is more acceptable for more benefits. If given the choice I would prefer to live in n apartment in the community around my university for several reasons. Living in off campus housing you can establish your own lifestyle. For university students it is important for students to be independent of their parents. Living in university housing also has its advantages of course. For example there are likely to be people in your classes living in the same building so you can get help with homework easily. In addition you can meet many foreign students so you can acquire many different cultures. It is useful for you to improve your communication skill thanks to speaking in English everyday. Also because most dormitories have cafeteria in the building you do not need to worry about meal. But for me there are more advantages to living in an apartment in the community. For instance living in apartments I do not need to care my privacy. I have a little nervous temperament so I would like to hearing noise that someone is speaking or avoid being interrupted by someone while studying. If I live in apartment I can concentrate on studying with nobody talking to. In short I feel comfortable to protect my privacy and calm to study. Moreover seeing the way people outside the university live can help me to understand what I am learning in my social science classes. What I appreciate most about living off campus is the opportunity to see how academic ideas about social relations work in society. For example we studied the ways that race education income and gender affect voting patterns. Because I lived in a neighborhood outside my university I was able on voting day to see the way those patterns came to life in the groups of people who came to vote. I would not have been able to do this if I had lived and voted on campus because everyone there has the same education level. It is difficult for me to research how different category people are likely to vote on election. Thus for my education living in apartment is useful to comprehend social movement. By contrast I dislike being around other students all the time because our thinking can get very narrow. One example of this is the way we talked about labor policies in my economic sociology class without ever talking to any real working class people to see whether our conclusions were accurate. I cannot discuss practical issues with students. If I talk with my neighbor who has worked for twenty years I can have opportunities to think issues by various views. It is also easy to get sick of hearing everyone around you complain about the same problems with exams and professors. This behavior annoys me and might lead me to fall out my roommates. In order to extend my wisdoms I had not better stay dormitories. Therefore I prefer to live in an apartment in the community. While dormitory living may suit some people I appreciate exposure to different ways of thinking that I can get in an off campus apartment. If you would like to broaden your social possibilities living in apartment helps to form your economic character.
