Before coming we usually have many imagic about a new country whose culture. For example Having been there I have found two things to be different and a similar thing from what I magined necessity of a car and low price of goods. The first thing which gives me a shock is necessity of a car in the U. S. Before coming I thought the American is an advance and modern country. It isnt important and necessary for having a car. Public transportation must be con. There are many kinds of transportations which are quick and converient. Such as subway train and bus. Ever I thought I may take subway or train or bus if I have only a ticket at the same day. In contrast when I came to the U. S. I was disportant to Public transportation. Train and subway arent important transportations. Bus is a popular transportation but it isnt converient. For example the bus in Pittsburgh has been thought more converient than the bus in other city. But only Satuaday and Sunday there are few period it is difficult for daily. The shopping Mall are built far away. So if you dont have the car you wont comfortable in your life. The second thing is price of goods. Before I came to the U. S. I thought price of goods is high. When I came to the U. S. I found it was not true. I was surprised. I remember I had bought nice pants only 2 dollars. I couldnt believe it. However it was real happened. Lately I understood if you know some tricks you can buy goods of low price. For example usually on holiday many stores have a big sale. Sometimes there are not only 75 off but also there are extra 30 50 off. You are surprised by low price. It is interesting . In spite of these differences. However I found similar to magin. Before coming I thought the American people are friendly. Its true. If you meet someone who dont know each other they give you a smile or say hello. Your feeling is comfortable. In conclusion when you come to a new country different your magine you should open your eyes and adjust your attitute. You enioy your life in the U. S.
