America is call to a nation on wheels while recent ten years China's auto market has been booming. Both of them have a huge number of autos nowadays. You could find any model of cars in China that are running in America. You even could buy the car in China that is totally same with the car that you are driving in America. But when you do begin to consider buying a car in China you will find many things are similar with America and the other things are different with America. If you do want to buy the same car with in America the first thing you could be surprised is the car's price in China. In your opinion most things in China are cheaper than in America. But in fact the car that an America has must be an imported car for Chinese. Chinese have to pay tax for it besides the car's price. Hence it is more expensive than the same car in America or Europe. Take some cars like Ford Focus it is sold 13 715 in US ANON_URLSITE_while the price of Focus in China is RMB 123 800 ANON_URLSPAGE_almost equals to 16 300 US . In the other hand you could find many kinds of domestic cars which is really cheap in China. Some small cars are even cheaper than a motorcycle. The most popular small car in China is Chery QQ which is only RMB 29 800 equals to 4 000 US . Known the prices you will need to know the process of buying a car. In America we always visit some dealers to negotiate a balance price. Similarly you also buy a car from dealer which is called 4S store in China. 4S are initials of 4 words Sale Spare part Service and Survey. You could have known what do 4S stores do from the name. Like dealers in America 4S store sell cars parts and supply service about cars. Before I first did the maintenance in dealer in US I thought the process might be different with in China. But after I finished it I was totally surprised about the almost same process. Only one thing is different. In America you are not allowed to enter the workshop to look how they operate your car when you repair or do maintenance with your car. Unlike in America in 4S store you can observe the whole work and even talk with the mechanic about your car. You could learn more about your car through this way. After you buy the car the most important thing is insurance. Likewise America you can not drive a car without any insurance. You can buy insurance in insurance company and the policy also similar to American insurance company. In the other hand the difference still exists between America and China. Unfortunately if you have an accident and your car need be repaired. In America you can select any dealer or garage or chain store to repair your car even you could just let it is and don't repair it if the damage is not serious. Finally the insurance company will give you a check which is the payment for your car's damage. But in China every insurance company has lots of relative 4S stores. You can select any one from them and repair your car there without pay anything. The 4S stores will send the bill to insurance company. In my opinion driving a car in America and in China has many similarities and differences. For me it's really interesting. I can't know it if I haven't been living in America. Living abroad do make people know more interesting things.
