Topic compare and contrast yourself and another member of your family Outline 1. Characteristics 2. Personality 3. Interests I have a sister who is one year older than me. We had been living together before I entered the university. Even though I moved to another city to go to the university I went back my home almost every weekend to see my sister. Since we were children we have spent a lot of time together. For example we have talked about our worries gone shopping very often traveled abroad over ten times. Our friends often asked us why my sister and I could get along so well because we were always together. There are several similarities and differences between us in three ways characteristics personality and interests. First of all there are some similarities and differences in terms of characteristics. I am 153 centimeters tall and my sister is too. My shoe size is also similar to hers. Therefore we can exchange our clothes and shoes each other. On the other hand my features of face are very different her features of face. For example her nose is higher than mine and her eyes are smaller than mine. Our features of face are so different that people who meet us for the first time don't recognize we are sisters. Second we have some similarities and differences in personality. I am not sociable and she is too. For example I prefer eating dinner with my family or close friends to eating with many people who don't know well each other. Likewise she doesn't like to spend a long time with people like that. However she is more aggressive than me. Although she likes to make a speech in public I am timid and cannot be at ease in public. When we travel abroad and I want to complain about something she always insists on the opinion instead of me. Finally we are similar and different in interests. When it comes to interests we have much more similarities than differences. For example we both love musicals and dances especially classical ballet. So we had been practicing ballet for a long time before I left for Pittsburgh. We often went to see musicals or ballet together. Moreover my taste of foods or cloths is similar to her taste. We both have a weakness for breads and cakes. However we have different interests in learning. After I entered a high school I majored in a science subject. In contrast she majored in a liberal arts because she didn't like studying mathematics. As a result she became a teacher at university and she is studying about English literature while I became a doctor and I am studying medical science. In conclusion we have several similarities and also have differences in characteristics personality and interests. I suppose the reason why my sister and I can get along so well even after we grew up is because there are some differences between us. For example if we both were working as a doctor or teacher and my personality was same as her personality we might not be what we are today. In fact I want to talk with her about my problems because I know she has a different idea from what I have. I hope in future we can accept these differences and maintain our relationship as before.
