My sister and I lived together almost for sixteen years. When I was sixteen years old she started to live at school because she became a college student. She only comes home on weekends sometimes she even does not come back. There are some similarities between my sister and me there also are some differences between us like personality interest and habit. My sister's and my personality are entirely different. I am a little bit neat with the place I stay. I like to put everything back to their places once I cleaned them up. And it is more convenience to find what I want if they are at their places. On the other hand my sister does not do well at keeping her clothes books and any other personal materials organized. She will put them at a place she sees first when she came home. So she always needs me to help her find them. Although she cannot organize her clothes books and personal materials she is a good leader. She is good at managing when she and her classmates are doing groups work. She can tell them which step is the most important that needs to do first and which should do next. She will be the person who leads in front of people and that is different from me. I do not like to lead in front of people because I am a low keyed person. I can tell people which should do first and which should do next but it is private. Also she can make decision once she has problems by choosing which clothes she would buy which shoes are fit her than others or what she wants to eat when it is lunch or dinner time. I need to spend a lot of time making a decision therefore I am learning how to make decision quickly and correctly. For interest she likes to eat breads and cakes and so do I. She often brings cheese and garlic flavor breads home after she came back from school and she always buy two bags of them. Sometimes she brings cheese and original flavor buns instead. Both breads and buns are delicious that I want to eat every day in my life. Both my sister and me like outdoor activities but we do not like to be tanned. Most people in Taiwan do not like that because it is not good for our skin. Therefore we often choose evening time to have activities with our friends. She likes cute little dolls as much as I do. When she sees them on a street during the shopping she will buy them if she can. Although I like cute little dolls I also like unique products for example punk products. Every time I hang out with my friends I went to punk shops that I familiar with to find something new. But my sister does not like that she said it is different from her style. And she is good at design new pictures whereas I am not. I need to be inspired by some examples but my sister she does not need that. She can draw a picture without thinking too much though my draw is better than her. There are several different habits between my sister and me. She likes to eat a lot and quickly but she also wants to diet. I always need to tell her not to eat too fast or she will eat more than she used to eat. And I also need to remind her not to eat too much when she is at home during meals time because there are too many tasty foods. However I like to eat as slow as I can not only good for health but also good for diet. I can control how much I eat and will not eat too much. Also I can control myself not to have too many desserts or snacks during meals. For clothe style she likes neutral style on the other hand I prefer more lady style. When we went to shopping she liked to see clothes with cute pictures on them. Although I like cute pictures sometimes I think they are too childish. But she helps me a lot on how to wear clothes that can let people feel I am much more adultness. Although we have many differences on habit and personality we have more similarities on interest and that helps us to get along for long times. We both like cute little dolls. So sometimes when she wants to buy something for me she knows what she can buy. And we both like outdoor activities. When she has plans with her friends she will take me with her. It is really pleasing that I have a sister like her.
