Topic Compare and contrast some aspect of your culture such as eating habits education government economy religion or social life with the same aspect of another culture Main Points 1. Eating habits and food 2. Beliefs and habits 3. Clothes Every society has unique culture. Most people in any societies follow their culture because they have been familiar with that culture since they were born. Culture in Eastern countries is very different from Western countries. Thailand is a country in South East Asia which has gorgeous culture. On the other hand the U. S. Which is in North America has many different cultures which come from various countries. Comparing and contrasting some aspect of culture from Thailand with the U. S. Are interesting. Eating habits and food beliefs and habits and clothes are three main points of comparison and contrast between Thailand and the U. S. The first point which is considered is eating habits and food. According to utensils both countries use a folk when they have a meal. But the difference comes from using another utensil. Most Thai people use a spoon with a folk in contrast most Americans always use a knife even though they eat rice. Because of that they always make a table dirty when they eat it. The taste of American food is also different from Thai food. American food is salty bland and fatty however Thai food is spicy and has a lot of herbs which are healthy. Surprisingly most American people don't like to serve shrimp and fish which are still attached. They always cut their head out before serving. It is very different from Thailand. Some Thai people like to eat fat in shrimp's head and fish's cheek meat so they usually serve shrimp and fish which are still attached. Another point is beliefs and habits. Most Thai people are Buddhist while most Americans are Christian. That is why Thailand has a lot of temples and the U. S. Has a lot of churches. Moreover Thai people think every place has angles so they build a shrine in their houses for paying respect to them and hope that an angle will protect their house and their family. Unlike Thai people American people don't have any shrine in their houses. They don't believe in unscientific approval like that. In addition to American habits they like to toss out appliances on sidewalk whereas Thai people like to keep every appliance even broken refrigerator because they usually fix it and fixing cost is less expensive than the U. S. Clothes in both countries are similar and different in some points. Nowadays the world is globalization. People in both countries have very similar clothes. They wear jeans t shirts and flip flop in everyday life. Women wear jeans when they travel or men wear suit and tie when they work at office. According to traditional clothes Thai traditional clothes are totally different from American traditional clothes. Many traditional clothes in Thailand are made of silk and have different appearance from American traditional clothes which are suit and dress. Furthermore school uniform is a point which can be seen the difference easily. Thai students have to wear a school uniform when they go to school. Unlike Thai students American students can wear any clothes they want. Thailand is a country in Eastern country though the U. S. Is a country in Western country which culture from both countries is very different. There are a few similar aspects of culture in both countries. Comparing and contrasting both countries with eating habits and food beliefs and habits and clothes make you know the difference between both countries well. However people from both countries can form friendship with each other although they have different culture.
