Topic Types of mistakes people make when learning a second language Main points 1. Grammar 2. Pronunciation 3. Vocabulary Language is the most important tool for communication. Especially humans communicate with each other by using their own language. Some countries use the same language as others but have a different accent for example English is used in England the United States and Australia or Spanish is used in Spain Mexico and Argentina. So studying a second language is necessary for globalization especially studying English because most countries all over the world use English for doing business or being use in newspaper web sites or movies. However people who learn English as a second language usually make mistakes when using it. There are three types of mistakes when learning English as a second language grammar pronunciation and vocabulary. Using incorrect grammar is a mistake which usually happens in the first couple years of studying English. First of all English has 12 grammar tenses which are used to make sentences. They make learners confused because some countries such as Thailand or China don't have any tenses for describing the past time and the future time. Due to this problem learners from those countries usually make mistakes when they have a conversation in English. In addition to the gerund and the infinitive learners have to remember which verbs are followed by the gerund or the infinitive. It's quite hard for someone who has just learned it. If they want to use them correctly they should take time to study practice and be familiar with them. Some learners avoid this problem by using only the infinitive because they don't know which verbs should be followed by the infinitive or the gerund. Then wh what instead of where when they ask a question to find out a place. Another type of mistake is pronunciation. Because some learners come from a country which has different ways to make sounds comparing with English making some consonant sounds are very difficult for them. Learners from some countries in Asia such as Thailand China and Japan are stuck with r l and z sounds. They make r sound like l sound or z sound like s or j sound. The intonation is also a problem for them. Some languages don't have the intonation when they speak consequently learners often forget to raise the level of the voice at the end of the question structures. Next the stressed sounds in English are another problem for them. Some words have differently stressed sound in each form noun verb adjective and adverb such as the words adaptation adapt and adaptable . Learners have to be familiar with them to solve this problem. The last type of mistakes is using words. At the beginning learners often translate words in their language into English. Sometimes it's acceptable but there is another word which is better. Using singular or plural forms of word is another problem for learners. Many of them forget to use the singular verb with a singular pronoun for example they use the verb have with the pronoun she . Moreover they usually use wrong prepositions because they try to use prepositions which make the same meaning as in their language but it's not suitable in English. People who learn English as their second language usually make mistakes about grammar pronunciation vocabulary and word forms. Most problems occur because they attempt to translate sentences in their language into English. The best way for them to solve these problems is practicing as much as they can and correcting their mistake every time when it happens.
