Some of you may have the fantasy about the life in the countryside. You may want to wake up with the sound of birds spend time in the midst of flowers and hovering bees walk through tall trees breathing fresh air and sit on a cozy couch reading a book. Spending one or two days doing those kinds of things would be wonderful. Even three or four days might be good. However how about ten days or more Do you think it would still be attractive and wonderful to you I don't think so. I grew up in a small town spending 16 years there and then moved to a big city therefore I have experienced both the good and the bad sides of each. From my personal experience I have reached the conclusion that due to the better quality of life it is better to live in a city than to live in the countryside. To begin with living in a city offers you diversity. The city is the symbol of human civilization and thus there are lots of places to visit different kinds of cultural activities to enjoy and many helpful facilities to use. In fact cities allow you to taste the richness and excitement of human life. There is a wide assortment of museums movie theatres opera houses clubs parks and stadiums for various sports games. In addition you can find a lot of shopping malls around your neighborhood where you can buy every day necessities at a low price. That is you can have easy access to plenty of products with a wide range of choice. As a result your life can be more convenient and satisfactory. Whereas people living in a city can benefit from this variety people in the countryside seldom have those advantages. Indeed life in the countryside is very monotonous. Today is like a copy of yesterday. Something new or different from day to day is hard to find. With respect to the diversity of life it is almost an annual event to experience cultural richness such as movies music concerts and sports games. Also you have only a limited choice for your food and your daily essentials. Of course you can enjoy beautiful scenery and a serene and quiet environment in the countryside. However they can't be compensation for the monotony and the inconvenience in the life of the countryside. Therefore living in a city is a better option because of its diversity. In addition living in a city is advantageous not only for an individual but also for a family due to the educational environment. Education is the best investment for the future of a person. In fact it is no exaggeration to say that the level of education decides the quality of future life. In this aspect a city holds the better position over the countryside. For example cities usually offer well managed libraries and other educational facilities such as science center and natural science museum for children and students. Moreover they have various kinds of short courses and special events like story time with the well known author and puppet show with famous animation characters to attract young learners. Thus children and students are more often exposed to the chances of learning. As a result what they see what they hear and what they feel in the different types of experiences become mental nutrients for them. In this way they are better prepared for entering schools and universities. In contrast to the well organized educational system in a city that of the countryside is very poor. Children and students don't have any opportunity for further learning. They are only to be able to enter public schools which have restricted resources for learning. Of course you can argue that it is important for a child to have a chance to enjoy the amazing beauty of nature. Yes it is. Children should be given a chance to appreciate the beauty of nature. However it doesn't mean that they should live in the countryside. Children also need a teacher to help them to have an ability to appreciate art music paintings movies architecture and so on. Living in a city makes it easier for your children to get such kind of help which enables them to enjoy better quality of life. Nowadays the concern about health is getting higher than any other things in life. In fact the diversity of life and the educational environment are secondary to health for the people living in the modern society. People are willing to spend lots of their money to keep and improve their health. In this respect life in the city is also better. In big cities you can have many kinds of opportunities to keep in shape. You can take part in special programs for your specific purposes in sports centers. For instance you can participate in the three week course program for losing your weight or the shorter program for strengthening your muscle. Furthermore medical facilities and emergency services as well as sports centers are more easily accessible than in the countryside. Even when you confront an unexpected disease or an accident you can find a nearby hospital quickly. On the contrary the situation in the countryside is the opposite. For example my mother who is still living in my hometown once had a problem with her eyes. An immediate treatment was needed for her eyes. However to my sorrow there was no medical center to take care of her. Thus she had to take the bus and after more than an hour she finally got to a hospital in a small city. Fortunately with the treatment there she did not lose her eyesight but she still suffers with her eyes sometimes. If there had been a hospital nearby like in cities the result would have been different. In conclusion living in a city has distinctive advantages that let you have a higher quality of life such as diversity well organized educational environment and medical facilities and emergency services. Of course there are some disadvantages in living in a city like traffic problem pollution and so on. However the advantages surpass the disadvantages. Furthermore cars and highways help you to travel to experience the beauty of nature in the countryside. Now the answer is clear. Choose to live in a city and it will make your life more exciting abundant and secure. Also it will also be a good investment for your children for their future.
