Turkey and China are very different in many ways. In addition to population economy and administration regime are very different between these two countries. In order to compare these countries we shuld examine these subjects about these countries. First of all with about 1. 5 Billion population China is the most crowded country in the world. This number is 15 times bigger than Turkey population. Because of the big population China has carried out some policies for 34 years in order to restrict population boost. According to this policy one family may have only one child. In other words having more than one child is forbidden. Whereas Turkey has about 80 million population and there is no restriction of population increase. Even though providing inhabitants food and clothes is quite important problem in China Turkey works in order to increase living standards of its citizens. Therefore when accepting a policy China has to take its big population into consideration. Accordingly population is very distinctive between China and Turkey. On the other hand population significantly affects economic structure in these countries. Especially China is one of countries whose per capita income is pretty low and other countries whose per capita income is higher than China can't compete with China. Constantly producing and growing Chinese economy is the third biggest economy in the world. Turkey also grows constantly and aims at being the 10th biggest economy within the next 10 years. But with roughly 3 trillion dollars national income Chinese economy is six times bigger than Turkey economy. Notwithstanding per capita income in Turkey is three times higher than per capita income of China. Shortly Chinese economy is fairly bigger than Turkish economy but according to per capita income Turkish economy is better than Chinese economy. Finally if I compare with China and Turkey in respest of administration systems it reveals some differences. China has socialist system. It means that government controls every thing such as income distribution investment and urbanization. Moreover government decides what farmers produce and how this product distributes. Whereas Turkey has liberalist system and government doesn't intervene private sector. Government only regulates necessary rules and laws and then inspects them. Private sector decide itself what it invest and how. But recently China has been undergoing a big transformation. China is relatively liberalist that Chinese people say Socialist Market Economy . Nevertheless Turkey system and Chinese system are very different. As a result after taking differences between China and Turkey into consideration with enormous population and huge land China is a gigantic country and pretty bigger than Turkey. Although Chinese economy is the third biggest economy in the world per capita income of Turkey is higher than China. Hence China and Turkey are quite dissimilar two countries.
