People who learn English as a second language can make some mistakes when studying English. In order to learn English effectively they should know what types of mistakes they make and why they make them. Especially to want to master English quickly to use a dictionary that translates words from English into their native language and to think in their native language are the three most important problems that these people are confronted with. The first mistake is to want to master English quickly but learning English can take a long time. Naturally after the age of 30 studying English is very difficult and needs patience. For example I forget more easily meaning of words and grammar rules than 10 years ago. In addition the most influential learning method is to live with English. This situation also takes years. Therefore people should study slowly and live with English so that they learn English gradually and effectively. Secondly people usually use an English dictionary that translates words from English into their native language when studying English. Learning English this method causes to be mastered English hardly. Because meaning of some words is not equal to usage and translating meaning. For instance when I use English Turkish dictionary I make a lot of mistakes and sometimes can't find the meaning of some words correctly. Hence looking up English words in an English dictionary is one of the most important strategies for learning English. Finally thinking in their native language is one of the most common mistakes. Under this condition before speaking and writing people usually think in their native languages and then translate it. In the same way after listening to some English lectures or conversations they translate them into their native language and then try to understand. While life flows very quickly people must think in English. For this reason people who want to learn English should compel themselves to think English. As a result when studying and learning English everyone can make some mistakes. Particularly learning very quickly using an unsuitable dictionary and not thinking in English are the most common mistakes. In order to eliminate them it should be known what the defects are why they are made and how to solve them.
