The traditional and modern wedding ceremonies in Korea Comparison between traditional and modern ceremonies the place clothes banquet My country Korea has a very long history about over 5 000 years so the culture is unique and has been continued. The wedding ceremony also has its own style traditionally. However according the time's going on the style has been changing. Therefore nowadays the bride and groom choose the wedding ceremony style between traditional and modern or make it as a fusion style. There are several differences between traditional and modern wedding ceremonies and people can understand them and decide the style they want. The traditional wedding place is the bride's parents' house. The bride must leave her parents and hometown and live in the house of husband's parents after wedding in traditionally. So the wedding ceremony day is the last day when the bride stays in her parents' house and the bride's parents must prepare the wedding ceremony with responsibility. The wedding ceremony make relatives and neighbors gather in the house as a kind of big party of the village. The groom and his families come to the bride's house in the wedding day morning and then stay there for several days. After that the bride and the groom go to the groom's house which the couple would live together with the groom's parents. However the couple decides the wedding ceremony place according to their situation and prepares the wedding ceremony together in the modern style. Because they don't need to live with the groom's parents they go to the honeymoon after the ceremony and then live in their new house. And they invite their relatives and friends instead of neighbors also make the ceremony more private one than before. The wedding ceremonial robes are different between the traditional and modern ceremony. They are used to wearing the traditional Han Bok as ceremonial suites in the traditional style but they are wearing the white wedding dress and the tuxedo in the modern style. All of the suites are very beautiful and gorgeous in common but the styles are very different. The traditional suites are made by silk and the colors are very splendid and designed by fine embroidery also need delicate ornaments made by precious jewels. Finally the bride and groom put on the traditional hats. The modern wedding dress and tuxedo are very common style in many nations and you can imagine the style in your head. The banquet styles are different between them. The wedding ceremony day is a kind of village party in traditional style. The bride's parents invite the whole relatives and neighbors on that day and hold the banquet for several days. They congratulate the new couple and enjoy the banquet. But in the modern ceremony they invite their relatives and friends on that day. After the wedding ceremony they eat foods and congratulate the couple in the wedding place and then get back home. As time goes on the style of wedding ceremony has changed. Most young people choose the modern style ceremony for their weddings because they think that the traditional style is not suitable in thesedays like the way of preparing the amount of visitors and the scale of banquet. However the traditional style is still remained and put away the sorts of them in the modern wedding ceremony as a part of it even some people who like the traditional wedding ceremony choose the style as their own wedding.
