Which is better living in the country or in the city It is a difficult question to answer because both have good and bad points. However age is an important factor when deciding where to live. In my opinion it is better to live in the country when you are young and it is more comfortable to live in the city when you get old. There are two reasons for it. The first reason is convenience. If you live in the country you cannot live without cars. Each form of public transportation runs only a few times a day and if you miss one you just have to give up going out. Also you cannot find many stores which are open late at night. If you have something that you forget to buy you have to wait until the next day. On the other hand there are many forms of public transportation in the city. You can take trains buses taxies and subway and they often run. Even if you don't have a car you don't feel any inconvenience. In addition you can find a lot of convenience stores and supermarkets which are open 24 hours a day in the city. When you are young you will have no problems in living in the inconvenience because you have physical strength and are full of vigor. You can drive anywhere even to a distant place to get what you want. However when you get old it will be dangerous to drive a car by yourself. Even if you want to go shopping or go to a hospital you have very few means to go there in the country. Moreover you may feel sick more often when you get old and sometimes you don't want to make dinner. You can get dinner easily in the city at that time but it may be difficult to find restaurants and stores in the country. You will feel more comfortable in living in the convenient life of the city. The second reason is entertainment. If you live in the country you have fewer chances to have access to entertainment and social activities. Even if you want to go to some concerts or see your friends it may take a lot of time and money. You may have to leave your house early in the morning or even one day before the event. This discourages most people from going out for those activities. In comparison there are many facilities in the city like concert halls museums theaters and so on. You can easily visit those places and have more chances to enjoy art cultural sports and social activities. When you are young even if some concerts are held at a distant place or you have to drive for long hours to meet your friends you don't mind it and will go out. On the other hand when you get old you may hesitate to go out for a good art exhibition in a faraway place. You have to think about your physical condition first and you may have fewer and fewer chances to go to those activities and see your friends. Living in the country means that you can enjoy clean air and water and fresh vegetables. Also it is less expensive and you may be able to have a big house with a garden and cars for each person in your family. Those are great parts of living in the country but it also needs heavy physical work to take care your house and garden. When you get old it will be a burden and you will find it easier and more comfortable to live in an apartment in the city. Everyone has different conditions when he she decides where to live and age is one of the most important factors.
