Education System U. S. A Vs. K. S. A The education system is undoubtedly different in every country. Each system might have good and bad points that require changing and adjusting every year or so. Sometimes some education systems in different countries have similarities. For example the education system in the U. S. Is similar to the Saudi's education system in some points like the number of the study from the elementary school until the graduation from high school is 12 years similarly it is 12 years also in S. A. In addition In the U. S. Children enter the elementary school when they are six years old which is the same approach in Saudi Arabia. Despite these similarities there are also some differences between the two systems. Students need to enjoy school otherwise it will be boring and they are going to hate going to it. The U. S. Education System USES obviously cares vastly about the students. Extra curricular activities are the most popular part of the USES that makes the students love the school so they want to go to the school everyday. In the USES they have such a huge kind of curricular in the schools like football soccer baseball basketball and ext. They have this many kind of curricular because everyone has different hobby so they want the students find whatever they like. That's why the USES is classified as a successful education system. In contrast to the USES Saudi Arabian education system SAES doesn't have that large amount of extra curricular activities it just has a few number of extra curricular activities like soccer and volleyball which is not a good point of our education system in Saudi Arabia after one or two weeks from starting the study most of the students reject going to school. In Saudi Arabia I can say that we have just soccer to enjoy so the extra curricular activities is limited students can not find their desires. Despite the convivial atmosphere that we have in our schools it still has a scarcity and it is a culpable system. As a result no one likes to go to school nowadays in Saudi Arabia. USES and SAES also differ in studying in class method especially in study group or pairs. Teachers in the U. S. Like to let the students work together in groups or in pairs and that is a useful path for the students. This approach for example gives the students the opportunity to see each other's work and share their ideas so they can enhance their thinking way by see someone else's work. It also makes the class's atmosphere pleasant because it gives the chance to do something else instead of just looking at the teacher during the class. SAES on the other hand follows the old fashioned path to teach which make every student work individually. The student can not share his ideas with his classmates so he she doesn't know how the other students work or think. Some teachers say that working individually is good thing because it examines the individual student ability not the other students. In addition it forces the student to work instead of relying on his classmates. To sum up even though every country or state has its own education system that they choose to benefit from the USES is an ultimate example of an exemplary education system that the other should follow to raise the students' potentials. Education systems in everywhere have some weaknesses even the USES but that doesn't mean that it is not a good system. I encourage the people who are responsible about his country's education system to try to find what its weaknesses are and fix them and develop them to make them better and eliminate its shortages or weaknesses.
