Eating habit is one of the most popular issue when we talk about differences of various country's cultures. Historically after World War Japan was strongly influenced by an American culture. My mother who experienced World War in her childhood said that when American soldiers came to the town with their jeep children gathered and surrounded the jeep because the American soldiers gave them chocolates. My mother surprised at the taste of white bread which she ate at first time. Since then a lot of American foods were introduced to our country. And some of them were improved to match with Japanese taste and they become as if they are traditional Japanese foods. But I believe that fundamentally eating habit is not easily changed. In this essay I try to compare the eating habit between Japan and the U. S. There are some similarities about eating habit between Japan and the US. First same as the US we usually eat meals three times per day and we think the dinner is most important at the point of its amount quality and time which we take to eat it. Second Americans most of which are Christian fundamentally have no foods which are inhibited to eat by religion. In Japan we have also no religious limitation on foods. Third point is enthusiasm for healthy foods. Recently in most of American supermarkets we can see organic foods fatless foods sugar free drinks and foods for vegetarians. Also in Japan people tend to want more healthy and safety foods. On TV large amount of information about the influence of food to the health is delivered. In this way some similarities between both countries certainly exist. Asian people have similar eating habits but when we compared it between Japan and the U. S there are a lot of differences because the Americans are western people. We use chopsticks but Americans use a knife and a folk. We eat fish and rice but Americans eat meat and bread. But I think the key ward is the extremes when we talk about this issue. At first I surprised at the amount of a meal when I came to the U. S. At first time. Certainly American people have larger physique than Japanese. But even if I regard about this I think that the amount of a meal is too large and it has too excessive calories to eat at once. Second the taste is also excessive. In the most of American foods salty foods are too salty and sweaty foods are too sweaty for Japanese. There are a lot of foods which quality themselves are not so bad but which I can't eat because of their too salty taste. On the other hand some American foods have no taste and we need to add salt or ketchup when we eat it. The last issue is the enthusiasm for the health. Certainly many healthy foods which regulate some nutrients such as fat sugar salt etc. Are found in the showcase of American supermarkets. But I think this is just the obverse side of how most of Americans are usually careless about their health. On the one side some people are fanatic to their health and on the other side people continue to take an incredible amount of calories every day. There is one pound beef steak next to Tofu hamburger in the same showcase. That is America I think. There are some similarities and many differences between Japan and the U. S. But recently traditional Japanese foods become less popular among young people. They always eat fast food and not so serious as the US but children's obesity is gradually becoming social problem. Westernized foods are considered to be one of the reason for increasing heart disease and diabetes. Allesio Vinci reported that twenty years ago in Italy when the first MacDonald's store was built near Spain plaza slow food movement has been activated by people who against fast food. In this concept people make traditional foods using organic materials. It takes a long time to make them but the foods have genuine taste and their nutrition is healthy for people. I think that Japanese should reconsider about our traditional food and recognize its importance. Allesio Vinci. Slow and easy. 17 Jun 2007. 18 Jul. 2007 ANON URLPAGE
