Living in city or countryside Living in a city is very different from living in countryside. In fact I have lived in both city and countryside since I got a job in the military hospital in Riyadh the capital of Saudi Arabia. Therefore I have to live city life during the academic year and the country life in a village in a small city in the southern province of kingdom during the summertime. This big gap between these different atmospheres makes me aware of daily life differences and the advantages and disadvantages of both places. One disadvantage of the city is its air pollution for example full of carbon dioxides and annoying car horn sound which may make life simply miserable because the daily need for good quality of sleep become hard to satisfy with all of that pollution. At the same time cars and factories carbonated gas wastes may cause heavy coughs for even nonsmokers which can endanger their lives or at least affect their health. In contrast the village has a very quiet refreshing atmosphere with no waste producer factories and with fewer cars passing. At the sometime the village usually has more green oxygen producer cover trees which enhance the level of oxygen in the air. . Another city disadvantage which I can think about is the crowdedness of the city such as its downtown people feel less safe because crowded areas may consist of poor people who are in need for money some aggressive ethnic groups and professional criminals. Conversely village side population is more homogeneous thus more safe because the number of people is less and the neighbors tend to know each other and build a kind of friendships which may limit the risk of the strangers. Finally the structural appearance of the city is totally different from the country side. The presence of fancy skyscrapers huge governmental buildings beautiful duple floor villas and big supermarkets make the life in the city like a fantastic dream full of lights and expectations. For example everything in the big stores of the city is available in vary prices from cheap to expensive price also enjoying international food in a hospitable restaurant is a matter of minutes. On the other hand small buildings small groceries and more green or empty spaces are the distinctive features of the countryside which give people a place to relax and have peace of mind. Therefore stressed people tend to go to countryside in their vacation. In conclusion both city and countryside have advantages and disadvantages which give different choices for different people desires and aims. So if safety health and peace of mind are your aim then living in a country side is something you should think of. On the other hand if fancy life styles such as five star hotels modern buildings and a lot of activities such as shopping at huge twenty four hour stores watching big carnies and fireworks then living in a city may fulfill your desires.
