Before I came here I had lived in Seoul Korea. Actually I was born in Seoul and I grew up in Seoul. So I knew Seoul's information such as transportation buildings and weather. I have been here for 10 month. I don't know about Pittsburgh exactly but I may know about it a little. I think the differences between Seoul and Pittsburgh are very different. First Seoul's transportation is very complicated and developed. Seoul's subway line has 10 lines. If someone doesn't use the map he she can't search a destination also bus lines are very useful because we make bus road for exclusive use. Seoul always has a heavy traffic but if we ride a bus we won't feel stuffy by heavy traffic. Pittsburgh's transportation is not complicated. Almost people don't use the subway and here rarely has a heavy traffic. Pittsburgh has bus lines for exclusive use too. And I can't see many taxies in Pittsburgh but I can see them in Seoul as much as in New York. Second Seoul's buildings are very high because our country is small. We have a lot of apartments over 15th floor. Actually if we go anywhere in Seoul most of buildings are high. Most of Pittsburgh's buildings are high as in downtown others are not. Here doesn't have high apartments because people usually live in private house. So I can see the sky clearly in here but Seoul which is blocked by high buildings is different. Third Seoul's weather is different from Pittsburgh. Seoul has a localized torrential downpour for month in July. We must be careful with the flood and many crops are damaged. Also Seoul is wet in summer so the sweat comes out easily. People's discomfort index is very higher in summer so rate of crime rises up. Pittsburgh is usually dry so clothes are dried easily. Pittsburgh often rains but is sunny at once. I think Pittsburgh has a very changeable weather so people's emotion is changed easily. In conclusion Seoul and Pittsburgh have many differences. And each of them has advantage and disadvantage. Even though their atmosphere such as buildings transportation weather both of them are beautiful cities for people to live.
