America is called to a nation on wheels for a long time. But in recent ten years China's auto market has been booming as well. So both countries have a huge number of autos nowadays. You could find any model of cars in China that are running in America. You even could buy the car in China that is totally same as the car that you are driving in America. But when you do begin to consider buying a car in China you will find that although there are many similarities between America and China but there are also some differences. If you do want to buy the same model of car in China as in America the first thing you might be surprised about is the car's price in China. In many people's opinion most things in China are cheaper than America. But in fact car is a good exception. A really American made car will be treated as imported cars in China's auto market. It means in China we have to pay lots of import tax for it besides the car's original price. So it is more expensive than the same car in America or Europe. Take some cars like Ford Focus as an example generally it is sold for 13 715 in the US ANON_URLSITE_while the price of same model of Focus in China is around 123 800 RMB ANON_URLSPAGE_. So it almost equals to 16 300 US . On the other hand you also can find many kinds of domestic cars which are really cheap in China. Some small cars are even cheaper than a motorcycle. The most popular small car in China is the Chery QQ which is only 29 800 RMB 4 000 US . After observing the different in price you might want to know the differences in other aspects such as the procedure of buying a car. In America we always visit some dealers to negotiate a fair price. Similarly you can also buy a car from dealer in China which is called 4S store . 4S are initials of 4 words Sale Spare part Service and Survey. You might know what 4S stores responsibilities from the name. Like dealers in America 4S store sell cars car parts and supply service maintenance about cars. Before I did my first maintenance work at the dealer in US I thought the process might be different from in China. But after I finished my maintenance I was totally surprised about the similarity of the whole process. It is almost same except one thing is different. In America you are not allowed to enter the workshop to look at how they operate your car when they are repairing or doing maintenance work with your car. But in China we can work in the maintenance workshop in 4S store to observe the whole work process and even talk with the mechanic about your car. You could learn more about your car through this way. After you buy the car the most important thing is insurance. Like in America you can't drive a car without insurance in China. You need to buy insurance from an insurance company and all detail things such as deductible collision liability bodily injure etc are also very similar to American insurance company. On the other hand some small differences still exist between America and China. For instance if you have an accident and your car need be repaired in America you can select any dealer or garage or chain store to repair your car even you don't have to repair it if the damage is not serious. After that the insurance company will give you a check which is the payment for your car's damage. But in China every insurance company has lots of relative 4S stores. You can select any one from those 4S stores and get your car repaired there without pay anything. The 4S stores will send the bill to insurance company. In my opinion auto market in America and in China has many similarities and differences. For me it's really interesting. I couldn't know that if I haven't been living in America. Living abroad does make people know more interesting things.
