The TOEFL or Test of English as a Foreign Language is an English proficiency exam which is offered in 180 countries around the world. The test is a requirement for many different programs of study in the United States including university studies at the undergraduate and graduate levels. Recently some major universities are trying to find alternate tests but these are still very rare. The Educational Testing Service ETS offer three types of TOEFL exam paper based PBT computer based CBT and internet based IBT . Before 1999 the TOEFL was only PBT. From 1999 to 2005 the TOEFL was administered primarily as a computer based test since then a new version of the test the IBT has been introduced and will be integrated worldwide. Though paper based tests are still offered in many parts of the world ETS is slowly phasing them out to encourage internet based testing. The computer based test was abolished in September 2006. Now students can take only PBT and IBT tests. For that reason I will compare these two types of exams. There are many differences between PBT and IBT but I will explain three major differences in the following paragraphs. First of all the sections of these two types of exams are very different. The PBT has three sections reading structure and listening. It also contains a writing portion known as the Test of Written English. In the reading section students read five passages and answer questions about them. They are tested on their ability to understand and analyze the information in the passages and their ability to understand the meanings of specific words as they are used in the passages. In the structure section students are tested on their ability to recognize structural and grammatical errors in sentences and on their ability to select the proper word or phrase to fill in the blank in a sentence. In the listening section students listen to both short and long conversations and speeches and then answer questions about the recordings. In this section ETS is tested students' ability to understand spoken English including vocabulary idiomatic expressions and grammatical constructions. In the Test of Written English section students write an essay in response to a given topic and students are evaluated on the development organization language and grammar of their writing. The IBT test has four sections reading listening writing and speaking. In the reading section students read three to five passages. After each academic reading passage students answer the questions which are posed about content intent of the author and ideas inferred from the passage. Unlike the PBT questions IBT questions require paraphrasing filling out tables or completing summaries. In the listening section students listen to conversations and lectures. Different from the PBT questions IBT questions test the students' ability to understand the content of these recordings and interpret the meanings and attitudes of the speakers. In the writing section students must answer two types of question not just one as in the PBT. One task requires test takers to defend a position relative to a specified general topic. In the other task a reading passage and a lecture are presented and test takers must answer a question relating the main points of both the passage and the lecture. Unlike the PBT test the IBT test includes a speaking section. This section contains questions relating to personal experiences or preferences as well as tasks that also involve reading passages and listening to short conversations and lectures. In this section students try to convey information explain ideas and defend opinions clearly coherently and accurately. Secondly on the PBT the total scaled score is based on three main sections which are reading structure and listening. The final PBT score ranges between 310 and 677 and is based on three subscores. The score scale for reading comprehension is 31 to 67. On the other hand listening comprehension and structure each have a score scale of 31 to 68. Unlike the IBT the score of the Writing section is not part of the final score instead it is reported separately on a scale of 0 kBT students will answers 36 to 70 reading questions in 60 to 100 minutes 34 to 51 listening questions in 60 to 90 minutes 6 speaking tasks two of which are independent in 20 minutes. Unlike the PBT on the IBT students write 2 tasks one of which is independent in 50 minutes. In conclusion until 2005 types of TOEFL exams did not test the ability to speak English. Because TOEFL did not measure this learners may neglect this part of their education to focus on the speaking skills. As a result many universities request incoming teaching assistants who are not native English speakers to take additional tests to ensure their ability to communicate with their students. At last ETS has developed the IBT that contains a speaking component. This is the primary reason it has become the preferred IBT among colleges in the United States as it provides the most accurate representation of a student's conversational English abilities. Actually IBT is much more difficult than PBT but lots of universities give an acceptance only with IBT score. Therefore if you want to take an acceptance for major universities as soon as possible you must prepare IBT and take enough scores.
