When students enter universities most students tend to leave from their parents' houses and live on their own. When they look for their housing they can choose to live in a dormitory on campus or live in an apartment that is off campus housing. Depending on people's distinct background and personal experiences some people think that living in university dormitories is better others think that living in an apartment outside the university is more acceptable. If given the choice I would prefer to live in n apartment in the community around my university for several reasons. It is true that there are advantages to live in off campus housing that you can establish your own lifestyle. For university students it is important for students to be independent of their parents. Living in university housing has its advantages of course. For example there are likely to be people in your classes living in the same building so you can get help with homework easily. In addition since many foreign students are likely to live in dormitory and you might be roommate with them you can acquire many different cultures. Also because most dormitories have cafeteria in the building you do not need to worry about meal. But for me there are more advantages to living in an apartment in the community. For instance living in an apartment I do not need to worry about my privacy. I have a little bit of a nervous temperament so I would like to avoid hearing noise that someone is speaking or avoid being interrupted by someone while studying. If I live in apartment I can concentrate on studying with nobody talking to me. In short I feel comfortable that I can protect my privacy and be calm to study. In addition students living in off campus can be more independent of economic condition. Living in university housing students do not need to worry about your financial condition because rent fee of university housing almost includes utility and meal plan. On campus living student are not likely to think about monthly budget. In contrast students living in off campus have to pay utility and meal so they have to manage their amount of cost. Although it might be hard for students living off campus to consider husbandry they will stand on their own feet economically if they acquire how to spend their amount of money. Living an apartment gives you chance to improve economically self management ability. The clearest advantages is of living in dormitory is to see the way people outside the university live can help me to understand what I am learning in my social science classes. What I appreciate most about living off campus is the opportunity to see how academic ideas about social relations work in society. For example we studied the ways that race education income and gender affect voting patterns. Because I lived in a neighborhood outside my university in Japan I was able on voting day to see the way those patterns came to life in the groups of people who came to vote. I would not have been able to do this if I had lived and voted on campus because everyone there has the same education level. It is difficult for me to research how different category people are likely to vote on election. Although this case might diverse from the United States it is assumed that the behavior on voting should be similar to the United States. Thus for my education living in apartment is useful to comprehend social movement. Therefore I prefer to live in an apartment in the community. While dormitory living may suit some people I appreciate exposure to different ways of thinking that I can get in an off campus apartment. If you would like to broaden your social possibilities living in apartment helps to form your economic character.
