Before coming we usually have many images about a new countrys culture. For example Having been the U. S I have found two things to be different and a similar thing from what I magic the necessity of a car and the low price of goods. The first thing that gave me a shock is the necessity of a car in the U. S. Before coming I thought the U. S was an advance and modern country. It was not important and necessary for having a car. The public transportation must be convenient . There were many kinds of transportations which are quick and convenient. Such as subway train and bus. Even I thought I could take either subway or train or bus if I had only a ticket at the same day. In contrast when I came to the U. S. I was disappointed to the public transportation. Train and subway arent important transportations. Bus is a popular transportation but it isnt convenient. For example the bus in Pittsburgh has been thought more convenient than the bus in other city. But on Saturday and Sunday some buses run it is difficult for shopping on Saturday or Sunday. The shopping Malls are built far away. So if you dont have the car you wont comfortable in your life. The second thing was the price of goods. Before I came to the U. S. I thought the price of goods was high. When I came to the U. S. I found it was not true. I was surprised. I remember I had bought nice pants for only 2 dollars. I couldnt believe it. However it was really happened. Gradually I understood if I knew some tricks I bought the goods at the low prices all the time. For example usually on Holiday there are many stores have a big sale. Sometimes there are not only 75 off but also there are extra 30 50 off. I was surprised by the low price of goods. It was interesting and amazing thing. . In spite of these differences. However I found similar to images. Before coming I thought the American people were friendly. It was true. If you meet someone who dont know each other they usually give you a smile or say hello. Your feeling is comfortable. If you have a trouble you ask someone help they often give you on time. I remember one day I went to see my doctor but I lost my way at the hospital. I asked someone at the beginning he told me direction. Lately he found I was confused he took me go to the doctors office. He is very friendly. In conclusion when you come to a new country different your images you should open your eyes and adjust your attitude.
