Type of doctors Classification basic bioscience Primary clinician Secondary clinician Thesis Doctors can be grouped into three types The main purpose of going to the hospital is seeing doctors for diagnosis and treatment therefore patients tend to think that only the doctors they meet in medical offices are real doctors. However there are a lot of doctors who are involving in medical care and patients can not meet them in the hospital but their contribution is not less than the others whom patients meet in the hospital. Therefore the doctors can be grouped into three types according to their specific fields we can find out the doctor's job in more detail. The first group includes the doctors who are working in the fields of bioscience. They don't meet patients and even are not actually working in the hospital but their job is very essential in the modern medical services. They are studying basic science in the laboratory and proclaiming the new theories in their fields such as anatomy physiology organic chemistry pharmacology and genetic engineering. These findings are supporting the current medical issues and also leading the directions the medical care should follow. The second group is the most familiar doctors whom the patients meet in the hospital I'll call them primary clinicians. . They contact their patients directly they check up the patients and manage all about diagnosis and treatment. We also divide them into departments according to the specialties like internal medicine surgery obstetrics gynecology pediatrics and so on. They need to get training for seeing patients and have responsibilities for the patients' lives as the first group does. The last group is invisible to the patients but exists in the hospital very close to the patients. They contribute to the diagnosis especially for instance diagnostic anatomic pathology and radiology. Even though they do not contact the patients directly they look over the patients in detail and often discuss with the primary clinicians about their patients behind the scenes. There are actors directors writers and technicians in making a film and we don't say that the film is successful only because of the actors. Like that a patient has a lot of doctors whom the patient can not recognize but who are involved in the patient's work up. They are also doctors who care for the patients and have contributed to their medical care.
