Only one child per couple in China It's known that china has the most huge population in the world. To control the population there is a law only one child per couple in china after 1978. If women have the second child they will lost their jobs and pay a lot of money for fine. Otherwise these women must abort their second fetus. Many people think it's unreasonable and rule. However I think it's the best choice for china and each families whether the right of human or the children's education or the guarantee of the parents' old life. Many foreign friends think control women give birth to their children deprive the right of human. However I think not only the women have the right to give a birth to their children but also the children have the right to live a high quality life not just have food and clothes. Because there are too many people in china the resource per person can use is limited schools are so crowded teenager want to study in university are so difficult. Because many people can't stand on their own feet the last thing they can do is breaking the law such as rob steal murder and so on. Pollution is serious in china because so many people need industrial product. If a family has more than one child these problems will be more serious everybody not just children will live more difficult than now. Some people worry about the education of only child. Since there is only one child in a family the child might be spoiled and grow up to a selfish self partial and dependent men. I think what style the child will become not due to he is the only child or he has some sibling but depend on what kind of upbringing the child can get from his parents. Many young parents realize the importance of children's education and learn how to raise children throw TV books and network since they are pregnant. Many Chinese realize that we can't only give birth to our children but also need to help our children to pursue the happiness of life In order to their children have more interesting and special skills they sent their children to some special classes like music class drawing class chess class and English class. Many parents all have a full time job if they have two or more children they will haven't enough time and money to support better education for their children. I raise more children there are more children can support and take care of me after I am old. It's a traditional thought in china since 2000 years ago. However the world is changed. Many young people's salary is only enough for their own expenditure some of them even let their old parents support their life and many young people will get a job in other cities they also can't take care of their parents. On the contrary many old parents have to help raising their grandchildren because their children haven't enough time or don't want to spend so much time to take care their own children. In fact many parents have pension after they retired they don't need their sons give their money. Moreover it is more guarantee for their old life if they deposit the money that they use to raise another child for the cost of nursing home. Old people don't have to be sacrifice for their children they can live their own life. . China is a very intelligent and industrious nation china has beautiful territory that is full of milk and honey just because the huge population Chinese can't live a high quality life. One child per family is the best way to control the population. Control population dose not just benefit china but also benefit the word.
