Dominant Genes Died and Recessive Factors Survived We are thinking that being bodily strong is the best way to be healthy. We are trying all things to be healthy. For example we eat fresh foods clean our environment eat vitamin wash our hands after we touch anything that is dirty clean our home and our clothes. We are doing these things to be in nice condition. Since we believe that to be a healthy man is the way to survive. If we don't do that may be we are getting ill and have to go to a docter. In the theory of evolution we know that Darwin said that dominant gene survives and recessive factor died. However that is not true. I think a weak human survive rather than a bodily healthy human. There are some reasons why I think a bodily weak human survive including the fact oneself immunity cars syndrome and recessive factor survive. First if we are eating fresh foods and vitamin cleaning every time our environment or always being clean we are losing oneself immunity. For example animals are not going to die if they are eating something that is spoiled. Furthermore the people in Africa or people who live in a jungle are not always cleaning themselves but they are healthier than us. Both have no problems to live and they have oneself immunity against a disease. However how about us If we are not eating any tablets or put any medicine on our wounds or if we eat something that is not clean or not boiled Something might happen. We have always to depend on these things. Second we are thinking that all new things are good including a new car. We are satisfied about the inside that smells something new. However we have to know that a new car is very dangerous for our health. It includes many harmfulness materials that do harm to one's health. Since it causes cancer. Not only a car but also all stuffs that we see or washing stuffs to clean our body is included with harmfulness materials. In this case we can see that all things that we think are not always good. We think that we are protected always against these because we misunderstand that we are strong enough. Last Darwin said that dominant gene survives and a recessive factor died but dominant genes have no oneself immunity rather than recessive factors. Recessive factors are skilled in their environment. They learned how to survive their lives. They are exposed in many diseases but they have their own immunity. For example let us see about the lion and the other animals that are hunted by the lion. We know that a lion is very strong and a king between the animals. Lions are hunting the weak animals. They are just food for them. However as many he hunts as more animals are born. Weak animals are much more numerous than strong animals. We all know that we can't count ants. They are larger in amount than lions because they are weaker. Lions are more exposed in extermination than ants. Humans are more exposed in extermination than mosquitoes. That's why I think that dominant genes died and recessive factors survived. Recessive factors are much stronger in their environment than the other. We have to be skilled to eat something things that are not boiled and endure if we are sick instead of taking medicine. Furthermore we have to define or think again which is a dominant gene and recessive factor.
