When I learned some writing skills and tried to write essays I realized that writing was very similar to painting. Of course writing is an assembly of words while painting is expressed with colors. Moreover writing needs a pen and sheets of paper. On the other hand painting needs brushes colors and the canvas. However although the tools for expression are different from each other writing and painting have some similarities. First of all like a topic in writing painting needs a main object to be described. A topic is different from articles but it is a main idea which a writer emphasizes. Likewise to paint a canvas there is a main object that painter wants to express. For example to write a biography someone's life will be a main idea. Like a biography a painter uses someone as a main object in a portrait. A portrait presents someone's life on the canvas. Moreover to write a poem the poet's impression about something like love or landscape can be a main idea. Similarly the painter's impression about landscape can be a main object in painting. For instance Monet's The Sunrise has a view of a beautiful sun rise that he used as a main object. In the center of this painting the orange colored sun is rising reflected on the sea. Moreover to write a story special events according to time flowing would be topics. Likewise stories could be objects in painting. In case of many events in the Bible they were described in many paintings to decorate the medieval churches and each paintings tells us many stories like the story of Adams and Eve the Genesis the return of the prodigal son and so on. In addition at the beginning of the writing you have to consider the outline of an entire text. Likewise you have to draw a sketch considering proportion before painting. For example to write an essay you have to determine the thesis statement and 3 5 subtopics. The outline can make your writing more organized. Similar to outline in writing a good sketch in painting makes the painting more structured. For example In Leonardo da Vinci's The Last Supper the painter focused on Jesus Christ who was placed in the center of the canvas. And then the painter positioned the other disciples according to their priority. Moreover to write a poem you have to think about how you progress your idea dramatically and how to put your impression into more simple expression. Similar to simple expression in poem in Eastern paintings you have to determine the partial area to paint in a canvas to leave empty. This limited painting or expression is regarded to contain temperance serenity and purity. Moreover in writing you want to give readers a main idea. Similarly you want to give audiences a message or personal insight in painting. Before writing the news you have to put the main information about WH questions in first 2 3 paragraphs so that readers can pick out the main issues quickly. Likewise in painting you can see what the painting says . For instance in David's The Death of Marat you can see the situation that Marat was killed and the proportion emphasizes dramatic tension with Marat's head leaning on the tub the bloody cut area in throat opened arms the pen and the knife. You can notice Marat was killed while he was working on the bath. Somebody might think he was reliable leader who didn't let his pen down even when he was killed. Moreover the situation in World War was described in following writing and painting and each presents some messages. ANON_NAME_0 Frank's Diary is a famous diary which shows us the situation of World War. From a ANON_NAME_0 Frank's Diary you can imagine the fear and loneliness of ANON_NAME_0 in the Jewish concentration camp. President John F. Kennedy wrote Of the multitude who throughout history has spoken for human dignity in times of great suffering and loss no voice is more compelling than that of ANON_NAME_0 Frank. ANON_URLSPAGE_Like ANON_NAME_0's Diary Picasso's Guernica shows us the situation of Spain during World War . Crying women's faces a sword and threatening linear images fill the whole canvas. Picasso expressed people who were suffering and depressed from the war. Picasso said In the panel on which I am working which I shall call Guernica and in all my recent works of art I clearly express my abhorrence of the military caste which has sunk Spain in an ocean of pain and death ANON URLPAGE. In conclusion there are some similarities in writing and painting such as a topic an outline and a message. A main topic in writing and a main object in painting can make easy understand what a writer or painter expresses crucially. An outline in writing and a sketch in painting make the work structured and provide a frame. Messages in writing and painting was described the words and sentences or color and forms however they can impress their readers or audiences. Therefore the tools are different from each other they have those similarities which can help the work more organized in writing and painting.
