There are 3 kinds of engineering Articulator engineering Product and Mechanical engineering Electrical and computer engineering Articulator engineering designing and urban planning Product and Mechanical engineering industrials and factories Electrical and computer engineering components and electronic devices Engineering science is one of the oldest knowledge that has been started when the human's life began. It was a simple at that time and the people used it to adapt themselves to the difficult environments by using simple ideas and components. Now engineering is becoming one of the most important types of knowledge and science with different kinds and fields. I divide it to three kinds articulator engineering product and mechanical engineering and electrical and computer engineering. The first kind articulator engineering is the kind people knew in the past. They used it to build their houses and organize their surroundings. Now it has a lot of types like urban planning decoration and building design. Also it use for design parks and cities street. This kind of engineering is developed fast at this time by using some of assistance computer software such as AutoCAD. The second one product engineering came after the first one when the people were looking to simplify their life. For example they were needed to transportation and then they had an idea to design a cart with wheels that was pulled by horses. That was mechanical engineering. In time they modified that to a car. Because they want to produce a lot of them they used the product engineering to produce a line to organize the product. The last kind is electrical and computer engineering that is the faster kind of knowledge and technologies that are modified of engineering. There are many points like booming of technology markets which let them the highest kind in the last twenty years. We can't find any product that doesn't depend directly or indirectly on this kind of engineering. For instance to design and produce it by high quality and short time you will use the computer and some controls system that depend on some components and electrical devices. We can see some of those products that are used in the world or in the space like aircrafts and satellites. TV and IPOD are some of the electronic devices that are produced by some components that are designed by electronics and computer engineers. Finally we can see how the engineering is improved by the time and also what is the relation between these kinds articulator engineering product and mechanical engineering and electrical and computer engineering.
