The effects of New Japanese Clinical Training system In 1968 the so called intern system under which unlicensed medical doctors were required to complete a year of internship as a medical trainee was abolished among controversy over the status of the trainees and other opinions. 36 Years have passed since regulations were laid down under the Medical Practitioners Law targeting a two year voluntary clinical training system to replace the compulsory internship. With the start of this system the university department system came gradually to hold the field and straight training system that was beneficial to both the trainees and to the departments and in a sense to regional health care became mainstream. In addition to the domination of the university hospitals doctors became too specific to do primary care and emergency medicine. In order to eliminate the domination and improve the quality of doctors the new clinical training system which was required to undergo two years of postgraduate doctors started in April 2004. The Japanese Ministry of Health Labor and Welfare declared an aim of the new clinical training system as follow. All doctors should be able to acquire the skills of treatment of common diseases and injuries what is called primary care in spite of their departments of future specialties. Therefore all postgraduate doctors must train most of clinical departments including the internal medicine the surgery the pediatrics the obstetrics and gynecology the emergency medicine and so on for two years. At the same time a matching system trainee allocations are decided for individual institutions fixing student allocation at a certain level in order to enhance exchanges with other universities was introduced. Three years have passed away since this system was enforced. There are some opinions of pros and cons about it. Some people say that it is good system because all postgraduate doctors can learn the extensive knowledge and they are guaranteed their incomes by the government. Furthermore it is connected with the reduction of their overworking. However this system arose some controversies in whole Japan. I reached I am against this system through my experience of first training as a traditional clinical training system and my work as a hematological doctor. There are three main reasons why I reached to my opinions in order to be maldistribution of doctors to collapse of some kinds of medical departments and to decline of the motivation among postgraduate doctors and guidance doctors. The most important reason is the fact that there is an overconcentration of doctors in urban cities. There are a lot of designated clinical training hospitals in the metropolitan area. Furthermore their hospitals have many good guidance doctors and are used to deal with postgraduate doctors. With the introduction of a new system including the matching system most postgraduate doctors didn't have to remain own university hospitals. They desired to take their training in such popular hospitals. As a consequence of this present situation the shortage of doctors in surround sparsely populated areas where the populating is aging and in no few instances became a serious problem. There is one research result of this actual condition. Dr. Ehara investigated 2006 how changed the number of pediatricians in each administrative divisions of Japan in before and after the introduction of new clinical training system. The number of doctors in the Kanto area including Tokyo increased remarkably. On the other hand these in the other rural area such as Tohoku area Kinki area and Chubu area decreased remarkably. I consider if this system continued the burden of doctors who remains in the country would increase still more. Due to the overworking they will quit working at their hospitals. Then the shortage of doctors will become more serious. The second reason is a collapse of some kinds of medical departments. Before the introduction of this new system we chose own specialty depend on our interests. However present postgraduate doctors choose them for mere gain and easy job even if the specialty is not interesting for them. Because they can experience most of departments during their training and they can know what department is hard work or is not profitable. Therefore new member of the doctors decrease in such departments including the surgery the pediatrics the obstetrics and gynecology and the special internal medicine. To tell the truth my department hematology is facing a crisis because of the hard works. We have few day offs work till late night and often face patient's death. For these reasons nowadays we can secure only one or two new doctors every year. Since our department reduces every year we can not supply physicians for local key hospitals. As a consequence of this issue a lot of patients who live in there can not take enough medical treatment. The third reason is a decline of the motivation. If a trainee who hopes to become an ophthalmologist takes a guidance of the internal medicine it is not interesting for him to learn and he loaf his training. Similarly a guidance doctor whose specialty is the internal medicine doesn't eager train postgraduate doctors who don't motivate and have already decided to become another specialty. This bad relationship between guidance doctors and trainees lead to give a lot of co medicals and patients troubles. In addition it is impolite for patients to be treated by postgraduate doctors who lack motivation. I consider that the introduction of a new training clinical system gives a major impact on the Japanese medical system especially the shape of university hospitals. Although it brought some merits I have a presentiment that Japanese medical system will be ruined by it in the near future. As I have mentioned some serious issues have appeared. I think it is necessary for us to consider what the clinical training system should be being based on an image of the doctors whom Japanese people demand and attempting to improve the quality of it. References 1. The effect of new clinical training system introduced on April first 2004 on the working place of pediatricians was reviewed. Akira Ehara Koala Medical Research 2006 2. The website of Japanese Ministry of Health Labor and Welfare 3. Japan's Clinical Training System ture Directions Hokuto Hoshi Japan Medical Association Journal 46 4 139145 2003
