The Mexican Immigration to United States In the last years have had a big problem in the border between Mexico and US the illegal immigrants. The illegal immigrants are people that cross the border swimming by the R American Dream in Spanish Sue . It means that they want to have a more comfortable life and find a job living like Americans. Those are good things but the form to do it is wrong because is against to the law. First of all these people don't have education. Almost all immigrants don't finish high school and even middle school. Also they come from poor families. Because they don't have education and their families are very poor they have to emigrate very young to another place to find a job in this case to the US . If you combine this with the economic problem in Mexico it comes to be something really bad for them. The situation in the US is better than in Mexico. For example the minimum salary in Mexico it's equivalent to 5 dollars per day. In the other hand the minimum salary in the US is like 6 dollars per hour! In addition United States is a safer place to live because in some places of Mexico like Mexico City you have to take care too much of your things because there are a lot of delinquency on the streets . These conditions make to people emigrate to a better places. I think that to go to another place looking for a job is nothing bad. The problem here is that they come to the US like illegal. Furthermore the immigrants don't do nothing bad to Americans in other words they don't quit them their jobs because Americans have better jobs. The immigrants always work in something that the American don't want to do for example they work like gardeners painter repairing houses and even in Mc Donalds or Burger King. But sometimes the Mexican are discriminated because they don't speak English very well or only for the skin color. I'm actually a Mexican and now I'm a student and sometimes the people don't believe me that I'm Mexican because Americans have the image that Mexicans are lazy or bad people that come to the US only to work illegally . For me this is bad because not all the people that come to US are illegal workers. Sometimes Mexicans come to study to spend vacation or come to work but in a legal form. I'm against the illegal immigration because it is against the law but I'm for the legal immigration. I think that the government of both countries has to work in this area because even if the government happens to construct a wall the Mexican will find a manner to enter to the United States illegally.
