The United States is the most powerful country in the world now. His policies and directions impact other countries seriously. He has dominated this world since the Second World War. Can he keep this position in the next decade My reason is Yes with several reasons as following. First now the United States is the core of technical economics and military in the world. Then he uses these advantages to enlarge the different with other countries. For example the Microsoft which is an American company which dominates computer business and more than fifty percent of people around this world use Microsoft's productsthe United States has the top military in the world and he sells his old style weapons to other countries to make money for researching the newest weapon. Therefore he can still as heart of the world in the future. Second the United States prevents other countries growing up to threaten his position and uses other countries to get his own interests. Take Iraq for example the United States attacked Iraq for stopping it trying to control the oil market. If Iraq leads the oil price the United States would have to pay higher for this energy or he would force the fact that he lacks the alternative energy to maintain the routine working in the country. Now he uses the cheap workforce in China and Mexico to production and then sells those around the world to get the great revenue. Last but not least the United States always contains all kinds of people and everyone can get chance to achieve his dream in there that attracts people with talents want to stay there and develop their business. Yuan Tsen ANON_NAME_0 who is a Taiwanese got the Nobel Prize in 1986 when he worked in the United States. This place supplied him the great education environment and chance to do the research that was the key point to have the important statement. Not only Yuan Tsen ANON_NAME_0 but also thousand of people come to there to work hard and dedicate all they have. That is the most important part for the United States can be the leader in the world now. In conclusion the United States can dominate this world in the next decade because he leads the main core of science technology economic and military in the world that can't change. He only focuses on his own interests use other countries to get what he wants and prevents other countries to grow up. Moreover he contains the most talent people in the world and attracts more people come there to work. I trust that the United States can dominate this world in the next world.
