Abortion right Abortion is a very serious issue in most countries in the world today. Abortion is the removal of an embryo or fetus from the uterus in order to end a pregnancy. Many women turn to abortion when they have accidental pregnancies. Some people reject abortion because it is an immoral and unethical murder. People who support abortion believe it is a human right for a mother to decide if she wants to keep her baby or not. I believe if abortion is regulated in an appropriate way it can be used to end accidental pregnancies while minimize the immoral murders. People who are against abortion usually think that abortion is wrong because it is like murder that takes away the life of an embryo. They think that when an embryo is formed the life of that embryo has already started. I disagree with them because a life is only a life when he or she is born from a woman's uterus. When an embryo is only 1 to 2 months old although it is slowly growing it cannot be called a life at all because it does not eat crawl or cry like a human being. Abortion stops this embryo from growing into a life so it should not be considered a murder. Also these people are against abortion because they think that no one not even God can make a decision for the unborn life. Abortion supporters believe that each woman has the right to decide if she wants to have the life in her body or not. A pregnant woman needs to carry the baby for 9 months to give birth. Therefore it is her right as a mother to decide if she wants to end the pregnancy. This is also very important for rape or sexual assault victims who become pregnant because they are attacked. They have the right to have abortion to deal with their painful experience. On the other hand there are many and many kind of problems will be appear if there are too many unexpected lives have been born in the world. I support abortion but the government needs to pass very strict laws to protect people who get accidental pregnancies and minimize unnecessary abortions. For example rape or sexual assault victims can choose if they want to receive abortion. Abortion should only be done if the pregnancy is less than 3 months old. Also if a pregnant woman is not a rape or assault victim then she needs to pay a big fine if she wants to get abortion. Thus people will not lie and say they have accidental pregnancy when the pregnancy started because they are not careful. Finally other ways such as adoption can also be recommended to avoid unnecessary abortion. The issue of abortion is a very difficult one. It is impossible to make both people who are against abortion and people who support abortion a good agreement. However the government needs to pass careful and appropriate abortion regulation and laws. Then the murders can be reduced and women who really need abortion can still use their human right to stop accidental pregnancy.
