About 10 years ago immigration became very popular in Korea. At that time Korea was in serious depression and many people wanted to leave Korea to abroad such as USA NewZealand Austrailia and so on. In fact so many people went abroad to live. After I came here I have met a lot of immigrants from Korea. I got to know the reasons why people immigrate by asking to immigrants. There are 4big reasons. The first thing is a dissapointment with society of Korea. A lot of illegality and corruption have brought us down. The next is the education of children in Korea. Because a korean educational system is so changable many students have a rough time of it. The third is about job and economic problems. Even after spend an economic crisis for several years we still have trouble with economy. People moved abroad to find job better than before. The last one is a quality of neighborhood. Most cities in Korea especially Seoul is too busy and crowed and also has a lot of air pollutions. However other countries look pretty nice to live. It seems perfect to live abroad. However do you really think so Although every reasons it is much worse to immigrate than you thought. Above all because foreign country isnot own country it's hard to adjust and settle down well. Though some body had a great job in Korea it cannot help going through hardships. Therefore it's more difficult to live even in good neighborhood. I have two aunts who immigrated 10years ago. Whereas they hoped a wonderful life in the US a reality of life is not really so. In case of one of friends who is immigrant it's not easy to get a job in Pittsburgh. I can see the friend is having hard time in USA. And american education is very good however it's not for all immigrants. We can see easily that some students studying abroad make a serious crimes in US. I know that there is a tragedy in virginia tech by korean student Cho. His family is immigrants and works in US. However because his parents are too busy to take care of their son. Finally tragedy happened by Cho. In conclusion I want to mention about national traits. I know that most people who left Korean don't like Korea so much. Despite the nation dissapoint us we also have huge responsibility of own nation. We must improve and make our nation good with staying in own country. I hope that many people become significant people and love and help the nation. And I'll also do my best to be so.
