In Korea many people enjoy eating dogmeat. Dogmeat is one of Korean traditional foods. Also there are dogmeat restaurants in Korea. People in other countries such as the French and American criticize Koreans about eating dogmeat. They regard Koreans as barbarians because Koreans eat dogmeat. However the opinion is wrong and a prejudice. There are three reasons why the opinion is wrong and prejudice. First eating dogmeat is Korean eating culture. They have eaten dogmeat for about 500 years. That is this is one of Korean culture. Each country has their unique culture so we should understand each country's culture. If people in other countries criticize eating dogmeat they do not accept cultural relativity. For example the French eat a goose and duck. Because it is one of French culture we should understand French culture. Therefore we cannot compare which culture is right or not. Second a dog is the same animal as a cow pig chicken etc. Many people who criticize eating dogmeat think that a dog is like a friend. In other words they have given a dog prestige unlike other animals however we cannot regulate which animal is more valuable. They eat animals such as a cow pig chicken etc. But there is no reason why we should eat just cows pigs and chickens except dogs. Dogs are also same existence as cows pigs and chickens. Therefore Lastly eating a dog is just an act of eating. In Korea dogs are divided into pet and eating dogs. Koreans eat eating dogs not pet. People who do not support eating dogmeat eat different animals except dogs such as cows chickens etc. Because they think that eating dogmeat is awful. However people in India think that a cow is a special animal. They and people who criticize eating dogmeat cannot judge who is right or not. Each country has a different value about animals. Therefore it is just an act of eating. Many people criticize eating dogmeat. But they should not judge like that because eating dogmeat is one of Korean eating culture. All country culture is not absolute but relative so people in worldwide should understand individual country culture. Therefore they should admit that eating dogmeat is one of Korean culture.
