The actual condition of plastic operation of Korea Plastic operation occupies 90 for only beauty in Korea. Therefore plastic operation of accident is difficult to get medical insurance. A large number of countries look badly about plastic operation of Korea and they call even kingdom of plastic operation also package tour of plastic operation is popular in Korea. I agree that people do plastic operation in fact that it's self satisfaction and stress and it's preference of beauty women. The first reason plastic operation can explain the word of self satisfaction and stress. For example I have a six shape scar on my cheek. When I was a little girl I got the scar. 50 Of first meeting people asked to me Your cheek has something or why you have that That is a big stress to me. Even though they said without any meaning. Sometime I don't want to say same answer and I want to hide the scar on my mind. Every morning I make up for hide the scar. That is kind of my habit if I have an opportunity. I want do plastic operation because disgusting to make up carefully and I don't want to hear same question from the people. Like this the scar is stress tome even though my family and friends say not so bad. Exactly do plastic operation for myself satisfaction. If someone said I'm wrong I want to ask them Can you live whole life having stresses or complexes or Do you know the stresses are how much big to them In my opinion anyone can't say against utterance about plastic operation. According to these reasons choosing the plastic operation people are supposedly possible. The second reason preference of beauty women is powerful in Korea culture. There is no one who doesn't like beauty women but one of Korea words have Women is flower Here flower has two meaning the first mean is beauty of the inside that has a subtle perfume the second mean is the flowers own extrovert perfume. For example Korea has beauty contest of 150 kinds. Also the beauty contest helps to get a job. If women are same incase they would like to beauty women. This is a reality of life. Two years ago Korea has a controversial issue. The women became an announcer in TV but she had won in beauty contest. However the most important thing is the broad cast didn't against about the announcer extrovert title of Miss Korea contest has a great influence in the choosing. The broad caster said beauty is good to the job because the job is showed to audiences. These cases occupy a part of plastic operation. According to these occasions can be problem of plastic operation for make higher of their quality. Now a days the press say day after day about many women mobilize of many ways for their diet. However that not different between men has enthusiastic exercise and women has enthusiastic plastic operation. I agree that choosing the plastic operation for their stress and want to be showed to other people more pretty. The life are no one's it's my life is excepting me all second in our life. The way is a exact if I select a way. ANON URLPAGE
