Significance and Possibility of the Renunciation of the Forces for World Peace Today every country has own forces and is maintaining military balance each other to protect their countries and world peace. Recently I wonder how many people of the world know the fact that Japan is the only country that is abandoning any forces. Since 1946 the Japanese constitution has prohibited all fights against other countries including self protection. However in fact there are forces in Japan named Self Defense Forces . In addition they have been sent to Iraq to help American Forces from December 2003 to June 2006. After that many Japanese politicians claimed that we should amend the constitution to fight against other countries to protect our country. And now Japan is going to lose own peace constitution before long although there are many opponents. I am also one of Japanese pacifists and I suppose that finally all countries in the world should abandon their forces. This opinion may sounds like an impossible dream or a ridiculous story because probably everybody will think If we have no army who protects our country Therefore I present three practical arguments about significance and possibility of the renunciation of the world's forces the danger of the strong forces the problems about the global environment and natural resources and the transition of the world's ethics. First I think the strong forces always have a big risk of causing the war even if their initial purpose was only the defense. Although it is a common idea that we need weapons and forces because we have to protect our country and ourselves historically it is almost impossible for a country that has the strong forces to control it completely and peacefully. If a country got a great army it is very difficult to repress the desire and use their power only to domestic problems. In addition this situation will be more complicated especially in modern countries with capitalism because not only national benefit but also individual profit will be involved in the problem. Actually the war is a big business for some people. For this reason I think that an arms cut can prevent the war. Second in a global vision reinforcement and maintenance of the strong forces are huge waste of money human and natural resources. Nowadays we are faced with many global problems including environmental problems and the exhaustion of natural resources and the cooperation among all countries is necessary to solve these problems. For the foreseeable future the world's balance will dramatically change because we will become to live with much harder environment and not be able to use oil. The unemployed will increase due to a decline of economy and mortality rate would increase due to environmental pollution. We should spend more energy and money for the earth to prevent the miserable future and the military budget can become a good resource. Third the world's ethics will continue changing to the future. In the past big countries always tried to increase their countries more and more and many small countries became colonies. It was necessary for every country to have stronger forces than the other countries and an aggressive war was the only way to keep a nation's prosperity. In the present days there is no country that starts a pure aggressive war because global criticism has much power to control a countries behavior than before. However it is not enough yet. Consequently war is still continuing in many countries with their own complex reasons. Therefore we need the forces to protect our country from enemies. But In the future the world's ethics should be more advanced. All problems between countries could solve by international diplomacy. Economic sanctions would become more effective and practical than the attack by forces and we wouldn't need any forces. In my ideal state of the world every country has no forces and we cooperate with other countries to protect the environment of the world. The military budget spends for national welfare and ecology. I hope to believe it but of course the real way is so hard and so far. I am hearing the news about the war everyday. However some day a country might give up the forces as a start of the world's true peace. If it would be Japan it will be my great pressure.
