Maracaibo should be separated from Venezuela. According to the history in ages of the colony Maracaibo was an Independent Republic with autonomy in its powers and integrated to the Unit of Gran Colombian in equality of conditions to the other countries that formed this unit Venezuela Nueva Granada and Ecuador. When Declaration of Independence from Venezuela was made the government proposed that Maracaibo could be part of Venezuela to contribute with the economic and political growth of the new country. This proposal was approved because Maracaibo has huge economic resources such as oil agriculture and so on enough to support the country. Since then the resources that Maracaibo produces are completely transferred to the Capital of the country where they have been administered by corrupt governments and they have became to Maracaibo one of the poorer regions from the country. Nowadays with Hugo Chavez like President of Venezuela who is a dictator this situation is getting worse because Chavez denies to their habitants the access to wealth that are produced into their earth and worked by themselves. In 2006 Rumbo Propio states that the new proposal is to get back to the history and to separate Maracaibo from Venezuela to become us in better republic with autonomy to decide how to use our resources into our territory. Therefore I agree with this proposal which is supported bringing the three fundamental freedoms demanded for a long time Political economy and intellectual and moral freedom. We want to have a political freedom which is necessary to live in an orderly country. Actually the policy depends on the central government and it does not act its function to maintaining our country with security justice and publics works. The local government which is oppose to the ideals of the actual president is respectful of the liberties of the population and has pure intentions to developing our state but it is limited in functions powers and attributions that avoid looking forward to our goal. For example Maracaibo needs more infrastructures but our President and his politic department do not assign this requisition on the budget and we can not have more roads to do possible a better transportation into the city. We need a neutral state that does not say to people which must think feel or believe. Nevertheless the state controls our political avoiding us the right to express with freedom against what we considered injustice for us and our families. Rumbo Propio 2006 stated Maracaibo only represents 6. 90 Of the national territory but it covers 80 of the national production of oil and hydrocarbons . Furthermore Maracaibo is the first producer of diverse agricultural headings and cattle and marine resources. However Venezuela has a government controller of the economic resources which are directed to pleasure of the president without making a distribution right than each state produces and require. In Addition It denies to Maracaibo many resources that are vital to grow and to generate employments because the population of Maracaibo makes opposition to its ideals. We want to have economy freedom to administer our resources and to guarantee jobs to our population to decrease poverty that we suffered. The intellectual and moral freedom is necessary to developing our norms of coexistence without coercions or privileges. The central government should not manipulates our education to tell us what part from history are good or bad or that we must learn or not. For example In August 2006 the programs of education were changed and it includes communist thoughts like ideas against capitalism. Furthermore in some new books they changed our history in favor of the Chavez's ideas. The government wants to control the education and they want to tell to our children that the poverty is good and that the money only must be in the hands of the state. We have a lot of wealth but the most important is intellectual wealth. We want to discern our own ideas and to decide what the best thing is for us. I know that a lot of people in Venezuela disagree with this proposal because they need our resources and Venezuelan have a strong feel to live like a family but we do not want to belong to a country whose people support humiliated a dictatorship that is organized like being endless without shame or fear of history. There are many blind people who love to Hugo Chavez and his supposed social equality which has returned us poorer. Maracaibo has owned and owns economic conditions that make their life totally feasible as sovereign state and the autonomous feeling of their habitants do not die. I consider by myself more Marabina than Venzuelan because I have sovereign tradition and I hope that my hometown become free and independent state. Marabinos are defending the right of our state to participate in the construction of our present and future.
