The Effect of a Social Problem in a country You Are Familiar With Man is a social animal. In other words people are influenced by their sociality no matter what people like or dislike. Since the 1970s Korean society has been developing so fast economically politically and culturally. As a result the Korean people's lives have improved in quality and quantity for several decades. Even though quality and quantity of life has risen it also has caused effects of social problems in my country. There are three effects of the social problems in Korea I am familiar with unemployment an aging society and environmental pollution. First of all unemployment is one of the most serious problems. Since the Korean War the Korean government focused on the manufacturing industry and agriculture. It needed many people for the increasing industry. However since the 1990s the Korean government has changed its strategy about economic policy. Korea could not survive the price competition with China. At that time Korea had high inflation so the Korean government concentrated on the high technology industry such as semiconductors and computer science. These industries required higher education. Thus it caused a reduction in employment. Moreover in 1998 Korea did not have enough foreign currency. The Korean government had to borrow a lot of money from IMF. This caused worse unemployment. Even now unemployment remains a problem in Korean society. Second an aging population is also a problem in Korean society. Korea has increased inflation and a high cost of land. It created pressure on parents to have babies. Moreover the Korean government does not provide enough government subsidies. I read in Josun Ilbu which is a Korean newspaper about our birth rate. It stated that a typical Korean family has an average of 1. 3 Babies. This caused an aging society. In other words the number of working people is decreasing and our competitive power with other countries is also decreasing. Even though the Korean government has made a law relating to having a baby it is not easy to persuade Korean parents to have more children. Lastly environmental pollution is also a problem for our Korean society. Generally environmental protection and developing industry can not coexist together. Before the 2000s the Korean government chose to focus on developing industry. Many Korean companies destroyed the environment to earn money. The Korean government did not pressure these companies very much. This caused environmental pollution. Even though today the Korean government has passed laws about environmental protection the previous situation has already ruined too much. In conclusion it seems that there is no way to solve all of the social problems in Korea. However people have been solving many problems because all problems have causes. These causes provide a clue to creating an effect.
