The Causes of Divorce The family is the backbone of the society each of us cars and needs to live with family. Most people think carefully before they get marriage and each of us either male or female are seeking for the suitable person to live with for ever. Then they are dreaming to have babies and live together as a family. On the other hand in many cases some couples are unable to maintain their relationship therefore they choose divorce which is considering one of the solutions to avoid problems between husband and wife. However the numbers of divorce situations are increased rabidly at these days. There are three main causes of divorce women are changed modern life and weak in communication. First of all the women are changed comparing to the past. In the past the men have to pay all family's expenses by him self so the men are responsible to provide foods clothes and all necessary goods to his family. On the other hand women were responsible only for housework so the woman has no any income she has to depend on the man completely because of this situation the woman can't separate from man. But at these days the woman is same as the man. She works and she earns money so woman is independent from money and she doesn't need the man like before. Second cause is modern life. The life is changed and has become more complex and you have to spend a lot of time and a lot of money to get some of the necessary things such as car house etc. Also the people like to be in touch with the new things they want to be fashionable even if they don't have enough money for that. For example in my country Saudi Arabia the women like appearance so much they want to be perfect at every thing and they are jealous from others they want to be more modern from other they want to life in palace and they want to buy a lot of expensive clothes furniture and cares. Absolutely all of these act on the life between husband and wife and my lead to divorce. Third cause is weak in communication most of the couples in the family are busy and they don't find much time to set together or to discuss the impotents issues in the family. This void between husband and wife will be a huge if they don't communicate each other. On the other hand the communications between family's members keep the relationships between them are strong and gather all of them into love. It is quite clear that the more communications are used the more divorce rates are reduced. In conclusion a family is one of the important parts of society. People must think carefully before they get marriage. At the moment divorce have become the major problem because of women are changed modern life and weak in communication. On the other hand some couples who have children in their family should think carefully before they end their marriage in divorce otherwise children probably become victims for this situation.
