Free Trade Agreement had agreed between South Korea and the U. S. In April. It has had huge effects on many sectors in South Korea such as agriculture business and economic. It would be enormous impact on both of these two countries. Some South Korean think this agreement would bring not just flexible relationship between South Korea and the U. S. But also economic development for South Korea. Others think it will bring bad effects on South Korean economic. Since this agreement made people who are against with this Free Trade pact have been protesting to this decision that government made. There are three causes of this agreement between South Korea and the U. S. Increases of temporary jobs depression of agriculture and deficit debts towards to the U. S. From South Korea. First This Free Trade Agreement will bring the consequence making of temporary jobs in South Korea. As a matter of a fact U. S companies will be placed in South Korea. This might bring South Korea improving the economic. However the fact that size of U. S. Business market is 50 times bigger than South Korea causes making too many temporary jobs. It doesn't seem beneficial to South Korea. It is true that this will make South Korea to be in depression. Secondly South Korea will fall into depression of agriculture. South Korea agriculture will damage. According to an article of the newspaper Yunhap Free trade pact with the United States is expected to cause South Korean agricultural output to fall by 1 2 trillion won which means the total output of South Korea's agricultural sector stands 35 36 trillion won a year. Most workers of Korean agriculture including farmers will lose their job because of this predicting. This is huge damage for South Korea. There is no doubt that this pact is not a fair decision. Finally this FTA Free Trade Agreement brings deficit debts from South Korea to the U. S. To take one of the examples It is the problem of screen quarter. Because flowing of Hollywood movies to South Korea Korean Movie Market will be damaged. U. S. Is expected to make much money than South Korea. In conclusion This Free Trade Agreement is made of achieving the purpose
