Cause of Death of the Great Hanshin Earthquake Japan is known as one of the countries with frequent earthquakes. In 1995 a serious earthquake which happened around Hanshin area which is located in the middle west of Japan made headlines around the world. It is said that the number of deaths is more than 6 000 and more than 35 000 people ware injured. It was the worst natural disaster after World War II. Why did the earthquake bring a huge number of deaths The features of the great Hanshin earthquake are that it quaked vertically it occurred early in the morning and it happened in the inner city so there are three causes of deaths by the great Hanshin earthquake collapse of houses crashing of furniture and fire. The major reason of a larger number of deaths was caused by the collapse of houses which were built before 1986. It was said that a serious earthquake would never happen in Hanshin area so most houses built by 1986 in Hanshin were ones to endure up to Magnitude 5. Building Standard Law for antiearthquake design changed in 1981 however the Magnitude of the great Hanshin earthquake was 6. 9. For this reason approximately 240 000 houses were destroyed 43 of which were completely destroyed. The second major cause of death was by crashing of furniture. The great Hanshin earthquake occurred on January 17 1995 at 5 46 am and it quaked vertically. When the earthquake happened almost all the people were sleeping in the bedroom where there are normally big wardrobes because in Japan walk in closets are rare. Some people usually have not only the wardrobes but also bookshelf a desk for study or audio set such as a TV a CD player in a small bedroom which looks like a den or a study for Americans. If an earthquake happens anybody predicts all furniture will fall down however when the great Hanshin earthquake occurred it was a strong vertical quake which lasted 20 seconds. For this reason furniture did not fall down but surprisingly moved straight or flew in the room therefore victims who were sleeping in the bed were crashed by furniture and were dead in an instant. 85 Of death toll was caused by collapse of houses or crashing of furniture. Moreover according to medical examiners it is said that the 92 of victims were gasp away their lives within 15 minutes. A third cause of death of the great Hanshin earthquake is fire started by broken gas lines. Because of the vertical quake gas lines were burst moreover water supply was also cutting off. Due to the damage of utilities' supply fire fighting was difficult. Hanshin area especially Kobe city was like a battlefield. The main highway was collapsed which caused breakdown of the transportation system as well. It also gave more obstacles to extinguish fire and rescue the victims immediately. It is said that the 95 of the victims who lost their lives in the great Hanshin earthquake were died inside the house included the number of death by fire thus almost all the reasons of death of the earthquake were related to houses which were by collapse of houses crashing of furniture fire from broken gas lines of houses. These three causes brought a large number of deaths in the great Hanshin earthquake.
