My own Topic. Studying Enlish of Korea. According to the article written by Joohee a journalist in the Washington Post most Korean students study English to get a job. For example Min Kyu a high student has finished 8th grade but he has been studying during his vacation. He said Of course I have to study English if I want to get a job and naturally he accept this situation. People have to study English in Korea because nowadays most People think that English will be a bridge to connect different countries. Everyday business people use English in global. However in Korea speaking English has special importance meaning. English is a standard to decide how much intelligent dose a person has. There are several reasons for effect they have to learn English. In retrospect Korea Economy our main expects are composed some industry such as car semiconductor and construction. Actually they are high value industry but they are special things. My point is that they need big market like world. If they couldn't sell the other countries they would be bankruptcy. As a result of this system they have to trade with other countries and for this reason people who want to enter big company have to learn English. Sometimes that is big social problem according the ratings agency of Korea Korea can't be self contained country because our industry concentrate high value industry. So we should depend on other countries to get the necessaries things of life such as foods and closes. Although you'd like to get a job which doesn't need English you have to learn English. Many big company started to require high score of TOFEL or TOEIC. As a consequence of this situation medium sized corporation had followed their policy. Therefore English score become a standard to decide knowledge. So if you want to get a good job you have to study English even these jobs don't need English. Finally social atmosphere is problem too. If you know a person who is able to speak English very well generally you think that he she is probably very intelligent person. For this reason many people try to learn English. Recently studying English become one of the biggest social problems. There are many courses about studying English such as English for baby studying abroad for children and town of English. It seems like mystery. We just study English like a math.
