The Explosion of the Internet Nowadays the internet is a very useful tool in the world. For example the number of people who use the internet has grown over 200 since 2000 according to the web site ANON URLSITE. People use the internet in various purposes. Some use it for find out some information. Others use it for entertainment. Although the internet does not have only a bright side it also behavior they have while they use the internet. The problems of the internet depend on how long users use it and what behavior they have while they use the internet. The explosion of the internet has had several negative effects on real life eye problems wasting money and addiction to the internet. First people who spend a long time in front of a computer using the internet usually have eye problems. They are numerous vision sicknesses from it such as nearsightedness and dry eyes. Eyes dryness is a very popular eye problem. It occurs on a person who is using computer for a long time without taking some rest. Taking eyes' rest is the best way to prevent this problem because if every time people rest their eyes eyes will refresh to be normal state. There are assorted ways to rest the eyes. Eye's blinking is a most easy way to rest the eyes. This action will restore water in their eyes. So you have to increase blink frequency while surfing the internet because when people concentrate on watching something for a long time some of them have eye blinking disorder syndrome which usually occurs in elder people. Anyways those solutions are just temporary solutions to prevent the eye problems. Next there are tremendous things that you have to spend money for using the internet. For example you have to pay for internet service fee when you want to use it. You also have to buy some networking stuff in order to use the internet. For example you have to buy modem which is an equipment using for connecting the internet or you have to spend money to IT specialist for setting it. Also you have to waste your money for the electricity that the computer used. You might spend about 200 dollars for the start and 50 dollars per month. I think it is too much money for people who do not have a job. Thus you can reduce those costs by sharing them with your friends or using the internet at a coffee shop or a place where they provide free internet. Finally internet addiction syndrome is a big problem in the present day. Many people spend time using the internet instead of doing other useful things such as spending time with family or studying. This issue might make people break up the relationship with their close friends or their family. In the past before the internet has become popular the relationship of the family was very close. They spent times with each other. Unlike in the present day after people who addicted the internet come home they usually go to explore the internet without talking with their parents or their children. One way to solve this issue is each people should have to organize their times. They must control themselves and separate time in the right ways for example they may limit using the internet time just for two hours a day and take the rest with their family. In conclusion explosion the internet has many flaws. Eyes sickness using much money and addiction to the internet are just the few problems of using internet. There are numerous problems beside those. So if you are going to use the internet you have to be careful about those following issues. You have to aware of your health your money and also your need. Sometimes you might have to use your courage to control yourself. Anyways you will be fine if you have some awareness.
