Causes of Overweight BMI or Body Mass Index is a measurement of body fat which is derived from both height and weight. We can easily calculate our BMI by Weight kilograms Height2 meters 2. Generally speaking if a person whose BMI is over 25 is considered overweight and his extra weight mostly is caused by abundance of body fat. In modern biochemistry we know that excess blood sugar is only one reason that causes the formation of extra body fat. Blood sugar or glucose 6 pi is the major fuel of our body which is also the very resource of body fat. Hence exceeded sugar will eventually be transformed into energy reserves such as fat and glycogen or be tossed out in urine. Although the reason that causes extra body fat is simple however the causes of high sugar level in blood could be several. Today we know that there are at least three reasons which greatly affect sugar level in blood stream that directly or indirectly cause people overweight incorrect diet wrong exercises and genetic problems. Correct diet is always the key to achieve fitness on the other hand people who are considered overweight must do something wrong with their diet. One of the most notorious diet disorders is over consumption of fat. FDA says that the maximum fat which is based on the diet of 2 000 calories a day for adults is 65grams each day. However people who like enjoying fast food could easily intake far more than 65grams of fat everyday. Worse eating fast food only means that we intake much more calories than that we need each day and excess energy will turn into body fat easily and also affects absorptions of vital vitamins and minerals that help people achieve fitness. Consequently eating fast food makes people far away from ideal weight. People who have incorrect concept about exercises may have weight control problems. In general we can divide exercises into two parts aerobic exercise and anaerobic exercises. In most weight control fail cases people who prefer doing anaerobic exercise such as playing basketball and weight lifting have problem in losing weight. They use to do as much as exercises as they can however the very thing which they just get rid of is body hydration. In this circumstance we can see people loss their weight fast in the very two weeks and then stop meanwhile they accumulate lots of exercise damages or impacts to our body. Together mental and physical depressions strike back and force them to consume more calories. Moreover after weeks of hard exercises our body now is ready for energy absorption therefore people who prefer doing anaerobic exercises become even fatter. This is so called yo yo effects or the worse nightmare of weight control. Critics may say that people who are born to be fat may gain weight by drinking water only. This phenomenon is real. Actually I saw some people became overweight easily with controlled diet. For example researches indicate that most American Indians may have problems on weight control. This situation does not mean that they have genetic defects. Their ancestors are survivors of ice age consequently they are born to use energy more efficiently. Today American is in a food redundant era which means that Indian people may unfortunately suffer the pains of overweight. On the other hand an interesting case happens in Italy. When American Indian people are suffering from their excellent energy using ability meanwhile one Italian family is guilt free to consume lots of fat. In this case due to a specific genetic defect many members of this special family are benefit for consuming lots of fat each day without any side effect. Anyone who follows their daily grease diet is grantee to have severe heart attack. Today CDC or Centers for Disease Control and Prevention claims that over 60 of Americans are overweight. CDC also says that carrying extra weight is almost equivalent to many lethal diseases such as heart disease stroke high blood pressure diabetes gallbladder disease and joint pain caused by excess uric acid gout . Accordingly weight control issues are becoming more and more important in the United States. To avoid from these disease everyone should start controlling his weight. I think most people are regular human beings which means that we are not using energy so efficiently like American Indians nor guilt free for fat consumption like certain Italians who have a god blessing genetic mutant. Thus I believe that most people could have proper methods to achieve fitness if we do know that correctly. First of all everyone should try proper daily diet which means that avoiding fast food as possible as we can and refer to the other diet rules which is recommended by FDA website. Among other things we should modify our daily diet contents to achieve high fiber low salinity and low fat step by step. Then try doing aerobic exercises if you need to lose more body fat. Anaerobic exercise is far from a correct step though doing anaerobic exercises does lose more calories each hour. However the huge impact which is generated by practicing anaerobic exercises hurts both mind and body. Hence doing anaerobic exercises during weight control period is never a wise choice. Finally the key to achieve fitness is cheating your mental and physical feelings and do it for a long time.
