Outline Age Physically Careers Feelings Emotions Intelligent Life MY BROTHER AND I. My brother and I have an extraordinary relationship. We are brothers and friends. We have lived together almost 30 years and we share our success and our failures. To avoid misunderstandings I talked with my father and asked him to help me to compare myself with my brother. We have our similarities like our eyes our careers our feelings and emotions and our differences for example physical differences the way that we can perceive the life and how to express our emotions. It was only after looking in my mind and talked with my father that I can find the differences and similarities between him and me and then write this essay about us. At first it seems that my brother and I haven't a lot in common but we share some similarities. For example physically we have the same eye color the same eyebrows and if you take a picture only of this part of our body you can not find any difference between us. My father is a doctor my brother is a doctor and I am a doctor too. We have the same way to make friends. We have a special charisma that other people like and this is why we have a lot of friends. How I express my feelings and emotions is the same as my brother we enjoy the music we are very happy when we can join together we share with my father the most spectacular moments in our life and I think in this instant of my life we are the closets that we have ever been. At the same time we have a lot of differences probably more than similarities but this is why we are partners. Despite the fact that we have the same eyes other characteristics are very different for example I am taller than him he is thinner than me and he is older than me. On the other side he is more intelligent and smarter than me. When we were young we studied at the same high school and always his scores were higher than mine. In contrast my scores at the university were better than his scores but that does not mean anything about the intelligence because when we finished our medical school he decided to follow ophthalmology have a better life more money free weekends and he doesn't have night shifts. On the other hand I choose surgery which I think gives a worse life less money a lot of night shifts and only one free weekend at month. This is why he is and will be more intelligent than me. Another difference between both of us is how we perceive the life. To my brother life is great. He wakes up every morning happy without stress and he looks for the best way to enjoy everyday. Although I always smile that doesn't mean I am okay everyday I need to find a motive to worry me and I always think about the negative side of life. He is very calm tranquil serene peaceful and diplomatic but I am the opposite I am stressful demanding tense worrying and anxious. Finally he stopped studying and started to enjoy his life while I continue studying and waiting to see when I can start to enjoy my life. In conclusion when you read this essay immediately you think how these two brothers can have an extraordinary relationship if they are so different This is the point our relationship is excellent because we are poles apart each one is the complement to the other. We belong to the different side of the coin we can discuss each topic without any difficulty and we help each other to find a solution to our troubles.
