The effect of the explosion of the Internet The United States Department of Defense made the Alphanet the origin of the Internet in order to share military information with research organizations in 1960s. Since the Alphanet emergenced the Internet has spreaded out quickly into the world and the Internet united our earth one network like spider's net. Do you remember the Internet disturbance on 2003 Break of the Haewha node one of the most important DNS gateway in Korea caused enormous confusion over entire country. Because of stopping the Internet over whole country we was not able to check an e mail and access internet banking system. I remember at that as a darkness and vexed time. This is because we could not live without the Internet. It is evident that we are living in the explosion of the Internet. Also the explosion of the Internet has influenced our whole society service providers networking device companies and customers. To begin with the outbreak of the Internet has promoted diversity of business in the Internet service providers. In other words a lot of the Internet service companies are struggling to find new cash cow. When the Internet introduced at fist their only job was installing an internet line at each home in order to diminish waiting list written names who want to join their Internet service. However the explosion of the Internet causes the emergence of a lot of the Internet service providers. Consequently service providers have to share their market pie and a company which do not give attractive service to their customer could not survive in sever competitive society. Thus the Internet service providers invent various new services holding their clients. For example many companies are launching various services such as a security service which protects from virus or spam a storage service that customer's information safely saves and a networking managing service. All these service shows effort of the Internet service providers to find blue ocean by extending their business field. In addition the explosion of the Internet has influenced networking device companies in evolution and scale. First networking devices dramatically improve. Primitive devices served limited bandwidth and did not have a lot of functions. On the other hand nowadays many network device companies are making powerful firewalls whose inside network protect and high tech routers which make a route in order to send data to destination. These developed devices allows engineer more convenient. Second certain networking device companies dominate their filed in time of explosion of the Internet. For example Cisco which is one of the biggest network device provider in the word has made their own standard and even made Cisco certification which evaluate how to use their devices well. A few years ago I got the CCNA Cisco Certified Network Associate and at that time our company fostered to get Cisco certification even supporting application fee which was more than 200 each subject. This shows how a certain company outweighs in networking device field using the outbreak of the Internet. Finally explosion of the Internet has affected customers as positive and negative. First of all as a result of proliferation of the Internet customers can meet high quality and low price of the Internet service. When the Internet was rare one of my friends spent half of his salary accessing the Internet and even I paid money to make an e mail account which gives free today. Also the Internet allows we live in convenient life. For example we can save time and money through the internet banking cyber university and conference system. However the Internet gives us negative effects. Someone's effort is exploited by someone else's mouse clicks. This intellectual property ownership is becoming issue in the flooding of the Internet society. Not only that we cannot convince whether our credit card number and personal information which we use in the Internet are captured by others. This invading privacy also is being a center of controversial issue. As you can see the outbreak of the Internet has influences customers. As I mentioned above the explosion of the Internet has effected our whole society. Especially it causes extension of service providers' business field. Additionally as the result of outbreak of the Internet network devices are improving and certain device companies dominate in their field. Lastly customers are affected through the proliferations of the Internet positively and negatively. Some people say that the Internet is enough full blown therefore it classify red ocean . However I believe that the Internet has an unlimited potential and it will progress forward. Thus it is the time to require people's wise sense to deal with the Internet. The people will be the Internet service provider network device companies and customers.
