Friendly is grate thing in the life I like anyone is friendly. There are some counties difficult to find most people are friendly. In the US different situation most people are friendly. I looked over about the reason. There are several causes of why most American people are friendly Freedom religious freedom and ethnic diversity. First of all freedom can be viewed and obtained in many different ways and freedom can vary based on a certain individual's views ethnicity class and gender there is more freedom in fact in the US than any country in the world. In my opinion any country in the world that has freedom like America's freedom. I think its people are friendly like America's people. So freedom is the important point that makes comfortable life for people who live in any country. Second religious freedom actuality the U. S. Policy count on International Religious freedom recommend and implement policies in respective regions or countries and develop programs to promote religious freedom. For you the US guarantees also freedom of speech and freedom of assembly. In the US most people are Christian and others are between Jewish and Moslems majority are Jewish and scanty are Moslems. In fact each one of them respects and considers the other religion. That means when you come to the US you will see most people are friendly and they respect your religion whatever was. Third ethnic diversity in fact the United States of America has a population of about 269 million people. Eighty three and four tenths percent of the population is categorized as white. This includes diverse ethnic groups of varied European ancestry coming from both Europe and Latin America. Americans classified as black make up 12. 4 Percent of the population although this group also contains many people of mixed racial background. People from various Asian ethnic groups comprise 3. 3 Percent of the population and Amerindians 0. 8 Percent. According to 1989 figures 56 percent of the population belong to a spectrum of Protestant denominations 28 percent are Roman Catholic and two percent Jewish. Another four percent belong to other religions and ten percent of the population profess no religion. In fact they are intermarriage among them that is important reason of why most American people are friendly. In conclusion I wrote my opinion about America's freedom maybe some agree with me and some will disagree. But I 'm sure about there not anyone disagree with me about friendly is beautiful thing in life anyone wants to have. On the other hand ask yourself are your friendly person Why yes and why not
