Topic write a cause and effect essay about the popularity of fast food restaurants around the world today. Fast food restaurants today are the most popular restaurants around the world. There is a description from the newspapers In average each person in the United States has fast food two to three times in one week. To me the main causes of the popularity of fast food restaurants are convenience advertisement and no change. First of all people work hard and too busy to have a good time for meal today. Therefore fast food is convenient easy and save time to them. They don't need to wait for a long line and get full immediately. For my self for example last time I went to a famous Japanese restaurant near my school to enjoy the lunch in the afternoon. However I needed to wait in line for 10 minutes and then wait more than 30 minutes for my food is prepared. Finally I had to hurry to eat my lunch because there was only 10 minutes and I had to go back to school. That really wasted my time and I usually only need to wait for 10 minutes in the McDonald's for my meal. Second people can have the same food in the same fast food restaurant chains all over the world. We don't have to worry about that which burger is good or not because we already tasted this kind before. Since we don't need to choose we can enjoy my most favorite food everyday and everywhere. That really attracts customers to buy day and day. Last but not least the advertisements of fast food restaurants which show fashion and happy make deep image to people. We can identify the remarkable yellow mark 1 mile away and everyone is familiar with I'm loving in . Children always ask their parents to go to fast food restaurants as rewards and families can enjoy a good time in there. Consequently fast food restaurants become more and more popular and the other fashion mark. In conclusion the popularity of fast food restaurants become more and more today. The convenience the same food and good advertisement make fast food get ahead and people all like them.
