The Causes and Effects of Popularity of the Fast Food Restaurants The fast food restaurants are became more popular than before. Most people in these days prefer the fast food restaurants and they have a lot of experiences about them. The fast food restaurants begin to be wider in the beginning of the 80 century. For example in my home country Saudi Arabia there are approximately 2000 fast food restaurants. These restaurants have a lot of co worker and they usually provide there food quickly as soon as they can. In my opinion there are two causes for increasing the popularity of the fast food The people prefer the fast and the mails are very delicious they knew how to market their foods. Fist of all the people prefer to order and eat their males quickly. They don't want to wait for their mails for a long time because the people in these days are very busy and the life is so fast. For example some times if I have a lot of work and I prefer to have my miles at any fast food restaurants I don't want to lose my time. In addition the fast food restaurants' are very delicious and they make their foods by using very good flavors. A second cause is the fast food restaurants have a lot of different way to market their products. For example they have good advertisements a beautiful internal design and a lot of restaurant at every street. Also they have a lot of mails that could match with any one. On the other hand even if they are so successful but they still have some effects on our sociality. For example there are a lot of studies that say the fast food effect negatively in our bodies and the people who eat the fast food regularly the have a lot of medicine problems such as increasing the whight increasing the cortisol in the blood. In conclusion the popularity of the fast foods can affect on our body and we have to careful and we to be more concise. Also the fast food restaurant are became more popular because of the people prefer the fast and the mails are very delicious they knew how to market their foods.
