Here is a man who ate his breakfast in McDonald is having lunch in KFC and will have the dinner in Pizza Hut. He is always complaining about busy life and is suffering high blood pressure and high cholesterol. But he doesn't know why he feels tired everyday and the reason he has gained weight. Why does he have meals in fast food restaurants everyday and why does his health become worse The reason of lots of fast food restaurants in our surrounding is divided into two part suppliers and consumers. The first time the fast food was made was coming together with the change of modern industrial life. The people started their living in the cities and the center of industry was moved to the complex in the metropolitan in this period the mother's role in the family was also changed. Instead of preparing food in the house they started working in the companies and they needed something to do their role. Also everybody worked hard and fast and the time to eat was considered not enjoying but wasting time. For the suppliers the time was a chance to create new market. Because of development of agriculture and technology of preservation they could get the cheap meat and vegetables easily and the cheap labors too. These complex reasons made the huge fast food restaurant giants. People haven't caught the problems of fast food for longer than 40 years. They just thought that the fast food was convenient and developed form of food. But unfortunately the time of the problem was coming with serious effects on their health. The delicious burgers were just a mix of bad quality of meat and high calories sauce and the sweat cola and juice was a burden of sugar. Adults are suffering obesity heart disease and DM and the children are pained also by obesity and unbalance of nutrition. In addition the companies of fast food restaurant have preached their territory to other countries. These restaurants have affected the traditional food and culture widely. Like these the reason of having fast food was enough to suppliers and consumers but the effects are more serious than expectation. According to these results nowadays there are campaigns and education about taking balanced food. Although the fast food is convenient and has delicious smell we must focus on our healthy body and healthy life above of all.
