HOW TO LIVE A HAPPY LIFE This is the question that everybody does. How to live a happy life The answer is very difficult because the meaning of happy life is different for each person. For example for me the most important items to find how to live a happy life is my family my friends and everyone that I love have good health. On the other side probably for the other people they have a happy life if they have a great job and a lot of money to buy a car or a big house. This is why is very difficult to explain but I explain why these three items are the most important way to have a happy life. First the family plays the most important role in this process. I have a very great family. I have my father and my brother but I have uncles and cousins too. It is impossible for me to image the life without them because they are all in my life. They support me give me their love their friendship and obviously the happiness that I need. I think when someone grow in a home with happiness love rules and friendship like where I grew this person have the base to built a happy life. Second best friends and friends play other important role to have a happy life. Why I write best friends and friends The best friend is someone who always is there who listen me who gives me an advice and share with me the most important events in my life. A friend is someone who shares with me other moments like parties dinners trips but I can talk with them when I want. Both are very important sometimes the roles change but don't matter what both always are my friends. I share with my friends everything and they are the complement that I need when my family is not there to life a happy life. Third and not least important item is health. This item involve the others because probably when I have a disease I can live with that but when my family or my friends are sick this is very difficult to understand. For example when my father had a myocardial infarction which was one of the worse events in my life. This is why when my family and my friends have a great health don't have any disease and are very happy my life is great and I can support everything. In conclusion for me the best way to live a happy life is simple only need to have a wonderful family great friends and all of them having excellent health.
