Nowadays you can see the fast food restaurants everywhere especially in the U. S. Even in Japan fast food is very popular among young generations. Since the fast fast food restaurant which is Mac Donald opened in 1980s other fast food restaurants have opened and have been popular. Why are fast food restaurants popular There are three effects of the popularity of fast food restaurants. At first as for fast food restaurants everybody might think you can order and eat quickly. It's true that you can get the food very fast which you ordered at a fast food restaurant. It usually takes 5 minutes to get the food since you enter the fast food restaurant. If you are busy studying driving or working but you are hungry fast food is very convenient for them to get the food easily and quickly. For the reason fast food restaurants are popular among busy students businessmen drivers. The second effects is saving money. Food at fast food restaurants is usually low cost. It's cheap but you will be full so you can save money compare to the normal restaurants. Moreover in the U. S. You have to tip to the waiters or waitress when you order something to eat or drink at restaurants however you don't have to tip them when you order the food at fast food restaurants so you can save money. On this point people prefer fast food restaurants. The third cause is that you can find any fast food restaurants easily particularly if you live in a big city. Almost all fast food restaurants are chain restaurants so there are many restaurants in your city or country. Recently these chain fast food restaurants open overseas so you can have the same taste which you are used to in other countries. For example Mac Donal are everywhere not only in the U. S but also in Japan. For Japanese they are familiar to hamburgers of Mac Donald. When Japanese travel to the U. S it's very hard to choose restaurants because they think that most restaurants in th e U. S serve bad taste food however they don't be hesitate to enter Mac Donald because they know the taste menus. It makes people from other countries conformable. Thus not only locals in the city but also travelers prefer to choose fast food restaurants. Thus fast food restaurants affect the popularity.
