Mistakes of Second Language Learners I am a second language learner and living in the U. S. To study English. There are 150 students in our school. All these students would have a dream that their English becomes like a native speaker. Second language learners study grammar reading writing listening and speaking. They try the knowledge that they learned in the real world but it is not always good. A lot of mistakes are embarrassing to them. There are three main types of mistakes of second language learners vocabulary mistakes pronunciation mistakes and grammar mistakes. First of all we can see easily vocabulary mistakes. This mistake happens when people choose incorrect vocabulary. There are numerous words with the same meaning but used in different situations. Therefore choosing suitable vocabulary is not easy for a second language learner. I have a funny experience about a vocabulary mistake. A few weeks ago I attended a speaking class. We talked about our house so I introduced my house. I said My favorite place in my house is the restroom because it is the perfect secret place to memorize vocabulary. It is very effective for me. Also I can take a shower in my restroom so I am relaxed there. Then my teacher laughed loudly. My teacher told me A restroom is in a public place and a bathroom means in a private house. I thought about a woman who takes a shower in the restroom not a bathroom and memorizes vocabulary there while people were waiting in line. It looked crazy! This mistake is caused by weak vocabulary so a second language learner should strengthen their vocabulary capacity. In addition a second language learner usually makes mistakes with pronunciation. This mistake occurs when people have a problem with sounds in the new language. This is because it is difficult to pronounce some specific letters on account of their mother tongue. For example most Koreans have difficulty to distinguish between saying F and saying P . Sometimes pronunciation mistakes cause fun situations. I have the perfect example for this. Last semester my Korean friend Mr. Park introduced himself by saying Just call me Fark . It sounded like Just call me Fuck! Just imagine a situation that a person who really wanted to be called Fuck ! We were not able to stop laughing. This pronunciation mistake takes a long time to fix. Finally a person who learns a second language makes grammar mistakes. This happens when people are confused about grammar structures. That is grammar looks like mathematics but unfortunately there are a lot of exceptions. From my own experience I was confused about negative questions. A few months ago I went to a swimming pool and a female student asked me Would you mind if I shared your line I said Yes. Sure! Then her face turned red and she asked another person. I listened carefully to their conversation. She asked the same question to a man and the man said No! Of course not. I found out later that I have problems with the conditional. The grammar mistakes are the biggest mistake because it can change the original meaning. As I have mentioned mistakes of a second language learner are divided into three types. The first type is vocabulary mistakes when people choose unfit words. The second type is pronunciation mistakes when people pronounce sounds differently from the way should be pronounced. Last type is grammar mistakes when people are confused by grammar structures. Someday I hope I will overcome all these mistakes.
