Only One Child Per Couple In China It's known that China has the largest population in the world. To control the population there is a law only one child per couple in China since 1978. If women have their second child they will lose their jobs and pay a lot of money in fines. Otherwise these women must be arrested and sent to hospital abort their second fetus. Many people think it's unreasonable and rule. However I think it's the best choice for China and each family's members no matter for the right of human or the children's education or the guarantee of the parents' old life. Many foreign friends think controlling women's reproductive rights is against human right . However I think not only women have the right to give a birth to their children but also that children have the right to live a high quality life not just have food and clothes. Because there are too many people in China the resources each person can use is limited schools are so crowded teenagers want to study in university are so difficult. Because many people can't stand on their own feet sometimes they are forced to break the law such as robbing stealing murdering and so on. Pollution is serious in China because so many people need industrial products. For above reasons do you think your children can live g high quality life Moreover you will decrease others' life quality if you give birth to more children because more population will make the situation more serious. Most parents want to give the best life and education to their children but they don't know what way is right. Many people think that some children have been spoiled and grow up to selfish and dependent men women because there is only one child in a family I think what style the child will become dose not due to whether he is the only child or he has some siblings but depends on what kind of upbringing the child can get from his parents. For raising a good child we can look for some effective methods such as culturing good behavior teaching children to consider others' need encouraging do their things by themselves since they were children. Now more and more young parents realize the importance of the children's education and learn how to raise children through TV books and internet since they are pregnant. Many Chinese realize that we can't only give birth to our children but also need to help our children to pursue the happiness of life. In order to help their children having more interesting and special skills they send their children to some special classes like music drawing chess and English classes. Many parents have a full time job if they have two or more children they will have not enough time and money to support a better education for their children. A traditional thought in China since 2000 years ago If I raise more children there are more children can support and take care of me after I am old. However the world has changed. Many young people's salary is only enough for their own expenditure also some of them even let their old parents support them and many young people will get a job in other cities they also can't take care of their parents. On the contrary many grandparents have to help raising their grandchildren because their children haven't enough time or don't want to spend so much time to take care of their own children. In addition many parents have pension after they retired they don't need their sons give their money. Moreover it is a better guarantee for their golden years if they deposit the money that they use to raise another child for the cost of the nursing home. In brief if a couple only have one child they can not only enjoy the relationship with their child but also save some money for their golden years even though support their child sometimes. China is a very intelligent and industrious nation it has beautiful territory that is full of milk and honey but just because the huge population Chinese can't live a high quality life. One child per family is the best way to control the population and improve people's life. Controlling population dose not just benefit china but also the whole world especially the pollution the food problem and the employment of the world.
