Topic Types of Mistakes Japanese Make When Learning English When people start learning a second language they have common mistakes such as syntax grammar and pronunciation. If they are adults they make more mistakes. Because they have already acquired their first language they always tend to compare the second language to their first language. It causes people to make mistakes. For Japanese English is a second language which is a required subject in junior high school and high school. Therefore it's good for Japanese to know what kinds of mistakes they will often make when learning English. Since I've been studying English in the U. S I realized that there are three types of mistakes Japanese especially adults who have learned English in Japan make when learning English pronunciation syntax and grammar. First of all pronunciation is a big problem and causes troubles to communicate with a native English speaker. In English there are several sounds which don't exist in Japanese such as TH F and V. These sounds are pronounced by putting your tongue between your front teeth TH or by putting your teeth on your lips F and V . However Japanese have never pronounced anything like that. The tongue always stays inside the mouth when Japanese pronounce all Japanese sounds. Thus when Japanese want to order coffee in a caf cohee because in Japanese there is no stress or syllabification in the word coffee . They pronounce it flat. There is another example for the V sound. When Japanese order vanilla ice cream a native English speaker doesn't understand their order because they pronounce it like bAnila . Actually they don't have the same sound as B and they put the stress on the va of vanilla . So I've heard many sad stories that they didn't have vanilla ice cream for dessert. Even though they started to learn English in junior high school it's very hard for someone over twelve years old to practice new sounds. This is because it's said that the muscles around the mouth and the tongue have already stiffened during the acquisition of Japanese. They have lost the flexibility of the muscles to pronounce the sounds which don't exist and have not been used for twelve years. Therefore they have to practice the new sounds many times and wake up the lost muscles around the mouth. Even if they are adults they can acquire the sounds which are different from ones in Japanese such as TH F and V. The next type of mistake is syntax especially word order. In Japanese the object comes after the subject. So the verb comes at the end of a sentence. On the other hand the verb comes just after the subject in English. Moreover in Japanese they modify the noun by placing the adjective after the noun. Therefore if Japanese want to say I had some chicken for dinner with my friends at a restaurant yesterday they tend to say it like this I yesterday at restaurant with friends for dinner some chicken had . In addition to this replying to negative questions is the most confusing mistake which most of the Japanese learners make. For example when someone asks Japanese Don't you know that they will answer Yes which to them means they don't know it. That is because in Japanese they answer like this Yes I don't know it. Even though they learned how to answer negative questions in English they tend to translate directly from Japanese into English. That's why this kind of mistake often happens for Japanese adult learners. To avoid this mistake don't think about what you want to say in Japanese and don't translate it into English directly. The third type of mistake is grammar. There are two typical mistakes which Japanese make. One is when using articles which is one of the most difficult to acquire in English because there is no article in Japanese. Therefore they always skip it or they are confused about how to use it. For instance when they want to say I can see a dog on the street they say I can see dog on street . English speakers might understand that I can see dog on street but I've heard it sounds childish. In addition to a or an the is the most confusing part in article. For example some nouns take a or an but they can also take the as well so Japanese just memorize all of them. These mistakes often happen among Japanese during and after learning English as a second language. Actually they realize that their English is not understandable to English speakers when they go to an English speaking country such as Australia Canada the U. S or England. At school in Japan teachers don't point out these mistakes so most Japanese are shocked that the native English speakers don't understand the Japanese. Therefore while learning English Japanese should recognize what kinds of mistake they often make and that it is important to practice to communicate with native English speakers. In order to learn English correctly these are very important for Japanese to know.
