Hikikomori has become a big social problem in Japan. It means social withdrawal and usually refers to young adults who spend most of their time in their room and refuse to have any contact with other people. The definition of Hikikomori by Japan's Ministry of Health Labor and Welfare is the state of staying at home more than six months without going to work or school and having no personal relationships with anyone except their family. Japan Broadcasting Corporation's Welfare Network estimates that the number of the people who shut themselves in their rooms at more than 1 600 000 in 2005. That is quite a large number. Now it is time for us to take some measures as a society and government should get more involved. Then why there are so many people who suffer hikikomori in Japan Many reasons for it are given and it is believed that they are connected with each other. A lot of hikikomori people have experiences of being bullied in school and workplace and they lock themselves in their room to avoid physical and mental sufferings. Some people feel much pressure from their parents and society. Once they fail like getting bad results in the examination they tend to think that they are losers and lock themselves in their rooms. Other than personal reasons some people blame Japanese society. After the World War II Japan experienced remarkable economic growth. At that time everyone had hope in the future and dreamed of wealthy life. To have it fathers worked and worked and they lost their positions at home. Children especially boys have no models of what a man should be. In addition many young people have no identity or no confidence today while Japan's lifelong employment system is collapsing. Even if they study hard get into prestigious universities and join large companies they might be fired suddenly or their company might go bankrupt. In that situation they don't know what they should believe and some of them withdraw from society to avoid illogical world. Although many reasons are given nobody can pin down clear ones. Even hikikomori people themselves don't know why they close themselves indoors. It does not seem very meaningful to find out the reasons. More important is how we deal with this problem and there are some hurdles that we have to clear when dealing with it. One problem is that their parents take care of them when youth start shutting themselves in. Japan is a rich country and those parents are well off enough to feed them even after they are grown up. Usually mothers bring meals three times a day and allow them to stay in their room. Some experts say that this is characteristic of Japan. In the West most young people leave their house when they graduate from high school. In Japan many young people stay at home even after they start to work because they don't have to worry about apartment fees and their mothers prepare their meals. This situation is creating a peculiar situation in which hikikomori is so prevalent in Japan. Another problem is that hikikomori is considered a family problem not a social problem in Japan. Today it is said that more than one million people are suffering hikikomori and we can say this is a phenomenon. However it takes a long time for families who have hikikomori children to decide to see counselors. Most of them regard hikikomori as a shame and parents blame themselves for making their children hikikomori. They try to keep it secret to have hikikomori children as long as possible and just suffer the situation for a long time. Although clinics are opening and offering a half way house for recovering sufferers that is not enough. We have to deal with this problem as a social one. We need more information about where we should go if we have a problem of hikikomori and also more institutions specialized in hikikomori. Many parents who have hikikomori children don't know how to deal with them. They cannot leave their children and take care of them. Those parents need more specific guidelines of what action they should take. We need more studies and statistics about hikikomori. Government should get more involved in this problem and work systematically. More important is that we create a society where everyone can go to see counselors and psychiatrists easily and freely without being biased. It is difficult and expected to take long for people to accept hikikomori as a social problem but government should take this problem seriously and it is important to take a first step to move forward. Reference NHK welfare network ANON_URLSPAGE_Reference Japan The Missing Million 20 October 200 By Phil Rees ANON URLPAGE
