In opposition to the Unification of South and North Korea I have to say that our government is for the unification and many citizens are for too. There are several reasons why many people think that we have to unify including the fact that we are the same race we have to end the war unification will help the economy in both countries and we are able to protect our country by oneself because North Korea has been a very strong army. However I am against the unification. I think that if we unify per capita income will be decrease cultural differences will be a big problem and politics problems will appear. First if we unify a big problem will raise for people in South Korea. All people's per capita income will decrease. For instance Germany has been problems in that. Germany has been unified since 1990. Before the unification West Germany per capita income was 30 000 dollar per each person. However after the unification with East Germany their per capita income decreased and because of the reason that East Germany economy was not developed than West West had to invest a lot of money to the East for the balance of the economy. For that reason the West economy potential decreased a lot. However Unification with North Korea that national income is 100 dollar beside the South's national income is 10 000 dollar This is one of my reasons why I am against the unification. Second North and South have lived over 50 years divided and we have a different culture. Now not only our language but also how we live has changed a lot. Nowadays many words from the North are difficult to understand. If we unify we have to change our textbooks. This will effect in many areas. Moreover life in North Korea is totally different than in the South. The standard of living in the north is very low. It will be hard to live together with the good living South Koreans. We might have many conflicts together crimes fights distinctions and political differences. The most important thing is that we have different politic forms. The north is communism and the south is democracy. We know that North Korea is the only one country which is complete communism. Since of the failure in communism North Korea is going to breakdown in economy. However they maintain their communism yet. Since they are very strong minded with it. They are closed to many countries. If we are able to unify we might have many problems in politic. I can't believe unification in communism. Their intention is to unify the south with communism but if this might fail their only way to alive is self destruction. 50 Years is a very long time. Many differences between North and South exist language culture living standard and different political opinions. In present it will be hard for the south if we unify. That's why I am against the unification. However we have to remember that we are a same race even 50years are passed. I hope that we might find good ways for a good unification. Now we are not enough prepared to unify.
