Euthanasia is a highly controversial issue. It has caused a lot of debates among people. In the United States according to Timothy E. Quill Oregon remains the only state in which physician assisted suicide is legal. There are no states that permit euthanasia. Massachusetts Medical Society May 10 2007 This reflects the fact that euthanasia is not an easy problem. Some people say that patients should be given the right to choose when to die. For this reason they argue that euthanasia should be legalized for patients. However we should think about it one more time. Is euthanasia the only choice for a suffering patient Is it can be a satisfactory decision for both a patient and a family Euthanasia is a deliberate intervention or omission with the express intention of hastening or ending an individual's life to relieve intractable pain or suffering. Nursing Standard vol 21 no 35 Sanders K Chaloner C. 2007 Because euthanasia is an ethical issue as well as a medical issue we should not neglect the motive and the result of it. Certainly pain is sometimes insufferable. In fact no one can fully understand the pain except the patient himself. Moreover it is also a painful time for a family that is caring for the patient to see him suffering from an extreme pain. As a result patients usually feel sorry for their family members for being a burden to them. Because of the pain and the guilt for their family patients tend to feel an impulse to die. The impulse is so strong that patients easily think that death will put an end to all these things caused by them. However death is not the best nor the ultimate answer to both patients and their family. An impulse to die is often turned out to be a temporary one. It emerges and disappears continually according to the emotional condition of a patient. It is so easily changing. Thus when a patient says that he wants to die it is often an expression of his desperate feeling or guilt for his family. Therefore what a patient needs when he is faced with a temptation of an impulse to die is not the hasty decision but the unchanging love toward him from his family and friends. In addition even though a patient's condition seems to be hopeless euthanasia can deprive him or her of a chance to be recovered. I am not talking about a miracle even I believe in the possibility of it. We are living in a highly advanced technology society. Furthermore there have been many great achievements and feats in the field of medical science. Thus we still have the chance of finding a new cure and treatment. For this reason we should be more patient. We can be patient when we hav hope. Sometimes hope itself can be a wonderful helper. What makes the condition of a patient worse is losing hope. However the hope for the recovery makes patients think positive about his condition. Therefore we should not throw away the chance of recovery having hope and expecting new development in medical science. Since euthanasia can be a hasty decision and can take the opportunity of recovery away from a patient it should not be legalized. What we have to do first is to have compassion with those who are suffering. We cannot relieve their pain but we can share their feeling. Maybe sharing their feeling is the best way to hepl a patient to have a strong will to live not to yield himself to the tempation of ending his life.
