There are two ways of final examination given by school. One is to take an examination one time which is usually taken in Korea. It has a merit to be helpful to reduce student's stress but there is disadvantage that student have just one chance to show there studying ability has learned for one semester like 3 month. The other is to take an examination two times which is usually taken in America. There is an advantage to give more chances for students while students are stressful being on longer final examination period. I strongly suggest that Korea need to change their final examination system to exchange one time to two times. There are several proper reasons for Korea to be changed. First it is unreasonable to test students' studying achievement for one semester by only one time because students have not enough time to review all the classes fixing to the final examination time. Students are usually attending 6 to 8 classes of 3 point for one semester totally 18 to 24 points. In case they reviewed every study right after every class they need much time to organize all the reviews at exact final examination time because of a lot of studying amount. Furthermore it is needed to participate in many extra activities for self development and social community besides studying in campus life. If it is certain that University exist for students' intellectual and social development University should help for students to show their achievement enough by giving the chances at least two times. Second it is unreasonable to test students' studying achievement for one semester by only one time because students are human being. Students are not robot but human being. Human's presentation of their ability is able to be changed by surrounding condition. Some people can be just nervous when they are exposed to specific situation such as presentation or examination considered to be important. Some other can make a mistake at that time by unknown reason. It can bear very different result even though they have enough potential and intelligence to show impressive ability. It is supposed be overcome by themselves. However I think it is reasonable that two chances are given for better presentation of ability. Third it is unreasonable to test students' studying achievement for one semester by only one time because stress can reduce to mental presentation ability. Only one chance to present their studying effort for one semester gives a large amount of stress to students in front of examination. Stress causes a lot of side effects such like obsession nervousness and strong tension. They prevent students from taking comfortable examination and showing their ability enough. Giving two chances to take an examination should be pretty helpful students relax and give better presentation at final examination. In Korea a lot of college students are stressful of final examination for better grade which is believed to guarantee their future social job. High education enthusiasm are driving students to more severe competition and make worse students' mental health. In short term there can be some positive consequence by intensive competition but in long term students' unhealthy mental condition will cause many problems in country including stuck of development. For three reasons that I mentioned above I strongly suggest that Korea need to change their final examination system to exchange one time to two times. It should be helpful to grow our college students as well as develop country healthy.
