Treatment of Prisoners At Iraq war it has been revealed that the U. S. Army mistreated Iraqi prisoners of war. In order to find mass nuclear weapons and apprehend Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein it has been said that the U. S. Army questioned Iraqi prisoners in connection with these issues. Some armies said that it was no choice for the United States to solve the issues and finish this war as early as possible but I cannot approve that prisoners of war surrendering themselves to an enemy are abused as if they were still regarded as dangerous enemy. Thus I believe that prisoners of war should not be tortured in order to gain information. The U. S. Army treating prisoners of war claimed that some prisoners not obeying amenably ought to be get penalty because they rejected the U. S. Army's questioning. It is possible for people not practicing rule to be amerced by a particular way. Cautions by torturing have prisoners afraid of violence and cooperate to an enemy. However this opinion conflicts with international human rights. Geneva Convention illustrates Prisoners of war must be treated humanely. Specifically prisoners must not be subject to torture or to medical or scientific experiments of any kind. They must also be protected against violence intimidation insults and public curiosity. Maria Trombly. 2003 . This convention proves that any prisoners are not right to be wounded in prison and be suffered mentally. It is assumed that uncomforting and detriment against humanity are not given to prisoners. As long as the international human rights law is regulated and agreed all over the world all prisoners have to be protected appropriately. Moreover it is possibly said that prisoners could be immediate useful information resources of enemy if Army cannot obtain sensitive information on its own. Some prisoners could be familiar with military secrecy and could be closely connected to enemy leader who jeopardizes Army's safe. Also Army might say that torturing is an effective way for it is necessary for prisoners to tell the truth correctly. Indeed since prisoners must fear being wounded and must have psychological trauma for torturing they might disclose Army their all information. However it is no guarantee the right that prisoners having told the information even if they disclosed correct information and it is not duty for prisoners to reveal their secret information. Geneva Convention also insists When questioned someone in the prisoner's native language someone's prisoners of war must only give their names ranks birth dates and serial numbers. Prisoners who refuse to answer may not be threatened or mistreated. Maria Trombly. 2003 . Prisoners do not always need to expose national sensitive information without individual information and they have right to reject to answer enemy's offer. Although prisoners could own critical information for solution of war they are enough to say just privacy information themselves and they are not supposed to expose dangerous. In conclusion it is proved that the U. S. Army had committed errant treatment for prisoners. Although prisoners were threat for Army because they used to be enemy Army does not have right to injure them at any reasons. Prisoners ought to be regarded as human and the international human rights should reach a satisfactory level to respond to various victims of war. Reference Maria Trombly International Rules About Soldiers. 2003 ANON URLSITE
