Playing or watching soccer is better than playing or watching football A lot of people around the world believe that playing and watching soccer is much better than playing and watching football. I think that is true for many reasons. For example football is only known in the United States football is much more dangerous than soccer and soccer is more interesting than football. First of all football is not popular because it is only well known in the United States on the other hand soccer is more widespread and it is one of the most famous sports in the world. And there are a lot of championships in soccer around the world while football championships are so limited to the United States. For example in Syria almost no one likes to play or watch football because they think that it is a tedious sport. And the same thing in a lot of countries around the world. However soccer in Syria is more popular sport there and when is the Syrian league takes place a lot of people quit their work and go to stadium to watch games. Second reason is that playing football is more dangerous than playing soccer. In fact a lot of people consider football as a kind of fighting not a sport. For example football players have higher potential for head trauma back and spinal cord injuries and bone fractures. In addition football players' life expectancy is known to be much lower than that of players' of other sports. The third reason is that playing soccer is more interesting than playing football for many reasons. For example a football game usually takes about 4 hours and every minute the game stops about 4 times but a soccer game usually takes about 2 hours and it does not stop a lot as a result you can feel more enthusiastic and eager to watch more. Also I think that soccer more exciting than football because in a soccer game you can feel more excited because at any minute the score could change and the game will be more attractive. Finally I think that soccer game is the game which most of the people like to play it or watch it. Also I think that a lot of people around the world agree with me that it is better to play or watch soccer than football because playing soccer more interesting and widespread and safer than playing football.
