The Mexican Immigration to United States The last years have had a big problem on the border between Mexico and US the illegal immigrants. The illegal immigrants are people that cross the border by swimming the R American Dream in Spanish Sue . They want to have a more comfortable life and find a job living like Americans. Although they just want to work I'm against the illegal immigration because it's against the law and it's not the right way to cross to the US but I'm for the legal immigration to study to spend vacation or even to work legally. First sometimes they have only studied until high school and most of them have to maintain a family. Also they come from poor families. Because they don't have a good education and their families are very poor they have to emigrate very young to another place to find a job in this case to the US . If you combine this with the economic problem in Mexico it comes to be something really bad for them. The situation in the US is better than in Mexico. For example the minimum salary in Mexico it's equivalent to 5 dollars per day. In the other hand the minimum salary in the US is like 6 dollars per hour! In addition United States is a safer place to live because in some places of Mexico like Mexico City you have to take care too much of your things because there are a lot of delinquency on the streets . These conditions make to people emigrate to a better places. I think that going to another place looking for a job is nothing bad. The problem here is that they come to the US illegally. Furthermore the immigrants don't do anything bad to Americans. In other words they don't take them away their jobs because Americans have better jobs. The immigrants always work in something that the Americans don't want to do. For example they are gardeners painter repairing houses and even in Mc Donalds or Burger King. I'm actually Mexican and now I'm a student. Sometimes people don't believe that I'm Mexican because Americans have the image that Mexicans are lazy or bad people that come to the US only to work illegally . For me this is bad because not all the people that come to US are illegal workers. Sometimes Mexicans come to study to spend vacation or come to work but in a legal form. I'm against the illegal immigration because it is against the law but I'm for the legal immigration. I think that the government of both countries has to work in this area because even if the government happens to construct a wall the Mexican will find a manner to enter to the United States illegally. I think that the procedure to get a visa to work or the way to enter to the US should be easier for Mexicans because it's neighbor country and the Mexicans are not terrorists!
