The United States is the most powerful country in the world now. Its policies and directions seriously impact other countries. It has dominated this world since the Second World War. I trust that it will keep the leader position in the next decade for three main reason as followingit is the main of the world it always uses methods to keep its interests and it has all kinds of people with talents. First now the United States is the center of technology economics and military strength in the world. Then it uses these advantages to enlarge the difference with other countries. For example Microsoft which is an American company dominates the computer business and more than fifty percent of people around this world use their windows systems. The United States has the top military strength in the world and he sells his old style weapons to other countries like Taiwan Japan South Korea and so on to make money for researching the newest weapon. Therefore it can still maintain as heart of the world in the future. Second the United States prevents other countries from developing to threaten its position and uses other countries to obtain its own interests. Take Iraq for examplein my opinion the United States attacked Iraq for stopping it trying to control the oil market. If Iraq owns more oil than now it can control the oil price then the United States would have to pay higher price for this energy. Because the relationship between these two countries isn't good the United States is afraid of that it can't get enough oil for maintaining maintain the routine working in the country. It had to stop Iraq getting development. On the other hand the United States now use the cheap workforce in China and Mexico to produce their productions and then sells those around the world to get the great revenue. It keeps rich progressive and high income by other countries. Lastly and most importantly the United States has always been a multicultural nation contains all kinds of people from other countries and everyone can get chance to achieve his dream there. It attracts people with talents for science technology etc. Who want to stay there and develop their business. For instance Yuan Tsen ANON_NAME_0 a scientist came from Taiwan got the Nobel Prize in 1986 when he worked in the United States. His work supplied him the great education environment chance to finish the research statement and to get the Prize. Not only Yuan Tsen ANON_NAME_0 but also thousands of people from other countries come there to work hard and dedicate all they have and they really got what they want. Everyone has the chance and will be accepted to this country so that more and more people with abilities gather there to achieve their dream and grow up this country. That is the most important part for the United States can be the leader in the world now. In conclusion the United States can dominate this world in the next decade because he leads the main core of science technology economic and military strength in the world that can't be in place of. It only focuses on his own interests uses other countries to get what it wants and prevents other countries from developing. Moreover it contains the smartest people in the world and attracts more people to come here to work. I trust that the United States can dominate this world in the next decade.
