Maracaibo should secede from Venezuela. In colonial times Maracaibo was an Independent and autonomous Republic and it was integrated to the Unit of Gran Colombia in equality of conditions to the other countries that formed this unit Venezuela Nueva Granada and Ecuador. When the Declaration of Independence from Venezuela was made the government proposed that Maracaibo could be part of Venezuela to contribute with the economic and political growth of the new country. This proposal was approved because Maracaibo has huge economic and enough resources such as oil agriculture and so on to support the country. Since then the resources that Maracaibo produces are completely transferred to the country's capital where they have been administered by corrupt governments and they have made to Maracaibo one of the poorer regions of the country. Nowadays Hugo Chavez is the president and dictator of Venezuela and this situation is getting worse because Chavez denies to the population of Maracaibo the access to wealth that are produced in their earth and worked by themselves. In 2006 Rumbo Propio that is an organization for the democracy stated that the new proposal is to recover our autonomy to become us in an independence republic to decide how to use our resources in our territory. I agree with this proposal because it will bring the three fundamental freedoms demanded by the Marabinos since 11 years ago Political economical and intellectual and moral freedom. We want to have political freedom which is necessary to live in an orderly country. Currently the policy depends on the central government and it does not carry out its function to maintain our country with security justice and public works. The local government which is opposition to the ideals of the actual president is respectful of the liberties of the population and has pure intentions to developing our state but it is limited in its functions powers and attributions. For example Maracaibo needs more infrastructure but our president and his administration do not assign this requisition to the budget and we cannot have more roads for a better transportation into the city. We need a neutral state that does not tell to people what to think feel or believe. Nevertheless the state controls our politic taking away our right a freedom of speech against what we consider injustice for us and our families. Rumbo Propio 2006 stated Maracaibo only represents 6. 90 Of the national territory but it covers 80 of the national production of oil and hydrocarbons . ANON_URLSPAGE_Furthermore Maracaibo is the largest producer of diverse agricultural cattle and marine resources. However Venezuela has a government controller of the economic resources which are directed to the pleasure of the president without making a distribution right than each state produces and require. In addition it denies to Maracaibo many resources that are vital to grow and to generate employment because the population of Maracaibo is opposed to its ideals. We want to have economical freedom to administer our resources and to guarantee jobs to our population to decrease the poverty that we suffer. The Intellectual and moral freedom is necessary to develop our norms of coexistence without coercion or privilege. The central government should not manipulate our education to tell us what part from history are good or bad or what we must learn or not. For example In August 2006 the program of education were changed and it includes communist thoughts like ideas against capitalism. In fact Chavez wants to eliminate all private company. Furthermore in some new books they changed our history in favor of Chavez's ideas. The government wants to control the education and they want to tell to our children that the poverty is good and that the money only must be in the hands of the state. In 2006 ANON_NAME_0 Sabino admitted Chavez has given a phrase that the poverty is good and that the wealth is bad ANON_URLSPAGE_. We have a lot of wealth but the most important is intellectual wealth. We want to discern our own ideas and to decide what the best thing is for us. I know that a lot of people in Venezuela disagree with this proposal because they need our resources and Venezuelans have a strong feeling to live like a family but we do not want to belong to a country whose people support humiliated a dictatorship that is organized like being endless because Chavez wants to have an infinite re election without shame or fear of history. There are many blind people who love Hugo Chavez and his supposed social equality which has became us poorer. Maracaibo has owned and owns economic conditions that make our life totally feasible as the sovereign state and the autonomous feeling of us will not die. I consider myself more Marabina than Venezuelan because I have this sovereign tradition and I hope that my hometown will become the free and independent state. Marabinos are defending the right of our state to participate in the construction of our present and future.
