The Actual Condition of Plastic Surgery of Korea 90 of plastic surgery in Korea is done for purely cosmetic reasons. Therefore it is difficult to get medical insurance for plastic surgery operation to accident. A large number of countries look badly of plastic surgery of Korea and they even call Korea kingdom of plastic surgery also package sightseeing of plastic surgery is popular in Korea. I'm a favor of plastic surgery it's self satisfaction and stress and it's preference of beauty women. The first reason plastic surgery can explain self satisfaction and stress of the word. For example I have a six shape scar on my cheek. When I was a little girl I got the scar. 50 Of first meeting people asked to me Your cheek has something or why you have that That is a big stress to me. Even though they said without any meaning. Sometime I don't want to say same answer and I want to hide the scar on my mind. Every morning I make up for hide the scar. That is kind of my habit if I have an opportunity. I want do plastic surgery because disgusting to make up carefully and I don't want to hear same question from the people. Like this the scar is stress to me even though my family and friends say not so bad. Exactly do plastic surgery for myself satisfaction. If someone said I'm wrong I want to ask them Can you live whole life having stresses or complexes or Do you know the stresses are how much big to them In my opinion anyone can't say against utterance about plastic surgery. According to these reasons choosing the plastic surgery people are supposedly possible. The second reason preference of beauty women is powerful in Korea culture. There is no one who doesn't like beauty women but one of Korea words have Women is flower Here flower has two meaning the inside of first mean is beauty that has a subtle perfume the second mean is the flowers own extrovert perfume. For example Korea has 150 kinds of beauty contest. Also the beauty contest helps to get a job. If women are same incase they would like to beauty women. This is a reality of life in Korea. Two years ago Korea has a controversial issue what a women became an announcer in TV but she had won in a beauty contest. However the most important thing is the broad cast didn't against about the Miss Korea contest helps to be announcer. The broad caster said cosmetic is one of important things in the job because the job is showed to audiences. These cases occupy a part of plastic surgery. According to these occasions can be problem of plastic surgery for make higher of their quality. Now a days the press say day after day about many women mobilize of many ways for their diet. However the way is not different between men adhere to exercise enthusiastically and women adhere plastic surgery enthusiastically. I'm a favor of choosing the plastic surgery for their stress and showing to the people more charmingly. The life are no one's life it's my life. The life is excepting me all second in our life. If I select a way the way is an exactly correct. ANON URLPAGE
