The effects of New Japanese Clinical Training System The three clinical training systems that the Japanese medical system has used in the past more than 40 years have been controversial in a number of ways. In 1968 the first system so called Intern System under which unlicensed medical doctors were required to complete a year of internship as a medical trainee was abolished amid controversy over the status of the trainees and other contentions. 36 Years had passed since regulations were laid down under the Medical Practitioners Law targeting a two year voluntary clinical training system to replace the compulsory internship. With the start of this system the university department system had come gradually to hold the field and straight training system that had been beneficial to both the trainees and to the departments and in a sense to regional health care had become mainstream. Not only the university hospitals had dominated all regional hospitals but also doctors had become too specific to do primary care and emergency medicine. In order to eliminate the domination and improve the quality of doctors the new clinical training system which has been required to undergo two years of postgraduate doctors has enforced since April 2004. The Japanese Ministry of Health Labor and Welfare declared a year of publication of the new clinical training system as follows All doctors should be able to acquire the skills of treatment of common diseases and injuries what is called primary care in spite of their departments of future specialties. Therefore all postgraduate doctors must have been training in most clinical departments including internal medicine surgery pediatrics obstetrics and gynecology emergency medicine and so on for two years. At the same time a matching system trainee allocations are decided for individual institutions fixing student allocation at a certain level in order to enhance exchanges with other universities has been introduced. Three years have passed since this system was enforced. This system has stirred some controversy in all of Japan. I have concluded that I am against this system through my experience of training in the traditional clinical training system and then in my work as a hematological doctor. There are three main reasons why I reached my opinions the maldistribution of doctors the collapse of some kinds of medical departments and the decline of the motivation among postgraduate doctors and guidance doctors. The first reason is a collapse of some kinds of medical departments. Before the introduction of this new system we chose own specialty depending on our interests. However present postgraduate doctors choose them for mere gain and easy jobs even if the specialty is not interesting for them because they can experience most departments during their training and they can know what department is hard work or is not profitable. Therefore new doctors have been decreasing in such departments including surgery pediatrics obstetrics and gynecology and special internal medicine. To tell the truth my department hematology is facing a crisis because of the hard work. We have few days off working till late night and often facing patient's death. For these reasons nowadays we can secure only one or two new doctors every year. Since our department is reducing every year we can't supply physicians for local key hospitals. As a consequence of this issue a lot of patients who live there can't have enough medical treatment. The second reason is a decline in motivation. If a trainee who hopes to become an ophthalmologist takes guidance of internal medicine it is not interesting for him to learn and he skimps on his training. Similarly a guidance doctor whose specialty is internal medicine doesn't eager train postgraduate doctors who aren't motivated and have already decided to become another specialty. This bad relationship between guidance doctors and trainees leads giving a lot of co medicals and patients troubles. In addition it is rude for patients to be treated by postgraduate doctors who lack motivation. The most important reason is the fact that there is an overconcentration of doctors in urban areas. There are a lot of designated clinical training hospitals in the metropolitan area. Furthermore their hospitals have many good guidance doctors and are used to deal with postgraduate doctors. With the introduction of a new system including the matching system most postgraduate doctors haven't had to remain in their own university hospitals. They have desired to take their training in more popular hospitals. As a consequence of this present situation the shortage of doctors in surround sparsely populated areas where the populating is aging and in no few instances has become a serious problem. There is one research result of this actual condition. Dr. Ehara investigated 2006 how changed the number of pediatricians in each administrative divisions of Japan in before and after the introduction of new clinical training system. The number of doctors in the Kanto area including Tokyo increased remarkably. On the other hand these in the other rural area such as Tohoku area Kinki area and Chubu area decreased remarkably. I consider if this system continued the burden of doctors who remains in the country would increase still more. Due to the overworking they will quit working at their hospitals. Then the shortage of doctors will become more serious. I consider that the introduction of a new training clinical system has brought a major impact on the Japanese medical system especially the shape of university hospitals. Although it has brought some merits I have a feeling that the Japanese medical system will ruin it in the near future. As I have mentioned some serious issues have appeared. I think it is necessary for us to consider what the clinical training system should be based on an image of the doctors whom Japanese people demand and attempt to improve its quality. References 1. The effect of new clinical training system introduced on April first 2004 on the working place of pediatricians was reviewed. Akira Ehara Koala Medical Research 2006 2. The website of Japanese Ministry of Health Labor and Welfare 3. Japan's Clinical Training System
