Abortion Right Abortion is the removal of an embryo or fetus from the uterus in order to end a pregnancy and many women turn to abortion when they have accidental pregnancies. It is a very serious issue in most countries in the world today with many people for it and many people against it for their own reasons. Some people reject abortion because they believe it is an immoral and unethical murder. People who support abortion believe it is a human right for a mother to decide if she wants to keep her baby. I support abortion to be used to end accidental pregnancies when it is absolutely necessary while we also need to be careful so it is not abused by irresponsible people who only want to end their unwanted pregnancies. People who are against abortion usually think abortion is wrong because it is like murder that takes away the life of an embryo. They think that when an embryo is formed the life of that embryo has already started. I disagree with them because a baby is only a baby if he behaves like a human being. When an embryo is only a few days or weeks old it cannot be called a baby because it does not eat crawl or cry. At this time it is only a cluster of cells without functional major systems found in humans such as circulatory system skeletal system nervous system etc. Without any of these systems that make us human how can we say this is a human being already Abortion stops this embryo from growing into a baby so it should not be considered a murder. Abortion supporters believe that each mother has the right to decide if she wants to have the baby or not. A pregnant woman needs to carry the baby for 9 months to give birth. Therefore it is her right as a mother to decide if she wants to end the pregnancy. This is also very important for rape or sexual assault victims who become pregnant because they are attacked. They have the right to have an abortion to deal with their painful experience. Also if these victims cannot choose abortion and are forced to have unexpected lives born into the world without people taking good care of them this will create more social problems. I support abortion but we have to be very careful to decide who can have abortion to end accidental pregnancies. For example rape or sexual assault victims can choose if they want to have an abortion. Abortion should only be done if the pregnancy is less than 3 months along. Also if a pregnant woman is not a rape or assault victim then she has to pay a big fine if she wants to get abortion. Thus people will not lie and say they have accidental pregnancy when the pregnancy started because they are not careful. Finally other ways such as adoption can also be recommended to avoid unnecessary abortion. The issue of abortion is a very difficult one. It is impossible to make both people who are against abortion and people who support abortion happy. However there has to be very careful and appropriate abortion regulations and laws. Then the unnecessary abortions can be reduced and women who really need abortion can still use their human right to stop unintended pregnancies.
