About 10 years ago emigration became very popular in Korea. At that time Korea was in serious depression and many people wanted to leave Korea to be abroad such as USA New zealand Austrailia. After I came here I have met a lot of emigrants from Korea. I got to know the reasons why people emigrate by asking immigrants. There are 4 big reasons dissapointment with Korea education in Korea economic problems in Korea and quality of neighborhood. The first reason people leave Korea is the dissapointment with the Korean society. We are dissapointed with a lot of illegality and corruption in Korea. I know that and agree with that fact. However the person who complains about own country complains about every country. I saw many emigrants who always complain about illegality in US. And we have to have a kind of responsibility for our nation. We need do something for our nation not just leave without any responsibility. The next is the education of children in Korea. Because a korean educational system is so changable many students have a rough time of it. And if children go to the US they can learn English so easily. It takes some risks. It can be confusing for children. Because they are still young they can be confused about themselves between US and Korea. In addition their confidence could be weaken because they can't communicate well. It's especially dangerous for children. We can see in case of Cho Sung Hee. The third is about employment and economic problems. Even after struggling economically for several years we still have troubles with the economy. People moved abroad to find job better than before. However even if they have a huge hope about US it's not really as good as they thought. Because foreign country is not own country it's hard to adjust and settle down well. Though some body had a great job in Korea it cannot help going through hardships. I have two aunts who emigrated 10years ago. Whereas they hoped a wonderful life in the US a reality of life is not really so. In case of one of friends who is immigrant it's not easy to get a job in Pittsburgh. I can see the friend is having hard time in USA. The last one is a quality of neighborhood. Most cities in Korea especially Seoul is too busy and crowded and also has a lot of air pollutions. However other countries look pretty nice to live. Although the fact I've felt so dangerous in USA since I came here. Even though Korea is not as beautiful as US or Austrailia I can say Korea is more safe and good to live. In conclusion I want to mention about national traits. I know that most people who left Korean don't like Korea so much. Despite the nation dissapoint us we also have huge responsibility of own nation. We must improve and make our nation good with staying in own country. I hope that many people become significant people and love and help the nation. And I'll also do my best to be so.
