In Korea many people eat dogs. There are many dogmeat restaurants in Korea. Dogmeat is one of Korea's traditional foods. However some foreigners such as the French criticize Koreans for eating dogmeat. They regard Koreans as barbarians because Koreans eat dogmeat. For example in 1999 the French actress Brigitte Bardot criticizes Koreans for eating dogs. She sent the message to Korea that Koreans have to stop eating dogmeat if they want to open the 2002 world cup because many foreigners who would visit Korea in the 2002 world cup think that eating dogs is awful. But Koreans are not barbarian for eating dogmeat. There are three reasons why Koreans are not barbarians Dogmeat is a part of cultural heritage we never kill dogs with cruel method and all dogs do not become dogmeat. First eating dogmeat is a part of cultural heritage. In the ancient society we were starving and finding something to eat. That is why Koreans came to eat a dog at that time. They started to eat dogmeat from B. C 3000. The French missionary Daren stated that the most delicious Korean food was dogmeat in 1847. Also in the Sagi which is a history book Koreans ate dogmeat in the special day and gave it Korea's king. In other words Koreans have traditionally eaten dogmeat so far. Second Koreans do not use a cruel method when they kill dogs. They use an electric shock now. They do not want to kill dogs with a cruel method. If someone in Korea wants to kill dogs with cruel method most Koreans will accuse someone of killing dog with that method. Lastly all dogs do not become dogmeat. Koreans think that dogs are divided into two parts for eating or for a pet . If a dog is for a pet they never eat a dog. They eat just a eating dog. This means that some dogs are specially bred on food and pets are never eaten. Some foreigners criticize eating dogmeat and regard Koreans as barbarians. Koreans are obtaining a bad image because of them. However dogmeat is Korean tradition and Koreans are inheriting their traditional heritage. Therefore foreigners should not call them barbarians.
