Euthanasia Physicians should not be allowed to kill their patients no matter what this act is called because it may drag the patent faraway from his expectations and hops. First until now this term euthanasia does not differentiate between giving a patient a lethal injection or putting a plastic bag over her head to suffocate her. Both considered euthanasia as long a third party performs the last act Reported by Rital Marker and Kath Hamlon. 1 Furthermore euthanasia is not always by the patient request!! If this act considered as medical treatment then no need for patient permission. It is treatment which prescribed by a doctor. For example in a 1995 study Dutch doctors reported ending the lives of 948 patients without their request reported by doctor Herbert Hendin 2 Finally I am not against the patent will to die peacefully surrounded by his family if he has terminal illness . However the question is does it really safe and peaceful procedure. Some reports show the opposite fact . Thus in Australia the patient's family was given a draft guideline which has this information on it family members should be warned that they may wish to leave the room when the patient is being killed since the death may be very unpleasant to observe. Lethal injections often cause violent convulsions and muscle spasms. 3 In brief if the patient is already suffering why we insure that he will also suffer the painful end it is unethical for sure. And if we can act against legalization of this act may be one day some of us will be suffocated by someone else's decision. Is this what we seeking for. Act against this crime before you become its victim. References 1 Rita L. Marker and Kathi Hamlon 2001 . International Task Force on Euthanasia and Assisted Suicide. Retrieved JULY 31 2007 from ANON_URLSPAGE_2 Herbert Hendin Physician Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia in the Netherlands Lessons from the Dutch 277 Journal of the American Medical Association June 4 1997 p. 1720 1722 3 Rights of the Terminally Ill Regulations Northern Territory of Australia 1996 Maria Ceresa Euthanasia may be agonising to watch guidelines Australian March 22 1996 Gail Alcorn Spasms warning on mercy killings Sydney Morning Herald March 22 1996 Geoffrey ANON_NAME_0 Martin '22 steps' to legalised euthanasia Electronic Telegraph May 27 1996.
