Significance and Possibility of the Renunciation of the Forces for World Peace Today every country has own forces and is maintaining military balance each other to protect their countries and world peace. Recently I wonder how many people of the world know the fact that Japan is the only country that is abandoning any forces. Since 1946 the Japanese constitution has prohibited all fights against other countries including self protection. However in fact there are forces in Japan named Self Defense Forces and Japan's military expenditure in 2006 was the fifth in the world. In addition they have been sent to Iraq to help American Forces from December 2003 to June 2006. After that many Japanese politicians claimed that we should amend the constitution to fight against other countries to protect our country. And now Japan is going to lose own peace constitution before long although there are many opponents. I am also one of Japanese pacifists and I suppose that finally all countries in the world could abandon their forces. This opinion may sounds like an impossible dream or a ridiculous story because probably everybody will think If we have no army who protects our country Therefore I present three arguments about significance and possibility of the renunciation of the world's forces the danger of the strong forces increase of military budget and the transition of the world's ethics. First I think the strong forces always have a big risk of causing the war even if their initial purpose was only the defense. Although it is a common idea that we need weapons and forces because we have to protect our country and ourselves historically it is almost impossible for a country that has the strong forces to control it completely and peacefully. If a country got a great army it is very difficult to repress the desire and use their power only to domestic problems. In addition this situation will be more complicated especially in modern countries with capitalism because not only national benefit but also individual profit will be involved in the problem. Actually the war is a big business for some people. For this reason I think that an arms cut can prevent the war. Second reinforcement and maintenance of the strong forces always costs a huge amount of money human and natural resources. According to the annual report of Stockholm International Pearce Research Institute world military expenditure in 2006 is estimated to have reached 1204 billion and the U. S. Accounts for 46 of it. Although diplomatic contacts among two or more countries have frequently succeeded in arms cut world military expenditure has increased every year. On the other hand nowadays we are faced with many global problems such as environmental problems and the exhaustion of natural resources and we seriously need a large amount of money and human resources to solve these problems. If we can cut the military budget it will be able to become an important resource. Third I think the world's ethics may widely change in the future. In the past big countries always tried to increase their countries more and more and many small countries became colonies. It was necessary for every country to have stronger forces than the other countries and an aggressive war was the only way to keep a nation's prosperity. In the present days since global criticism has much power to control a countries behavior than before there are a few countries that start a pure aggressive war such as a large rich country starts against a small country even the Iraq War has another side as a self preservation from serious financial crisis of Iraq due to depreciation of the oil price. However war is still continuing in many countries with their own complex reasons. Therefore we need the forces to protect our country from enemies. But In the future the world's ethics may be more advanced. If all problems between countries can solve by international diplomacy and economic sanctions would become more effective and practical than the attack by forces we wouldn't need any forces. In the real world it seems impossible to prevent the war. And once the war happens many countries interfere with the implicated countries some country sells a lot of weapons for business and other countries send their armies to make their base in the country. But I am certain that the world without any forces is ideal for everyone and we have an ability to figure out the solution. I hope to believe it but of course the real way is so hard and so far. However some day a country might give up the forces as a start of the world's true peace. If it would be Japan it will be my great pressure. References 1. Stockholm International Peace Research Institute SIPRI Yearbook 2007.
