If man in the state of nature be so free as has been said if he be absolute lord of his own person and possessions equal to the greatest and subject to no body why will he part with his freedom John Locke. I would like to begin by saying that in the modern world medicine had made tremendous advances which allow us to save people from the most serious sicknesses. Life support systems allow doctors to keep terminally ill patients alive for an extended period of time. This is exactly the rationality of the medical ability to keep all patients alive. In the following essay I will argue that we should not keep all the patients alive and let terminally ill patients die. Euthanasia is never the end result of joy or contentment. Some pain makes us want to stop whatever action we are doing in order to escape from it. Physical pain usually leads someone to commit suicide by getting someone to assist him or her in the act for example if someone is suffering from Aids. Assisted suicide euthanasia is the most common suicide for people suffering from various incurable diseases and sicknesses that are too painful for them to handle Jamison 46 . As stated previously euthanasia depends largely on physical pain yet sometime psychological pain can also want many people to die ANON_NAME_0 90 . Typically the doctor would first of all administer intravenously sedative potion to induce coma in a patient. Once it is certain that the patient is in a deep coma another shot is done to inject muscle relaxant which would stop the breathing and the heart and ultimately cause the death of a patient. As one can see from such practices the euthanasia is administered with the amount of pain minimized to reduce the possible patient suffering to the minimum Humphry 202 . Throughout ages people would act as they wanted. They would commit suicides not only when being terminally ill but also when suffering major mental breakdowns and disappointments. While it might indeed be counter intuitive to approve and legitimatize death but one will not change much. People already have the right to die at war or at the workplace incident and death is taken into account by the military and corporations otherwise much greater security measures would be installed in organizations or the military would not move troops out of the country to die abroad Brock 1992 . There are many examples when terminally ill patients need to be killed or just let die. For instance brain dead patients who do not have qualities that comprise humans such as free will thinking and reasoning need to be let die. When pain was involved 97 of patients stated they approved of increasing the dosage of morphine 53 approved of physician assisted suicide PAS 24 approved of euthanasia Panzer 4 . The article also noted that in cases when patients are not able to make decisions their relatives might get authorization to let their loved ones die. ANON_URLSPAGE_Pro euthanasia means that it can be practiced only after repeatable requests from the patient or in some cases from their legal guardians relatives and only when the patient experiences much pain and suffering and is unlikely to return to normal social functioning. Some of the sicknesses like cancer progress quickly and cause much pain to the patients preventing them from enjoying the last moments of their lives. Allowing them to die when there is no way to save their life is probably the best solution as it would consider their last will. From the utilitarian point of view euthanasia is also permissible if it will reduce the amount of suffering in the society or a community. There are cases when a patient spends several months in a coma and without a chance of returning to consciousness while his her relatives spend all their time and life savings on keeping them in a clinic. Assisted suicide here would certainly make the lives of all people happier here. If a person is suffering from pain assisting them to die will certainly reduce their suffering and the suffering of their close ones Manning 132 . Personally I favor liberalism so whichever does not directly hurt me should be approved and legalized. I would certainly be extremely unhappy if my children or parents chose to kill themselves. I believe that euthanasia should be legal only when the direct relatives or legal guardians sign up the permission forms. If the legal guardians refuse to sign the form the person who wants euthanasia should be given proper counseling and advisory services to show them that their live matters to their family members and guardians. In conclusion I would like to note that euthanasia of terminally ill patients appears to be a reasonable solution to the problems that terminally ill patients cause to their family medical institutions and the society. Euthanasia will save family and hospital resources. It will allow the hospital staff to work more productively and efficiently. After all in my opinion it appears to be the best solution for the patients who neither die nor remain conscious. Euthanasia respects the will of a patient to either live or to die and takes it into consideration at all time. From the utilitarian point of view euthanasia helps to reduce the amount of suffering in the family and in the society. Once again I will state that I support euthanasia as long as it is voluntary and there is no other chance for a patient to become healthy and normal. References Brock Dan 1992 Voluntary Active Euthanasia The Hastings Center Report vol 22. Humphry Derek 2005 The Good Euthanasia Guide Where What Who in Choices in Dying McGraw Hill 111 113. ANON_NAME_0 Jonathan Arguing Euthanasia The Controversy Over Mercy Killing Assisted Suicide And The Right To Die NY Random House 2004. ANON_URLSPAGE_Accessed Jul. 29Th 2007.
