Culture Social Life family and eating habits Education universities and school levels Government system Political and economic They always say in Arabic idiom the fingers of a hand aren't equal . The world is one life with different cultural. When I came from my home Saudi Arabia to here I find some issues are similar and others different. I will focus here on the three cultures issues to explain some the similarities and differences social life education and government system. From my belief that most of culture comes from the social life that is the reason to put it in the beginning. I divided it to two types family life and eating habits. In a family's life several situations are similar. For example people usually work eight hours a day and parents have a responsibility to take care for their kids. But there in my home we have many differences from here in the U. S. For example here a family doesn't continue its life together like in my home here people are usually independent after 18 years old. However eating habits are very most similarity. For example we have three meals a day and we eat in a house or a restaurant like here. Maybe the difference is the time of the meals especially the dinner which we usually have after 9 pm. The second point is the education. We have a similar education system like here. But there are several differences. For instance we have 12 levels same as here and they are divided into three kinds of school elementary intermediate and secondary schools. On other hand we have fewer universities than here. That is the reason for increasing the number of scholarships. The last cultural issue is the government systems such as political and economic systems. The politic system in my country is kingdom system. That is a huge difference from here. We have a king who has all authorities and control on all ministries and government programs. For economy the system is the same as here. But it has some exceptions for instance there are some rules for internal foreign investments and participation. Finally in my opinion I can say there are a lot of similarities and a little of differences between the culture here and in my home that will become more similar in the future if the world is coming without strangers.
