Outline Family Friends Bad habits Feelings Money relationship WHAT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT INFLUENCE ON YOUNG ADULTS In this moment is very difficult to know what is the most important influence on young adults because now the young adults spend more time with their friends than their parents. The parents need more money because every day the prices increase sometimes they don't want to spend time with their children or they prefer solve their problems before that they thought in their children. Why that is happen First because parents need to earn more money to pay bills pay young adults education pay the house and the food. That means they need to spend more time in their jobs and spend less time with their sons. Then the young adults share the most part of their life with their friend. Sometimes they learn about the life with their experiences or their friends experiences and don't have guide to solve their problems because their parents don't have enough time to explain and teach about the best way to solve this problems like tobacco use alcohol or sexual behavior. Second most of the parents don't want to spend more time with their children. In this country I don't understand why the parents always think about when their children grow up and go to high school as far as they can. They have children only to continue the race. In my country we spend the most part of our life with our parents. That means we learn a lot of items because our parents teach us. The most of young adults in my country try to study near to their parents house that they can to spend more time with their parents. Third the couples have a lot of troubles and they think first how to solve their problems how to avoid the divorce or sometimes they prefer divorce to avoid more fights. In this process they don't take care their children and young adults. The children and young adults spend this time with their friends. In conclusion I think in my country the family play a very important role in our education and have the most important influence on young adults that their friends. The family is the support of our life whereas in this country I think the support of young adults life are their friends.
