Nowadays women are participating in many work force in variety area. Some women have an important role even more than men. However house work like raising children is regarded as women's responsibility. Therefore most working women meet dilemma whether they quit their jobs when they get married or when they have a baby. I think that quitting their job is not good choice for women. Actually to get a job a woman has been educated and trained. If a woman quit a job only because of children that work force or society loose potential capacity consequently. According to statistics on educated women and marriage 60 of college graduates are now women and it'll be 66 in 5 years . A This result reflects women become intelligent to achieve their goal and they can satisfy employer's requirement like men. For more specific example the research on earned degrees in communication by level of degree and gender 1970 2000 by national communication association presents bachelor's degrees in communication have total 56 910 graduate from 1999 to 2000. Among them men are 22 063 and women are 34 837. In addition in case of master's degrees 5 605 graduates are men and the other 3 456 are women. B Therefore educated women are increasing and they have enough potential to perform their job well or much better than men do. In addition if a woman quits a job and stays at home for few years she has less opportunity to restart her career later. According to survey of women returning to work after raising families in Wharton Center for Leadership and Change 83 percent women could be accepted comparable or lower level job and 61 percent women have to changed industries. C When they are interviewed employers estimate them with young competitive recruits. They can be underrated and get lower level job as survey says. You can think women have responsibility to raise their children. However women who want to continue their job can be assisted by their parent or parents in law to raise their children. They can use day care centers as well while they're working during the day. For example my brother and I was raised up by my grand mother when I was young because my mom was working. However my brother and I grow up normally and I'm very proud and satisfied that my mother have job until now. In conclusion women should continue their job after marriage even if they have a baby. Continuing their job can be a channel for women to perform their capacity thoroughly. Moreover it can grantee your job without concern about loosing positions and returning to work force. If they make up their mind to continue their job your family relatives or day care centers can help you to raise your children. Harriet Beecher Stowe a female writer said Never give up for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn . B The problems always have solutions therefore women should continue their job to accomplish their purpose. References a. Statistics On Educated Women And Marriage . 30 Jul. 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_b. Earned Degrees in Communication by Level of Degree and Gender 1970 2000 . National Communication Association. 30 Jul. 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_. U. S. Department of Education National Center for Education Statistics Higher Education General Information Survey and Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System This count only includes colleges that awarded degrees in that academic year. The list would be short some small colleges that had programs but conferred no communication degrees in 1999 2000. C. TENISHA MERCER. Women raise kids lose careers. 24 Oct. 2005. 30 Jul. 2007 ANON_URLSPAGE_d. Simran Khurana Motivational Quotes by Women. 30 Jul. 2007 ANON URLPAGE
