An Event that Changed my Life Imagine you are dropped into an island where you nobody know have to start a new life again or have to learn new things to survive while your friends in your hometown are enjoying a normal life. South Korea is not an island but I felt like that situation when I had to make a new start there. I used to live in Germany for 10years. I was not born there but I spent my whole childhood in Germany. My family moved to Germany when I was 2 years old and moved back to my country when I was 13years old after my father finished his study. At that time I couldn't believe that I had to leave my friends school and my hometown 'Wiesbaden'. While I was living in Korea I couldn't see my future. I couldn't start or won't start a new life in a country that I didn't know. It took long time to overcome to get used to the country for three reasons that finally affected my life until now many differences between Germany and Korea schools problems in learning the language and personality problems. First it was not easy to be accustomed to a culture that I had lived just for 3 years. Almost all was so different between Germany and Korea. I realized it when I had my first day in school. The first day in school was surprising because I was accustomed to the German schools. I considered that we had to wear uniforms. Before I went to the school I had to buy a uniform and I tried it at home. I predicted that a different school life will begin. In German school we never wear uniforms. I could wear whatever I want. However here in Korea I had to wear that stuffy thing. More over I had to put on similar shoes and cut my hair short. All students looked the same because it was the purpose for all. We looked like a small army an army with boys and girls. I thanked God that the school was not only with boys. That was the same but that is where the similarities ended because we were divided in other classes. Moreover we had teachers who sometimes hit us with something when we did something wrong. I was very shocked about that because in Germany I have never seen it before. Hitting at school is prohibited. Furthermore the teacher was like a king or a dictator for us. We had to listen a boring class where the teacher taught us and student's only listen it was a class without interaction. In contrast in Germany schools have many interactions together. Second to learn a language was not easy for me. I was not able to speak the Korean language because I used it only at home. I knew just few words. My brain was always thinking and dreaming in German language. Because of this I had problems in conversation with my classmates. Some students laughed about my pronunciation. Some students were very kind to me teaching bad words in Korean that I realized later. It was difficult in following the class. I was losing more and more interest in studying at school. Furthermore it was really difficult in making friends. I felt me behind the others. I wanted back to Germany where my friends are living without any those problems. Third I had some problems with my personality. When I lived in Germany I lived as a German. I did all what Germans men did. However in Korea I was confused. No doubt in that I am a Korean but it was not easy for me to think that I am not a German. I thought in German I had German habits and I want to be left over as a German. Moreover I had problems to speak the Korean language. That was a big problem for me. Many people that I am Japanese or someone from another country. In the past when I was in middle school we had no many students from abroad. For instance I was the only one who came from another country. However nowadays we have many experiences about students from coming and going abroad. It was difficult to mix myself between the others. I felt me alone and many times behind the others. In conclusion this event changed my live. Although I had many problems in getting used to Korea learning a new language and personality problems I overcame my problems finally as long as I live in my country. It was really hard to get accustomed to another culture because I couldn't find any similarities between them. Almost all things were so different. I felt really lost on an island. However as long as I live in my country I realized that a man has to live in their own country.
