Nurture or Nature Have you ever heard Chinese legend about Mencius Mencius who is very famous philosopher in Asia wrote a lot of books and impacted on Asia culture. When he was young his mother wanted him to grow up as well so she moved a house many times because of his education. First she moved a house nearby department store and then he had learned about clerk's habit. Second she moved a house nearby religion's area. By then the had learned about shaman's acting. She thought that there were not adoptable place. Finally she moved a house nearby school by then he had studied too much and he was going to be famous philosopher. This story give us a lesson that intelligence is mostly the result of the interaction between people and their environment regardless of nature. I support that nurture is more important than nature. There are three reasons why nurture is more important than nature People are society animal people can get intelligence by effort genius sometimes are ruined by bad environment. First of all Aristotle Greek philosopher said people are societal animal. People should depend on societal environment. People can not live alone. Otherwise people have influenced by societal environment. People were taught think and speak in their environment. Even though genius was born sometimes environment make a person who is genius to stupid person because of bad environment. Second people can get intelligence by effort. Edison who is famous inventor said genius is made of 1 inspiration and 99 effort. Sometimes people do not know their limiting ability. People lose a lot of opportunity in their life. People think 'I can not do this one. I am not genius. Maybe one genius is going to do this one. ' And then they give up their job even though they really want to do. We can get everything we want to. We can fight what really we want to do. If our life is already destined by God we can struggle against fate and then achieve our new destiny. I have a motto in my life that 'Effort is not being treachery in my life. ' Even though I do my best unless I can get my job that I really want to do that is I did not do my best. Lastly sometimes genius can be ruined by bad environment. I know a friend who is my schoolmate in high school. He was a great baseball player. Most people though he was going to be great baseball player and envy his talent of baseball. Actually Hyun ANON_NAME_0 Korean baseball team nominated him in draft. However his environment was not good because he had a lot of friends who likes drinking alcohol. By he was nominated by baseball team he had not practiced baseball and had started drinking many days. After all he lost his job today he is working restaurant. He could have practiced baseball. Even if he practices his job he would be great baseball player. Most of people lost their environment because of bad environment. In conclusion this essay has presented three of why nurture is more important than nature people are society animal people can get intelligence by effort genius sometimes be ruined by bad environment. Therefore such as Nike advertisement just do it regardless of nature.
