The Great Invention Can you image life without computers and internet When we talk about what the great invention is in the twentieth century different people usually have different answers. I think computer and internet are the great inventions in the twentieth century. They have changed our lives greatly in many ways such as computing communication and also entertainment. The first of all computer and internet change computing ways from paper manual labor to computer web online. Before the invention of computer so many computing works were done by manual labor on paper. Nowadays we can do lots of computing work quickly and easily by using computers. You can create documents and edit them easily on a computer. You can do research on the internet. And we can do some tremendous computing works at different locations all around the world through the internet. The method changes and speed are great accelerated. What great inventions of computer and internet they are! Secondly Computer and internet change communication ways. In the informational age the computer and internet is the key of it nowadays we can use web meeting visional web camera to make better communications. Computer and internet allow us to stay in touch with people who live on the other side of the street the country or even the world. The computer and internet give you access to the world. You can email your friends. You can read news on some website. You can attendant some meeting just sitting in your home through the web meeting. You can know everything happened without you even walk a foot. Computer and internet give us great convenience. How could these happened if without computer and internet At last Computer and internet change entertainment ways. We have a lot of computer games and on line games. You can enjoy the music you loved on computer. You can watch the sports game you loved that may be processed in another country. If you want to see a performance you can check on line where and when the performance will be presented and also can book in advance and order tickets through the internet using computer. If you want to a movie you can just sit at your home turn on your computer connecting to the internet search a movie and then download to your computer or just through the internet you can watch the movie on computer without leaving your home. Depending on computer and internet our lives quality improved greatly. Could you image how the life will be without computer and internet Since the invention of computer and internet we have so many things have changed and we can live easily and in high quality with them. It's really hard to image life without computer and internet. Computer and internet changed our computing communication and entertainment ways greatly and improved our lives quality tremendously. In short nobody can deny that computer and internet are the great inventions in the twentieth century.
