Imagine a man who is your lovely brother son or lover. He must go to the military because going to the military in his country is mandatory even if he does not want to go there. How would you feel if he must go to the military In the most countries people do not have to go there. However men in Korea must go to the military. Because I am Korean I had been there for two years. Many people think that men in Korea who must go to the military waste time there and are afraid for their lovely brother son or lover to go there. But it was valuable experience for me. After I finished the military service I was able to obtain three worthy things Independence leadership and responsibility. The first thing which I was able to gain after I finished the military service is leadership. There are many works which soldiers must do in the military. That is why soldiers cannot do by one person and should cooperate with each other. Due to this fact a position from a private who is a soldier of the lowest position in the military to sergeant who is a soldier of highest position exists there. A sergeant should lead the team which consists of privates and succeed works which the team must do. For example when I was a private in the military I just followed a sergeant. However when I became a sergeant because a Korean soldier changes the position from a private to a sergeant after one year and five months I had to lead my privates and order them to work to succeed my work. Therefore I was able to acquire leadership from the military. The second thing is independence. It was first time to live alone without parents. I had to do everything by myself. For example I had to wash my laundry clean my room and wake up at 6 A. M everyday. Also as a sergeant who has the highest position of soldiers ordered me to work I had to finish the work by myself at any situation though I do not want to work. That is I had not to excuse a sergeant in the military and had to just do alone at any time and situation if a sergeant ordered me to do something because I absolutely had to follow a sergeant in the military. Lastly the thing which I was able to gain after the military service is responsibility. In the military sergeants manage their team which consists of privates. If their team fails to work or mistake something relating to the work sergeants have to bear the responsibility for their team because they are the soldier of the highest position in the team. That is why I had to take the responsibility instead of other soldiers as soon as I became a sergeant. For instance I was a army driver in the military. As other army drive committed a car accident I had to explain its situation in front of all soldiers instead of my private who committed a car accident. Also I had to take them to the army hospital and treat them to recover health if they were injured by the car accident. In other words I had a important responsibility to take care of my soldiers. In Korea people who must go to the military feel desperate before they go to the military. However while I was in military I was able to grow up by myself. To summarize I could get to grow up because I gained Leadership independence and responsibility from while I was in the military. During the military time they would have a precious experience which they cannot experience again in their lifetime. Also it would help them adapt to work in company every organization and anywhere.
