The everlasting festival If the Samurai warriors in the medieval times come to our today's world by time machine what would most surprise them Probably it is the fact that festive ornaments which originate in their festival 1000 years ago are still used in the 21st century. Japanese people have long kept traditional events. One of Japanese time honored events is 'Girl's Festival to pray for happiness of girls on March 3rd. Some people might think that the old custom would not be so important in the materialized and realistic society. Is it true Although the event has changed its form gradually through centuries it still plays an important role in our life because of the unique history the delightful way of celebrating and its meaning. The unique history of Girl's Festival is our precious heritage showing Japanese tradition. It dates back to the Heian Period 1000 years ago. There was a ceremony among the nobility to pray for the perfect state of health in March. They were blessed by a diviner and floated paper dolls down rivers to drive away bad luck. This thought of shifting bad luck to dolls still remains in regional customs here and there. The ceremony had developed into a present form mixed with a fashion of elegant dolls and crafts over several centuries. In the Edo Period today's gorgeous types of dolls were formed about 400 years ago. At that time the festival became popular not only among upper class but also among lower class families all over Japan. The festival represents our piety the delicate art of work and fashions of the time. The delightful way of celebrating unites family members though the festival. Parents prepare for traditional foods such as diamond shaped rice cakes sushi and clam soup which are thought as symbols of health and prosperity. All family members enjoy eating these foods together. They display well dressed dolls representing the Imperial family of the Heian Period on the red carpet tiers inside the house. The miniature dolls and accessories like swords and hats are elaborately made and children carefully display them in right places on the tier according to parents' advice. Parents explain to children about the history and each doll's role. Decorating these is the greatest pleasure for parents and children. It offers opportunities to communicate within the family. The meaning of Girl's Festival stands for the eternal wish of parents throughout the ages. The festival is to celebrate the healthy growth of the family's girls and to hope that they will be blessed with children in the future. Every year parents take the set of dolls out of a closet a several days before the day of Girl's Festival in order to celebrate it properly. When it is over the dolls are immediately packed into special boxes in order because we have a superstition that girls have difficulty in marrying in the future if they delay putting away. Parents' attitudes toward the festival make children recognize that they are loved. Through the festival parents' wish has been certainly passed down from generation to generation. In conclusion Girl's Festival is of great value in our modern life which represents our tradition enhance communication between family members and pass parents' wish onto the next generation. Once aware of these points you will appreciate that the festival is indispensable for us.
