Losing weight Do you exactly know your weight I read If you are 20 years old and weight 125 pounds you will weight more than 175 pounds when you turn 40. It is from Time. This sentence simple tell us that actually you gain weight every year during you grow up your ages. Unfortunately getting weight is not butter your health. If you want to enjoy longer and stronger life you have to consider your weight. So hear are a few losing weight tips such as making happy attending exercise Eating right. Making happy life can promote your mental and physical health. Some scientists think that pleased emotion more developed your metabolism and body's balance and then set up a great goal Losing eight. Laugh one time which makes you more younger than a decade. It is a traditional mention. However most people are unhappy in their situation. They often have a lot for stress as sadness anxiety and loneliness when they desire to eat their favorite foods to instead of uncomfortable feelings. In fact even although you do not eat something foods you might not be hungry because your body's mechecin works slowly during your felling done. Same time you extra eat foods could gain weight. It is not good way for your health. Attending exercise burns fatter in your body. General moderate physical activities take out more sugar and fat to support losing weight. So forget about running a marathon if that is not your sport and start thinking about walking to the market changing drive. Attending some funs looks like a dancing an hour of walking and yard work can burn your calories. For example I have tried to use running to losing my weight for 4 years. I have run 2 to 3 mails three times a week First time I needed about 40 50 minutes. I got a small success that weight lost 5 pound a year. I would stick to burn my fat. But it was not easily because I increased rate for my running 2 to 3 mails it only used about 30 minutes soon after two years my weight was not changing and keeps same number. I really confused. Finally I asked an expert and then I knew that if the total exertion is 20 minutes per time as maintaining you current weight you hope to losing weight must do more than 60 minutes per time. Eating right means depending on a personal situation to choose healthy food. Other you need to set eating time. I didn't finish this is an essay I am going to continue to write it. I am so sorry.
