Babel beyond the communication The Bible says a men's desire to reach to the heaven by building a tower named Babel provoked God's wrath. Thus God says If as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them. Come let us go down and confuse their language so they will not understand each other. Named after the Bible's story the movie Babel brings in subjects that the world confronts now. Despite living in a so called global village people are divided into culture language race class and religion which lead people in crisis. Alejandro Gonz k great deal of weight on Babel because it does not untangle a story by telling you with script lines. Since Babel deals with four different languages in three continents consequently visual readability is crucial for Babel. Possibly it could be thought somewhat monotonous because there are no distorted perspective scenes and panting sequences that usually recent movie audiences demand. However not to mention reality of life that the way of what he sees in the world is not that rapid and thrilling. Second of all his distinctive and splintered sequences editing enhances its realistic quality. Having four different stories in three continents it tangles time line of the stories in the movie. It starts from Arabic boys of a barren and remote desert village of Morocco a nanny of an affluent family in San Diego and eventually it reaches to a deaf mute schoolgirl in Japan. Completely unrelated yet comprehensible his threads of tales do meet in the movie and finally make sense even more in your mind. There are no boundaries at life and time and in certain point his twisted integration of sequences is similar to our glimpse instead. Finally Babel paints verisimilar plots and issues that you might come across in the real world such as detailed depiction of a Moroccan family with goat herd an American couple who have marriage problem an illegal immigrant Mexican nanny and a deaf mute schoolgirl whose mother killed herself recently. Any of his characters and stories does not seem to be unreal. Even though he does not tell anything about them and give minimum information we feel familiar. In addition all of his four stories in Babel are very plausible and actually could happen around us. He puts small stories to tell controversial issues today. It is no more 'the others' problem yet ours to solve together. Admittedly he does know how to weave stories to show what the problem really is. On the whole in the Babel Having been inspired by miscommunication mistrust and incapable of understanding in the world the director throws a tacit question what are we missing or what should we take care about He directed with exquisite observation of the world which he sees bleakness and instability. As with his perspective to the world he painted the movie with splintered sequences and wove threads into a sole movie. Finally his truly believable stories make people reconsider the world and society.
