Nature or Nurture in Intelligence Here are someone's achievements like his great management ability for influential newspaper companies lots of inventions about science and technology active involvement to the politics and the diplomacy and well known writings. After reading these works you may imagine someone who was in an academic family and got an organized education under respectful teachers. However this is Benjamin Flankline's story and nobody tells that his splendid business and academic results are due to his environment or well education because he did not receive any regular schooling and even had to help his father in a factory since young age. In this story it shows that his intelligence was from born nature not environment. Even though there are many discussions about the origin of intelligence the fact that people are born with intelligence is more reasonable than the theory of nurture environmental acquired intelligence when we consider gene evidence and environmental experiments. According to the development of science scientists have been revealing the secret of human genes. They have started to decode the genetic information invented new medicines and even performed gene engineering through these results and the location of intelligence of the DNA is not the new issue any more. That means people have their intelligence in their genes which came from their parents lasted for a whole life and also will continue to their offspring. If some defects are in the genes they would not be totally recovered by the environment. Though some good education and well surroundings are helpful to improve the intelligence they are trivial in comparison to the effect of genes because it is already determined mostly in the genes. We can remember the period of our kindergarten or lower classes in the elementary school. At that time the differences in background or foundation of knowledge among the students are petty and the teacher's directions or class activities are same to all of the students. In spite of that the results of studying are various. Some students could not understand the context at the basic but some of them could make practical applications. This can be a kind of environmental experiment to show the limitation of nurture and to support the importance of nature intelligence. Although many scholars insist on the important effects of environmental support and reactions of the relationship in development period but that is just a subsidiary way compare with the critical effect of gene decision. Therefore after considering the genetic evidence and environmental limitation we can not help coming to the conclusion that the intelligence is nature rather than nurture.
