Nature or Nurture Could the man in the iron mask act as a real king when he was eventually rescued from a sixteen year prison In Dumas' famous novel the man in the iron mask the notorious Louis X IV was dethroned by his identity brother Philippe. Elegant he really was. Philippe the ex con transforms into a king with three week training by master musketeers. It could have been the fancy details in a novel or it could have been an example which tells us the influence from environmental effects. However the gravity of intelligence nowadays has been over emphasized and people even take it as the very code to achieve success. In fact it is the powers of nurture namely environment learning and experience which drives a person to be a king or to be the man in the iron mask. First of all environmental effects sculpt people to become what they are. For example Chinese people represent a conservative image. The possible causes of that could be exiles frequent wars and lethal diseases which have constantly kept them losing their property during the history in thousands of years. Consequently Chinese people gradually turn into a group people who tent to seize tide everything they only have. Reflecting this characteristic they like investing on possessing real estates symbolized holding their roots. American people on the other hand prefer focusing on the future. Being the descendant of Puritan they have the glorious history of trekking across oceans and conquer continentals which eventually leads to the super domination of the U. S. Accordingly they emphasize on exploring the unknown and the value of future. Space projects are typical illustrations to explain their personality. In addition positive personality which has been acquired through long term social adaptation has been proclaimed another fragment to complete occupational integrity. Psychologically speaking the Big Five Personality such as Conscientiousness Agreeableness Neuroticism Openness to Experience and Openness to Experience are believed moral factors we are born with. Either positive or negative these five factors can be modified by the process of social adaptation or simply learning. To disentangle the personality modifications via learning scientists have studied cases of identical twins indicate that identical twins who have identical genetic background share distinct personalities to each other which shows that learning can affect nature moralities greatly. The most famous example of acquired personality is emotion quotient or E. Q. Benefiting our carrier E. Q. Currently has been deemed most valuable personality by most decision makers. More and more popular test takers in big company recruiting are acquired to take an E. Q. Test rather than an intelligence quotient or I. Q. Examination. Thus a person who has higher E. Q. Scores has better chance to acquire a high salary job. Finally experience is also the positive energy to overcome obstacles in our life time. As the co founder and CEO in Apple Inc Steven P. Jobs has the most twisted story about the power of experience. At his early age in Apple Jobs has devoted all his efforts to play a role as the major competitor against the operating system giant Microsoft. Subsequently Jobs has been forced to leave Apple and then established another hardware oriented computer company the NEXT Corporation which provided a reasonable price on educational computer system. The same as a retrospection Steven Jobs realized that the NEXT system is a very advanced system however it can not be popular or successful in the market because of the over wrestling competition with other computer companies such as Microsoft and IBM. Through the accumulated experience he learned that proceeding hardware oriented business may not his way out. Thus Jobs had learned to focus on software and that led to the birth of Pixar the most welcomed and lucrative animation movie studio in the world which had produced comic legendaries such as Toy Story Finding Nemo before its acquisition by Disney. Furthermore with the combination of the NEXT and Apple Steven Jobs has returned to the company he co founded. With the previous experience Jobs has stopped carrying on unreasonable competitive methods against Microsoft. That is he has changed Apple from a hardware oriented company to entertainment oriented headquarter which led to the hits of ipod and saved Apple from its financial crush. To conclude nature factors can be affected by environmental effects long term learning and precious experience. The exaggeration of native intelligence should be carefully avoided. Most people for instance might stop learning if he or she is admired as a smart person. That could limit their potential of being successful. As a result to approach success we should make up our mind and stay humble to acquire abilities we do not have and this is a process called nurture.
