Moving To a Foreign Country Human beings who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so Douglas Adams says. Moving to a foreign country is not difficult as you think. It has many benefits can change you life to the better such as understanding others culture learn a second language and personal maturity. Misunderstanding others culture may get in a hard situation. You can avoid that by talking to the natives. Ones I have been in embarrassing situation in china. On my birthday I was invited to my friends' home and that was my first time to have party there. They were presented with gifts I thanked them and started to open them. She asked me Are you going to open them now In Chinese culture you are not expected to open your gift immediately after receiving it. Other anecdote is in Saudi Arabia. I invited my friend from America and named William to my house. He saw a big watch on my friend's hand when he said he liked it my friend insisted on giving it to him. Many middle easterners feel obligated to give something to someone who admires it. My friend kept insisting but William didn't want to accept it. Epictetus says Only the educated are free. We know that may companies in these days want employee who can speak a second language. Also they have a better opportunity to be the represent for that company in other country. More over that will help you to communicate with people who speak the same language that you have already spoken. Then you will learn their culture and language. Maturity is that time when the mirrors in our mind turn to windows and instead of seeing the reflection of ourselves we see others. Living abroad might reflect your personality and improve it. For instance instead of being unreliable you can be reliable and trust on you self. Feeling lonely in a foreign country will help to cross your feelings and become hospitable friendly and modest. Remember that the maturity is the glory of years. I think the age is a very high price to waste it. Do not waste it and try to move to other country and learn practical tips. The world becomes small and the life goes faster. That is my advice for those people who believe about the impossible.
