The Great Invention Can you imagine life without computers and the Internet When we talk about what the great invention is in the twentieth century different people usually have different answers. I think computers and the Internet are the great inventions in the twentieth century. They have changed our lives greatly in many ways such as computing communication and also entertainment. First of all computers and the Internet change computing ways from paper and manual labor to computer and web online. Before the invention of computer so many computing works had been done by manual labor on paper. Nowadays we can do lots of computing work quickly and easily by using computers. You can create documents and edit them easily on a computer. Before the invention of the Internet you cannot share the data so easily as today through the Internet. Now you can share the data easily through the Internet. You can do research on the Internet. And we can do some tremendous computing works at different locations all around the world through the Internet. The method is changed and speed is great accelerated. What great inventions of computer and the Internet they are! Secondly computers and the Internet change communication ways. In the informational age computers and the Internet are the key of them nowadays you can use web meeting visional web camera to make better communications. Computers and the Internet allow us to stay in touch with people who live on the other side of the street the country or even the world. Computers and the Internet give you access to the world. You can email your friends. You can read news on some website. You can attend some meeting and conference just sitting in your home through the web meeting. You can know everything happened without even walking a foot. Computers and the Internet give us great convenience. How could these happened if without computers and the Internet Finally computers and the Internet also change entertainment ways. There are a lot of computer games and on line games. You can enjoy the music you loved on computer. You can watch sports games you loved which may be processed in another country through the Internet. If you want to see a performance you can check on line where and when the performance will be presented and also can book in advance and order tickets through the internet using computer. If you want to a movie you can just sit at your home turn on your computer connecting to the Internet search a movie and then download to your computer or just through the Internet you can watch the movie on computer without leaving your home. Depending on computer and the Internet our lives quality improved greatly. Could you imagine how life will be without computers and the Internet Since the invention of computer and internet we have so many things have changed and we can live easily and in high quality with them. It's really hard to imagine life without computers and the Internet. Computers and the Internet changed our computing communication and entertainment ways greatly and improved our lives quality tremendously. In short nobody can deny that computers and the Internet are the great inventions in the twentieth century.
