Korean Men's Obligation The Military Imagine a man who is your lovely brother son or lover. He must go to the military because in his country it is mandatory even if he does not want to go. How would you feel In most countries people do not have to go there. However men in Korea must go to the military. Because I am a Korean I went there for two years. Many people think that men in Korea who must go to the military waste their time there and are afraid for their lovely brother son or lover to go there. However it was a valuable experience for me. Though the military service I was able to get three worthy things Leadership independence and responsibility. The first thing which I was able to gain after I finished the military service is leadership. There are many works which soldiers must do. That is why soldiers cannot do by one person and must cooperate with each other. Due to this a sergeant who is a soldier of the highest position must lead a team which consists of privates who are soldiers of lowest position and succeed works which the team must do. For example when I became a sergeant after one year and three months I had to lead my privates and order them to work to succeed my work. As a private did not want to follow me I had to make him work. The way which I make him work was just to persuade him. At that time I persuaded many privates and realized that persuasion was the most important thing of leadership. Because of these experiences I was able to gain leadership from the military. The second thing is independence. It was the first time for me to live alone without my parents. I had to do everything by myself. For example I had to wash my laundry clean my room and wake up at 6 A. M everyday. And whenever a sergeant ordered me to work I had to finish the work by myself at any situation even if I did not want to work. In addition when I became a sergeant I had to do my work without other person's help. Nobody was able to help me because I was in the highest position at that time. While I was in the military I had to keep two words by myself in my mind. Lastly the most important thing I learned is responsibility. In the military sergeants manage their team which consists of privates. If their team fails to work or make a mistake relating to the work sergeants have to bear the responsibility for their team because they are the soldier of the highest position in the team. That is why as soon as I became a sergeant I had to take the responsibility instead of other soldiers. For instance I was an army driver in the military. If my privates were injured by a car accident I had to take them to the army hospital and take care of them to recover health. Also I had to explain its situation in front of all soldiers instead of my private who had a car accident. In other words I had an important responsibility to take care of my soldiers. In Korea people who must go to the military feel desperate before they go to the military. However it is a best opportunity to grow up by themselves in the military. To summarize I could grow up because I gained leadership independence and responsibility from the military. During the military time Korean soldiers have a precious experience which they cannot experience again in their lifetime.
