There is a story about how the sun and moon were made by a heaven ruler in my country and I like to talk about the story. Long time ago when sun and moon was made before there was a happy family but poor. Mother of that family was widow and she was selling small rice cakes for living and she got lovely children boy and girl. She had to climb the mountain which was near to her house to get to the city and sell small rice cakes. One day while she was on her way to the city she met a scary and big tiger which wanted to take her rice cakes so she gave one to the tiger. However she got forced to give all her rice cakes which were supposed to be sold for her living one by one. Finally when she gave all rice cakes and there was nothing in her bag she was eaten by the tiger. But the tiger still felt hungry and went to her house to eat her children. After it arrived at her home it knocked the door and faked her voice but her children were smart enough to recognize their mother's voice. Therefore they sneaked out through the back door and ran away. But the tiger figured it out and they were chased by it. Although they were running as fast as they can they couldn't get away from it because they were just children so they started praying for help to a heaven ruler and their desperate prayer could have sent by angels. Right after the ruler heard their message the thick rope was gotten down to the children and they held it and went up to the heaven. When the tiger saw what just happened to them it also prayed for the rope and it could get one which was old and weak. While the rope was pulled by angels the tiger was trying to get to children but it couldn't reach. Finally the tiger's rope was cut because it was old and weak and it was dead. As soon as children got to the heaven they could meet the ruler. And they had to decide whether to be the sun or moon. And the boy decided to be the moon because the girl was afraid of the dark. When they made their decision they were transformed and this is how the sun and moon were made for the first time. I think it could be an accident.
