Motherhood a Journey of Love Thoreau an American essayist once said There is no remedy for love but to love more. Motherhood is a process. There are emotions and experiences related to a sense of strong affection. It is a love that has no remedy but to love more. It is a journey to be traveled. Motherhood has changed my self image my world and it has changed me. What you are doing for another person is so fundamental and in a beautiful process you can discover that you are able to do it even though it is a very demanding job. Being a mother has many different changes in many different areas. The most important areas to me are social physical and emotional. Every human being has a role in society. A mother's role varies in different cultures and this is one of the most important changes in the social area of motherhood. The relationships between friends and family change the time for social activities decreases because caring for the baby becomes the first priority. In my culture it is important that a mother stays with the baby as long as possible. That means that sometimes the mother decides to quit her job because of the baby. A new and special relationship is developed between the mother and the baby and the love is the special ingredient in it. Because of the love that you have for your baby you can deal with all of the social changes that have come into your life. Another important change that comes with motherhood is the physical change. Most of the time these kinds of changes are not pleasant. When you are pregnant hormonal changes affect your skin hair body teeth and nutrition. Each one of these areas has specific elements that our body has to re accommodate and this is very hard to do. The senses change particularly the sense of smell. It intensifies the odors and the food that was pleasant before is now unpleasant. Your body has to support two bodies instead of one. You are exhausted with all of these changes. The love for your baby supports you in this period and through this new stage of your life. Finally the emotional changes that accompany motherhood are very important because they implicate the psyche of the mother. There are different elements involved here stress emotional insecurity sexual changes problems with self esteem and fears about miscarriage. Each culture has different ways to manage these changes. In my culture the family is a big support. They can help you with advice about the situation that you are living or can help you with financial problems that may be a cause of stress. In both cases the love of the family is fundamental to go through the emotional changes. Psychological changes are fundamental in this emotional process. Pregnancy is a big and important event in the life of every woman. However opposing feelings can appear during this time. On the one hand it is a deep joy. On the other hand there are a lot of fears to deal with. The question is Who I am How I am going to be a mom A lot of different emotions jump into the heart of the future Mom. This feeling that we call 'love' reminds us Don't worry be happy you can do it!. I am a witness to this phenomenon. Motherhood does not have a 'definition'. The practice of motherhood plus to live it every day is the best way to me to understand the meaning of it. Motherhood is a journey of love a never ending road a style of life that you can share with others and is a mystery to be solved.
