The Great Invention Can you imagine life without computers and the Internet When we talk about what the great invention in the twentieth century is different people usually have different answers. I think computers and the Internet are the great inventions of the twentieth century. They have changed our lives greatly in many ways such as computing communication and also entertainment. First of all computers and the Internet changed computing ways from paper and manual labor to the computer and online. Before the invention of the computer so much computing work has been done by manual labor on paper. Nowadays we can do lots of computing quickly and easily by using computers. You can create documents and edit them easily on a computer. Before the invention of the Internet you could not share the data as easily as today through the Internet. Now you can share the data easily through the Internet. You can do research on the Internet. In addition we can do some tremendous computing at different locations all around the world through the Internet. The method is changed and speed is accelerated greatly. What great inventions the computer and the Internet are! Secondly computers and the Internet changed communication. Computers and the Internet are the key elements in the information age. Nowadays you can use web meeting visional web camera to make better communications. Computers and the Internet allow us to stay in touch with people who live on the other side of the street the country or even the world. Computers and the Internet give you access to the world. You can email your friends. You can read news websites. You can attend meetings and conferences just sitting in your home through web meeting. You can know everything that happened without even leaving your home. Computers and the Internet give us great convenience. How could these happen without computers and the Internet Finally computers and the Internet also changed entertainment. There are a lot of computer games and on line games. You can enjoy the music you love on the computer. You can watch sports games you loved which may be going on in another country through the Internet. If you want to see a performance you can check on line where and when the performance will be presented and also can book in advance and order tickets through the Internet. If you want to see a movie you can just sit at your home turn on your computer connect to the Internet search for a movie and then download it to your computer or through the Internet you can watch the movie without leaving your home. Relying on computers and the Internet our quality of life improved greatly. Could you imagine how life would be without computers and the Internet Since the invention of computers and the Internet so many things have changed and we can live easily and with better quality with them. It's really hard to imagine life without computers and the Internet. Computers and the Internet changed our computing communication and entertainment greatly and improved our quality of life tremendously. In short nobody can deny that computers and the Internet are the great inventions of the twentieth century.
