Dramatic Life Change If what you are speaking can not be understood at all by people around you if you do not know at all what people are saying and if you cannot find those familiar TV programs at all that you get used to watching after dinner for more than a couple of decades on the TV channelshow would you get through this situation and survive it Several months ago I started to experience this situation because I just moved to the United States from China. Obviously moving to the US has changed my life dramatically. Nearly all daily experiences are new to me but the most remarkable are diet change language change and media diversity change. Before I arrived here I was extremely occupied by my daily work. Sometimes I had to stay in the office for fifteen continuous hours so I ordered take out frequently. Or if I could squeeze out one or two hours I preferred to have my dinner at my favorite restaurant which would provide dishes with my hometown style. At that time I never considered food from other countries because I deeply loved my hometown's food and hardly diverted my attention to other styles. Now I have tried several Chinese restaurants here none of which can satisfy me at all. Since it's impossible to get the satisfying authentic Chinese cuisine I decided to make them myself. Actually this is a big challenge for me because I seldom did it in China. However I'm between jobs now so I could spend a lot of time on learning to cook. Moreover I gradually realize that cooking myself will definitely make me stay much healthier than before because I learned how to take advantage of the principles of traditional Chinese medicine to make the daily diet function as a precaution for those diseases in an early stage that could not be detected by western medicine. Another big change for me is learning to speak English. In those days in China I was not required very often to keep in contact with foreigners. So speaking English was not what I focused on. Speaking Chinese was enough for me to earn a living. When I came here I suddenly found that my English was a big problem that could not be cracked easily and much more serious than what I imaged if I wanted to get into a top business school to finish the MBA program. I have been shocked by my past idea that if I was exposed to a foreign language environment enough I could be able to speak English fluently. That's too na al very sick of it. I also keep a regular conversation activity over the phone with my American friends. Now is time for me to read a little more to make me familiar with more words and stories although I still keep reading the 'New York Times' 'Business Week' and the 'Wall Street Journal'. Before I often asked myself what the ending point of learning English is. Now I want to say there is no such a point it is a lifelong study. In this process of change my big harvest is that I figure out my common problems when speaking English and Chinese. These problems are not exclusively related to speaking English but also exist when I speak Chinese. So I can take the right approach to get over them and save a lot of time. Finally the available media resources here are much more diverse than in China. TV programs I can watch in the US are completely different from what I watched before. In the prime time period from 7 pm to 8 pm each day in China nearly all TV channels are required to broadcast the same news program 'China Central TV News'. This requirement has been effective for half a century. However there is no such kind of requirement for a TV program across the US. What I have seen here is that every cable TV channel has the right to decide what news will be on air or not. In this way I have more opportunities to access different reports and different aspects of the same news and I will have a better position to see what's truly happening. Actually TV programs to some extent I think have reflected the difference between uniformness in Chinese culture and diversity in American culture. What surprised me surprised is that I can find the influence of 'uniformness' in most daily behavior and thoughts. For example I unconsciously like to dress in the same way as others and even tend to avoid standing out of others by remarkably different colors in clothes. In a word for me life in China and life in the US vary mostly in terms of the way to get meals the language in communication and the number of available media sources. These changes are going to definitely influence my future life helping me stay healthy making me communicate with others effectively in the global world and recognizing the importance of diversity. On one hand I will never forget my roots in China. On the other hand I feel very happy to experience these changes in my life.
