We have been learning many languages which are regarded as major communication tools in some region face on extinction. This phenomenon is related to globalization and industrialization. English is considered to be a major language to communicate internationally in various fields such as financial markets international conferences and educational areas. The closer the international exchanges are the more unifying languages are needed. Even though these changes become authentic Korean which has its own alphabet is still used and evolved. It had passed by many dynasties until Korean alphabets were developed by King Sejong and Gyphyunjun a royal research institute in 1446. By that time the Chinese characters had been used in writing. Moreover using Chinese characters were regarded as intelligence. However King Sejong who are thought to be the greatest king having left great cultural legacy assumed that his people couldn't communicate perfectly in writing by using Chinese characters although they had different languages. Therefore 14 consonants and 10 vowels were introduced. This monumental achievement could spread out to general low level people who were assumed to be abandoned from literacy. Nowadays the scientific Korean alphabets which have only 14 consonants and 10 vowels can be used in many ways. Simple formation and constitution can be applied easily on the keyboard. It contributed rapid development of IT industry in Korea. Moreover After developing more simple method to represent all vowels by just 3 figure . The use of cell phone was facilitated and common in 1998. Recently the cell phones which are made in Korea as Samsung or LG. Can be noticed easily. Languages are influenced and influences to the others time to time and generation to generation. Fortunately Korean had good opportunity to survive by the great king's struggle when Korean was endangered by Chinese. Today we have good languages to use in industrial society. The responsibility to preserve and modify Korean is required to all Korean people for the future.
