Babel Beyond the Communication The Bible says people's desire to reach to heaven by building a tower named Babel provoked God's wrath. Thus God says If as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them. Come let us go down and confuse their language so they will not understand each other. Named after the Bible's story the movie 'Babel brings in subjects that the world confronts now. Despite living in a so called global village people are divided into culture language race class and religion which lead people in crisis. Alejandro Gonz Babel seems to ask a premise of human beings' communication or perhaps miscommunication. If so what really causes this problematic and apathetic society Rather than looking for an answer he observed the world and applied his unobtrusive camera working idiosyncratic sequence editing and verisimilar narrative to Babel. First of all Babel's unobtrusive cinematography makes the movie more realistic. Unlike other recent movies it shows modest camera working. Babel's camera does not cross the line of reality and observation. Seemingly it acts like a bystander of the scene which is exactly what the director intended. It thoroughly avoids unnecessary intervention. Besides its inconspicuous camera working is given a great deal of weight to Babel because it does not untangle a story by telling you with script lines. Since Babel deals with four different languages in three continents consequently visual readability is crucial for Babel. Possibly it could be thought somewhat monotonous because there are no distorted perspective scenes and compelling sequences that usually recent movie audiences demand. However what he sees in the world's reality of life is not rapid and thrilling. Second of all his distinctive and splintered sequences editing enhances its realistic quality. Having four different stories in three continents it tangles the time line of the stories in the movie. It starts from Arabic boys of a barren and remote desert village of Morocco an American couple who are travelling Morocco a Mexican nanny of an affluent family in San Diego and eventually it reaches to a deaf mute schoolgirl in Japan. Completely unrelated yet comprehensible his threads of tales do meet in the movie and finally make sense even more in your mind. There are no boundaries on life and time and at a certain point his twisted integration of sequences is similar to our glimpse instead. Finally Babel paints verisimilar plots and issues that you might come across in the real world such as a detailed depiction of a Moroccan family with a goat herd an American couple who have marital problems an illegal immigrant Mexican nanny and a deaf mute schoolgirl whose mother killed herself recently. Any of his characters and stories do not seem to be unreal. Even though he does not tell anything about them and gives least information we feel familiar. In addition all of his four stories in Babel are very plausible and actually could happen around us. He uses small stories to tell controversial issues today. It is no more the others' problem yet ours to solve together. Admittedly he does know how to weave stories to show what the problem really is. On the whole in Babel having been inspired by miscommunication mistrust and incapable of understanding in the world the director paints the movie with exquisite observation of the world in which he sees bleakness and instability. Also as with his perspective of the world he directed the movie with splintered sequences and wove threads into a sole movie along with truly believable stories that make people reconsider the world and society.
