Nature or Nurture Could the man in the iron mask act as a real king after he was eventually rescued from a sixteen year prison In Dumas' famous novel the man in the iron mask the notorious Louis X IV was dethroned by his identical brother Philippe. The ex con Philippe transforms into a king with three week training by master musketeers. It could have been the fancy details in a novel or it could have been an example which tells us the influence from nurture. However the gravity of intelligence nowadays has been over emphasized and people even take it as the very code to achieve success. In fact it is the powers of nurture namely environment learning and experience which drive a person to be a king or to be the man in the iron mask. First of all environmental effects sculpt people to become what they are. For example Chinese people represent a conservative image. The possible causes of that could be exiles frequent wars and lethal diseases which have constantly kept them losing their property during thousands of years of history. Consequently Chinese people have gradually turned into a group people who intend to seize everything they have. Reflecting this characteristic they like investing in and possessing real estates symbolizing to hold their roots. American people on the other hand prefer focusing on the future. Being the descendant of Puritans they have the glorious history of trekking across oceans and conquering continents which eventually lead to the super domination of the U. S. Accordingly they emphasize on exploring the unknown and the future. Space projects are typical illustrations to explain their personality. In addition personality which has been acquired through long term social adaptation has been proclaimed another fragment to complete occupational integrity. Psychologically speaking the Big Five Personality such as Extraversion Conscientiousness Agreeableness Neuroticism and Openness to Experience are believed to be moral factors we are born with. Either positive or negative these five factors can be modified by the process of social adaptation or simply learning. To disentangle the personality modifications via learning scientists have studied cases of identical twins indicated that identical twins who have identical genetic background share distinct personalities from each other which shows that learning can affect natural moralities greatly. The most famous example of acquired personality is the ability to control negative emotions such as anger. A person who has good emotion control ability is considered to be a person who have good emotion quotient E. Q . E. Q. Currently has been said to be the most valuable personality trait by most decision makers. More and more popular test takers in big recruiting companies are required to take an E. Q. Test rather than an intelligence quotient I. Q. Examination. Thus a person who has higher E. Q. Scores has higher chance to acquire a high salary job. Finally experience is also the positive energy to overcome obstacles in our life time. As the co founder and CEO of Apple Inc Steven P. Jobs has the most twisted story of the power of experience. At his early stage in Apple Jobs has devoted all his efforts to play a role as the major competitor against the operating system giant Microsoft. Subsequently Jobs had been forced to leave Apple. Then established another hardware oriented computer company the NEXT Corporation which provided a reasonable price on educational computer systems. Steven Jobs soon realized that the NEXT system is a very advanced system however it can not be popular or successful in the market because of the competition with other computer companies such as Microsoft and IBM. Through his accumulated experience he learned that working on hardware oriented business may not be his way out. Thus Jobs had learned to focus on software and that led to the birth of Pixar the most welcomed and lucrative animation movie studio in the world which had produced comic legendary such as Toy Story and Finding Nemo before its acquisition by Disney. Furthermore with the combination of NEXT and Apple Steven Jobs has returned to the company he co founded. With the previous experience Jobs has stopped carrying on unreasonable competitive methods against Microsoft. That is he has changed Apple from a hardware oriented company to entertainment oriented headquarters which led to the hits of the ipod and saved Apple from its financial crush. To conclude natural factors can be affected by environmental effects long term learning and precious experience. The exaggeration of native intelligence should be carefully avoided. Most people for instance might stop learning if he or she is admired as a smart person. That could limit their potential of being successful. As a result to approach success we should make up our mind and stay humble to acquire abilities we do not have and this is a process called nurture.
