A multipurpose invention Think back to 200 years ago. Can you imagine how a man asked a woman out or how parents contacted their kids when they came home late A man might have waited in front of a woman's home for a while. Parents may have worried about them. However now the world has changed. A cell phone was invented and has been developing since then. We can't deny that it takes an important role in our life. Almost everyone has a cell phone. Basically the main purpose of it is to make a call. However because of advanced technology it is able to do more than that. It can be a camera a video recorder or even a radio. After considering a cell phone in every aspect it can be organized into three main uses communication entertainment and organization. Communication is the main purpose of using a cell phone. Because we are human beings everyone needs contact with others somehow and a cell phone is an efficient tool for this situation. Some people care about their family too much. They think that family must come first in every situation so a cell phone can help them feel close to their family even though they work far away from home. Even if they work in another town city or country they can keep in touch with their family by picking up their cell phone. Moreover it can help developing a relationship. Despite the cost of calling many couples spend most of the time making a call and asking for general information such as activities meals and friends in order to represent how cheerful they are. Therefore we can say that a cell phone is the first tool for almost everyone to start and develop a relationship. Moving on to the business aspect a cell phone makes every business get easier when it wasn't invented. The core of contacting in business is fast and clear which a cell phone is definitely able to do. One of the uses which every new cell phone nowadays should have is entertainment. It comes in many ways depend on how much budget you have. A camera is able to be counted as a standard function of a modern cell phone. Users don't need to carry a big or hand held camera from now on because it's attached within a cell phone itself. Although the quality is lower than the professional camera it's high enough for recording the unexpected or special events such as a surprise birthday party. For anyone who likes listening to music or watching video clips on his her free time a cell phone can serve these purposes. It might help you get rid of lonely or bored feelings on the bus on the way back home or in a cafeteria when you don't have someone to talk to. Another function which impresses users is the Internet. The Internet takes an important part in a modern life style. Nowadays people usually send an e mail instead of mail because it's faster and has a lower cost. I Phone a recent product from Apple is definitely an example of a modern cell phone which represents a modern life style of the new generation. In spite of those purposes a cell phone is able to be used as an organizer. A common organizer that every cell phone has is a calendar in which a user can put a description of an event in order to remind the user at that date and time. That makes your life well organized and punctual. Another function that a user uses is an alarm clock. Because of this function a user can use their cell phone to make him her wake up instead of using a big alarm clock that is noisy and annoys him her all night long. In addition a calculator function is very useful especially in the U. S. Because customers should leave a tip for a server. Calculating 15 20 of the meal cost is not easy especially the cost is not integer. This function makes it easier and helps servers get an acceptable tip. In conclusion the purpose of using a cell phone can be divided into 3 groups communication entertainment and organization. Because of these a cell phone can be counted as a device that people nowadays should have.
