Nature or Nurture in Intelligence Do you know Benjamin Franklin Here are his achievements great management ability for influential newspaper companies lots of inventions about science and technology active involvement to the politics and the diplomacy and well known writings. After reading these works you may imagine he was in an academic family and got an organized education under respectful teachers. However his background was totally opposite and nobody says that his splendid business and academic results are due to his environment or well education. Rather he did not receive any regular schooling and even had to help his father in a factory since a young age. In this story it shows that his intelligence was from nature not environment. Even though there are many discussions about the origin of intelligence the fact that people are born with intelligence is more reasonable than the theory of nurture environmental acquired intelligence when we consider genetic evidence and a case of genius. According to the development of science genetic evidence of intelligence has become the most primary proof. Scientists have been revealing the secret of human genes at the same time they have started to decode the genetic information. Inventing new medicines and gene engineering are the other results of the genetic science and the location of intelligence of the DNA is not the new issue any more. With this newly created map on the human genes we found the genetic relation between parents. Hence the genes containing idiosyncratic intelligence came from their parents are lasting for a whole life and also will continue to their offspring. For example if some defects are in the genes they would not be totally recovered by the environment. Though some good education and well organized surroundings are helpful to improve the intelligence they are trivial in comparison to the effect of genes because it is already determined mostly in the genes. In addition we can overview of the cases of genius. About four years ago a boy was famous of his intelligence in Korea. Even though his age was six he had mastered regular education course in high school and has been researching high class physics theories with some university professors. After knowing his story most of Korean people started wondering Did his parents offer special program to him after his born Did his mother have secret know how about baby care With many people's interest the main medias TV program newspapers inspected his life and his parents' education methods. However there was nothing special. His parents loved him like other parents way and had concern for their child's future. Nowadays the boy still studies the physics in a university and makes people imagine his hopeful future. In this story we can not find any other special event or relationship between him and his environment just his natural intelligence can explain the reasons of his works. Therefore this is also a strong evidence of natural intelligence. Although many scholars insist on the important effects of environmental support and reactions of the relationship in development period that is just a subsidiary way compared the critical effect of gene decision. Therefore after considering the genetic evidence and case of genius we can not help coming to the conclusion that the intelligence is nature rather than nurture.
