An Event that Changed my Life Imagine you are dropped on an island where you don't know anybody have to start a new life again or have to learn new things to survive while your friends in your hometown are enjoying a normal life. South Korea is not an island but I felt like that situation when I had to make a new start there. I used to live in Germany for 10 years. I was not born there but I spent my whole childhood in Germany. My family moved to Germany when I was 2 years old and moved back to my country when I was 13 years old after my father finished his studies. At that time I couldn't believe that I had to leave my friends school and my hometown of Wiesbaden. While I was living in Korea I couldn't see my future. I couldn't start or won't start a new life in a country that I didn't know. It took a long time to overcome to got used to the country for three reasons many differences between Germany and Korea school problems in learning the language and personality differences. First it was not easy to be accustomed to a culture that I had lived in for just 3 years. Almost everything was different between Germany and Korea. I realized it when I had my first day in school. The first day in school was surprising because I was accustomed to the German schools. I considered that we had to wear uniforms. Before I went to a school I had to buy a uniform and I tried it at home. I predicted that a different school life will begin. In a German school we never were wearing uniforms. I could wear whatever I wanted. However here in Korea I had to wear that stuffy thing. Moreover I had to put on similar shoes and cut my hair short. All students looked the same because it was the rule for everyone. We looked like a small army of boys and girls. I thanked God that the school was not only with boys. That was the same but that is where the similarities ended because we were divided in other classes. Moreover we had teachers who sometimes hit us with books or sticks when we not followed the teacher. I was very shocked about that because in Germany I had never seen it before. Hitting at school is prohibited. Furthermore the teacher was like a king or a dictator for us. We had to listen to a boring class where the teacher taught us and student's only listened it was a class without interaction. In contrast Germany schools had between teachers and students many interactions together that made the class more interesting. Second to learn a language was not easy for me. I was not able to speak the Korean language because I used it only at home. I knew just a few words. My brain was always thinking and dreaming in a German language. Because of this I had problems in conversation with my classmates. Some students laughed about my pronunciation. Some students were very kind to me teaching bad words in Korean which I realized later. In addition it was difficult to follow the class. I was losing more and more interest in studying at school. Furthermore it was really difficult to make friends. I felt like I was behind the others. I wanted to go back to Germany where my friends were living without this problems. Third I had some differences with my personality. When I lived in Germany I lived as a German. I did what Germans men did. However in Korea I was confused about me. There is no doubt that I am a Korean but it was not easy for me to think that I was not a German. I thought in German I had German habits and I wanted to be left as a German. I couldn't think as a normal Korean usually did. In addition in the past when I was in middle school we didn't have many students from abroad. For instance I was the only one who came from another country. However nowadays we have many experiences with students coming from and going abroad. It was difficult to mix myself to the others. I felt alone and many times behind the others. In conclusion this event changed my life. Although I had many problems in getting used to Korea learning a new language and personality differences I overcame my problems finally. It was really hard to get accustomed to another culture because I couldn't find any similarities between them. Almost all things were so different and I felt really lost on an island.
