The Everlasting Festival If the Samurai warriors in medieval times were to come to today's world by time machine what would most surprise them It is probably the fact that festive ornaments are still used in the 21st century which originated in their festival 1000 years ago. Japanese people have kept traditional events for a long time. One of the Japanese time honored events is the Girl's Festival to pray for the happiness of girls on March 3. Some people might think that the old custom would not be so important in the materialistic and rational society. Is it true Although the event haschanged its form gradually through centuries it still plays an important role in our life because of the unique history the delightful way of celebrating and its meaning. The unique history of the Girl's Festival is our precious heritage which shows Japanese tradition. It dates back to the Heian Period 1000 years ago. There was a ceremony among the nobility to pray for the perfect state of health in March. They were blessed by a fortuneteller and floated paper dolls down rivers to drive away bad luck. This thought of shifting bad luck to dolls still remains in regional customs here and there. The ceremony has developed into its present form coupled with the fashions in elegant dolls and crafts over several centuries. Today's gorgeous types of dolls were formed about 400 years ago in the Edo Period. At that time the festival became popular not only among the upper class but also among the lower class families all over Japan. In this way the festival represents our traditional way of thinking and delicate arts. The delightful way of celebrating unites family members through the festival. For example parents prepare traditional foods such as diamond shaped rice cakes sushi and clam soup which are thought of as symbols of health and prosperity. All family members enjoy eating these foods together. The family members display well dressed dolls representing the Imperial family of the Heian Period on the red carpet tiers inside the house. The miniature dolls and accessories like swords are elaborately made and children carefully put them in the right places on the tier according to their parents' advice. Parents explain to their children about the history and each doll's role. Decorating these is the greatest pleasure for parents and children. It offers opportunities to communicate within the family. The meaning of the Girl's Festival stands for the eternal wish of parents throughout the ages. The festival is to pray for the healthy growth of the family's girls and to hope that they will be blessed with children in the future. To celebrate it properly parents take the set of dolls out of a closet a several days before the day of the Girl's Festival every year. When it is over the dolls are immediately packed into special boxes because we have a superstition that girls have difficulty in marrying in the future if they delay putting the dolls away. Parents' attitudes toward the festival make children recognize that they are loved deeply. Through the festival the parents' wish has been certainly passed down from generation to generation. In conclusion the Girl's Festival is of great value in our life because of the unique history the way of celebrating and its meaning. In fact I am proud of the history and closely hold the wonderful family memories in my heart. Once aware of the significance you would enjoy the festival much more. I hope that this festival remains forever and ever.
