Happy Chinese New Year! Imagine a situation where there is a huge evil and vicious monster that always comes to your hometown to disturb and eat livestock or even people once every 365 days. What would you do to survive in this situation Thousands of years ago according to the traditional Chinese legend the Chinese people had to face the monster Nian. The monster was called Nian meaning year because the monster came once a year. During the periods that the Nian monster appeared the ancient Chinese people discovered there were three main things that it was very afraid of. They used the color red loud sounds and bright lights and stayed in the house together and made noise as weapons to scare Nian away every year. This is the reason why Chinese New Year celebrations ever since then include using red decorations and envelopes lighting firecrackers bright torches and red lanterns and keeping all family members inside the house together. Each year before Nian came on Chinese New Year's Eve the first thing that ancient Chinese people needed to do was to prepare red decorations and paste them on walls windows and doors of the house to scare Nian away. Also they would prepare the red envelopes with a little money called lucky money to give to elders and children not only to protect them from Nian but also to keep them healthy and safe for the entire next new year. Even today the red decorations people install have become the spring couplets . These are paper scrolls and squares inscribed with blesses and auspicious words such as good fortune wealth happiness and springtime. Also the paper squares are usually pasted upside down because the Chinese word for upside down is a homonym of the word arrival . Thus the spring couplets represent the arrival of spring and that a whole new year is coming. In addition the red envelopes with money have become the most important part of Chinese New Year for children. The second thing that would be done before Nian came was to light firecrackers all day and night to drive Nian away. The ancient Chinese people would also light bright torches and red lanterns and then hang them around the house. Today people still light red lanterns and firecrackers especially a huge barrage of firecrackers to symbolize the family's everlasting fortune. However lighting bright torches is no longer necessary. Instead people keep lights on for the entire night and also try to stay up all night to welcome the New Year. It was long believed that by doing so on New Year's Eve the elder generation will live a longer life. The most important thing before Nian came was to keep all family members in the house together. The ancient Chinese family members would stay in the house and talked loudly to each other. It was not only to scare Nian away but also the members would have more courage when they stayed together. Now people living far away from their families will always begin to prepare for their journey home several days before Chinese New Year's Eve. Then everybody reunites and enjoys a magnificent dinner together. The dinner tends to be especially lavish and every dish regarded as symbols of good luck are served. During the most important meal of the year family members talk about the past year's events that happened to each of them and the new hope for the next new year. During Chinese New Year's Eve spending time with family members is the most important thing after people worked hard during the past year. Today people keep these traditional habits and events to continue the most significant festival for Chinese people around the world. The red decorations and envelopes firecrackers bright torches and red lanterns and keeping all family members in the house together are all symbols that tradition and family play very important roles in Chinese people's notions and lives. No matter what changes may occur during this time the notion of staying together with family will always connect the hearts of family members and Chinese New Year celebrations.
