Hi R here is my report and the code to access the super Pluto is GeHgdDsd1412233. As I rushed down the stairs to eat a quick breakfast I tripped over my cat Galaxy and felt down. I should not have drunk so much at the last moment of my vacation. That fall was really hurt and I had almost my leg broken. That accident caused my barely standing straight. With my aching leg I grabbed the key on the dinning table and rushed to my car immediately. Soon I realized that I can not open any door of my car. What a surprise! That was my colleague's car key. It seemed that I had to drive that car to my office as fast as I can. On my way to work I decided to take a short cut through an old part of town. I should not have driven my colleague's car crossing this region. This car is a low tech product and it's a lemon. When I just entered this old area this car started squeaking out strange noises. Five minutes later just right on the middle of the area it had refused working for me anymore. Worse yet this region is famous for its outstanding criminal rate. Immediately I felt unfriendly noticing around. I had no choice I put on my special sunglasses and erased the street robbers' memories. All right it seemed that jogging was the fastest solution to my office. When I arrived at work I found a note on my desk form my boss. She wanted to see me right away. I took a deep breath and walked into her office. As I stepped inside I noticed a scowl on her face. What time is it now she said. Do you known how many people did you erase their memories this morning she yelled. I' m sorry Q. I replied mildly. I had no choice I said. That is not an excuse! You had just erased more than 200 people's memories she yelled angrily. I thought I should remain my silence to avoid annoying her anymore. That strategy worked. She clamed down eventually but she assigned me a harsh punishment which was to fix the broken Alien shuttles for one month. Fifteen minutes later on my way to my fixing job Hold on a minute E Q had reminded me that there is vital information hidden in that chain letter and I had to report that code to R my mechanical advisor before tomorrow.
