The pressures of being a student 1 getting high grades a in school teacher b at home the parents c competion friends 2 futures a job b education 3 being an Eli student a different culture b can not understand deeply c use correct new vocabulary If you are a student you may have a lot of pressure. Getting high grades thinking about the future and going abroad to study new languages make me feel difficult to breathe. First of all a good student normally refers to one who is good at getting high grades. For example in the school what the teachers care mostly about is how well the students perform in his or her class. The standard is whether a student could get high grades. At home for another example before leaving for school the parents would again and again tell their children to study hard and try to get perfect scores. When you are talking with friends they would also compare their grades to yours. Secondly in order to get a satisfactory job in your future you should get a higher education. You might feel heavy pressure. One example is illustrative. Choosing a major is very important for you. If you are thinking about a hot major which would give you an easy job and good salary many others will have the same idea as you. Therefore there will be a lot of competition. Even if you finish your graduate school there is no guarantee that you can find your desired job. Finally there are a lot of pressure for students like me who go abroad to study foreign languages. I have been an ELI student for several months and I still remember that when I first saw an American movie the pronunciation of American people and the countenance when they were speaking surprised me. Because of the different cultural background it is difficult for a foreign student to understand deeply what the American people are thinking. It is also hard for us to correctly use the new vocabulary and some words we know. In conclusion the pressure of being a student such as getting the top grades thinking about the future and studying foreign languages will continue to push us studying hard. You need to face those challenges.
