Make your own luck 1 I should never have thrown the chain letter away. The letter warned me that if I did. I would have one day of bad luck. I did not believe it so I threw the silly thing in the garbage. I thought the friend who sent me the letter wad just a superstitious fool. Letters do not b ring you luck. You make your own! That night however as I feel asleep I had the uncomfortable feeling that something was not quite right. 2 I tripped over my cat and missed paper in my hand on the floor of the living room I sanded up quickly picked up the paper but I didn't check my cat. I just wore a coat looked for my shoes. I was wearing my shoes when I saw the time in my watch during ten minutes I had to go my office. I dashed my door and I would choose a special way to work. 3 On my way to work I decided to take a shortcut through an old part of town. The town may had have been history about a century. Most building had been losing their original colors. When my car ran the way I until heard a large noise that my car made in the street. I couldn't believe the street was bumpy too much. . However I didn't have time to change an access and just continue to go to work. I would like to reach my office on time because I was going to send my paper to my boss in the morning. 4 When I arrived at work I found a note on my desk from my boss. She wanted to see my right away. I took a deep breath and walked into her office. As I stepped inside. I noticed a scowl on her face. I sent my paper which is a creating plan for opening a new market in my company to her. She was scanning it from the beginning to the ending while I was looking out her nonverbal on her face again. But I didn't her happy I though today was bed in my mind. After about 3 minutes she said I am sorry I didn't fine anything interested in the plan. Do you think it is the best plan for our opening a new market I didn't any words. She went on to say I think you should have written a new one. But do not forget that it is being announced in the company meeting tomorrow morning. My God. I left her office. I come back to my office clocked my door set on chair and burst into tears. Even though my feeling was worse. I wrote the plan to still closed the door in my company. I would find that china letter in the home to change the worst day. I5 Finally after a long day difficult day. I returned home to find that my air conditioner was broken. I could not take it anymore! It had been the worst day of my life and I did not want anything else to happen. I rushed to the garbage can and dug around for the chain letter I had thrown away the day before. It was covered with coffee grounds and potato peels but I could still read the words send ten copies of this letter to your friends and you will have good luck for a year. I sat down at the kitchen table and began to make copies for ten of my friends. They could take their chances but I was not going to have any more bad luck!
