Making Your Own Luck 2 When I woke up the next morning I was surprised to find that I had overslept and would be late for work. As I rushed down the stairs to eat a quick breakfast I tripped over my cat and tried to ignore his crying sounds as if he needed my help. However I suddenly discovered that he got his whole body wet because he broke the vase on my computer desk and the water spilled over my laptop too! All I could do was to forget about my breakfast and to dry my cat off with a hair dryer and my poor expensive laptop with a towel. At the same time I figured out that I was going to be late to work. 3 On my way to work I decided to take a shortcut through an old part of town. I have passed the path once before but I was not sure I could find the correct direction. However I had to save time so I turned left and entered the path which was covered with dense trees. After 10 minutes I finally admitted that I lost my way. I have never felt so much frustration before and I really wanted to go to hell if I could. I called my older brother and asked him the direction but he couldn't understand my location that I described to him. Oh! Somebody help me please! I couldn't do anything but call the police and I finally found the way to work. 4 When I arrived at work I found a note on my desk from my boss. She wanted to see me right away. I took a deep breath and walked into her office. As I stepped inside I noticed a scowl on her face. I searched my mind very quickly and tried to recall if I forgot to do anything that she assigned to me and fortunately the answer was no I thought. Then she looked at me and spoke chillingly Do you know what time it is What do you think you're doing I felt a cold breeze through my back and I had no idea what I could say. Before I answered she spoke again Are you crazy What is this you sent to our most primary significant customer yesterday She threw a piece of paper at my face. When I saw the title I thought that was a copy from the e mail I sent to Mr. Richest yesterday. However after I read the details I thought today will be the last day at my job. It was not the proposal that I wanted to e mail to Mr. Richest instead the sorry e mail that I sent to my boyfriend! My dear dearest Paul honey I'm so sorry for yelling at you last night just because you forgot to wash my underwear. . . I couldn't read it anymore! The only one thing I could say was I promised that I would fix it right now and fled out her office.
