Nurture or Nature Have you ever heard a Chinese legend about Mencius Mencius who was a very famous philosopher in Asia wrote a lot of books and he impacted on the Asia culture. When he was young his mother wanted him to grow up well so she moved many times because of his education. First she moved to a nearby department store and then he had imitated a clerk's acting. Second she moved to a nearby a religion area. By then the he had imitated about shaman's acting. She was thought that there were not suitable places. Finally she moved to a nearby school by then he had studied too much and he was going to be a famous philosopher. This story gives us a lesson that intelligence is mostly the result of the interaction between people and their environment regardless of nature. I support that nurture is more important than nature. There are three reasons why nurture is more important than nature Man is a social animal people can get intelligence from effort and sometimes genius is ruined. First of all an Aristotle a Greek philosopher said Man is a social animal. People should depend on social environment. People can not live alone. Otherwise people have influenced by societal environment. People were taught think and speak in their environment. Even though a genius was born sometimes environment makes a person who is a genius change stupid person because of bad an environment. Second people can get intelligence by effort. Edison who was a famous inventor said Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration. Sometimes people do not know the maximum. People lose a lot of opportunity in their life. People think I can not do this. I am not a genius. Maybe a genius is going to do this one. They give up their job even though they really want to do it. We can get everything we want. We can fight what really we want to do. If our life is already destined by God we can struggle against fate and then achieve our new destiny. I have a motto in my life that Effort can not abuse in my life. Even though I do my best if I did not get my job that I want to do then I did not do my best. Lastly sometimes genius can be ruined. I know a friend who was my schoolmate in high school. He was a great baseball player. Most people thought he was going to be great baseball player and envy his talent of baseball. Actually Hyun ANON_NAME_0 the Korean baseball team nominated him in a draft. However his environment was not good because he had a lot of friends who liked to drink alcohol. Since he was nominated by the baseball team he had not practiced baseball and had started to drink many days. In the end he lost his job. Today he is working in a restaurant. He could have played baseball. Even if he practices his job he would be great baseball player. In conclusion this essay has presented three reason of why nurture is more important than nature Man is a social animal people can get intelligence by effort and a genius is ruined. Therefore as in 'Nike' advertisement 'just do it' regardless of nature.
