Topic The Role of the Media in Our Lives Main Points 1. Shaping public opinion poll a. About certain issues b. A presidential election 2. Reporting news a. Accidents and crimes b. Living information 3. Giving entertainments a. Amusement shows b. Dramas Can you imagine the world without the media such as television newspapers radio and the Internet Everyday we come to know any news with unconsciousness through the media as we don't realize air even though we need it. That is why the role of the media in our lives is very important. Although people have become wiser than what they were yesterday we are still affected by mass media. Now I would like to think about the roles of the television shaping public opinion reporting news and giving entertainments. The first role of the television is to shape public voice. A poll taken by broadcasting station helps us to realize others thinking of certain issues. For example according to these questions How do you think about the punishment by death and Do you agree or disagree to having gun we could know the public voice that live in the same time with us. In addition there is another role of television at a presidential election survey. We would like to know about an approval rating of candidates before the election. Television's survey could give public information about candidates or approval rating which make it very important to choose the president for people. Furthermore another powerful function of the television is to report news which is easy for us to pass by without television news. I watch the morning news everyday. It gives me the crimes or accidents news that happened last night with weather information. Occasionally I watch the car accidents on the television news I become careful of driving. And I can also prepare for an umbrella when I watch the rain forecast. Moreover I get a lot of living information such as how to make Italian foods and choose fresh grocery. Sometimes a professional person shows the know how about home decoration or recommends travel places. I think that it's direct and effective way to get many kinds of news and information from the television. On the other hand television has another valuable role as well that is to give entertainments. People want to take a rest from watching amusement shows after they come back home from their work place at night. Some people say that entertainment shows in television make people fool but I don't think so. In my case when I'm very tired so I don't want to move my fingers I turn on the television and watch the funny shows with delicious foods. It's really comfortable time and helps me to forget about my worries or stress. Even though I don't understand English perfectly it's not a problem during that time. It's just for enjoyment. Besides various genre dramas in television such as Prison Break Sex and the City and Grey's Anatomy also give fun and enjoyment to people. In fact these amusement shows and dramas in television intend to protect people from a sad or a lone feeling. In conclusion although we are not conscious of it we live in and with the media. Among the various media television shapes general voice reports lots of information and gives enjoyments to us. These roles of television make television valuable and help people to live fruitfully and enjoyably. Moreover I guess that its role in our lives will be increasing more than now.
