Making Your Own Luck I should never have thrown the chain letter away. The letter warned me that if I did I would have one day of bad luck. I did not believe it. So I threw the silly thing in the garbage. I thought the friend who sent me the letter was just a superstitious fool. Letter do not bring you luck. You make your own! That night however as I feel asleep I have the uncomfortable feeling that something was not quite right. 2 When I woke up the next morning I was surprised to find that I had overslept and would be late for work. As I rushed down the stairs to eat a quick breakfast I tripped over my cat and tumbled down to the ground. I felt my left leg was very painful. When I took a look at my leg it was bleeding. But when I returned to my door for bandages I searched every pocket and my back pack for the door key and I didn't find it. So I turned to my neighbors to get help but no one answered me when I knocked their doors. I had no choice but ran to a CVS pharmacy store. What surprised me was the notice on the front door of this store which told me that this tore had been moved out of this area. I could not continue to find another store because it was just ten minutes left for me to catch the time for a working meeting in my office. I must go to work now. 3 On my way to work I decided to take a shortcut through an old part of town. I took a familiar route that I always did. Later a police car flashed with read and blue lights on top of that car after my car. The policemen required me to get out of my car and started to search my car. They got nothing and told me they were sorry about the inconvenience for me. They mistakenly took me as a drug dealer because my car was completely the same as one that registered to a suspect. This damned search of my car kept me on the road for five more minutes. Finally I arrived at my office on time and I did not know if my bad luck would continue today. 4 When I arrived at work I found a note on my desk from my boss. She wanted to see me right away. I took a deep breath and walked into her office. As I stepped inside I noticed a scowl on her face. First the marketing scheme I proposed last month was denied by the executive management team. Another thing was that we were unexpectedly defeated by a very small competitor when we bid for a project that I was supposed to lead. Especially when I had lunch with my coworkers at a nearby restaurant the waitress poured down a cup of hot coffee onto my back. In the entire afternoon I did not move a step at all in case I encountered another thing with bad luck. I was just waiting for the end of this day. Finally after a long and difficult day I returned home to find that my air conditioner was broken. I could not take it anymore! It had been the worst day of my life and I did not want anything else to happen. I rushed to the garbage can and dug around for the chain letter I had thrown away the day before. It was covered with coffee grounds and potato peels but I could still read the words Send ten copies of this letter to your friends and you will have good luck for a year. I sat down at the kitchen table and began to make copies for ten of my friends. They could take their chances but I was not going to have any more bad luck!
