When I woke up the next morning I was surprised to find that I had overslept and would be late for work. As I rushed down the stairs to eat a quick breakfast I tripped over my cat and ran full tilt into a cupboard. Dishes fell off the cupboard and broke into pieces on the floor. Oh hell! I had only one choice to leave them untouched and eat breakfast right now. With my mouth full I took my newly washed shirt and trousers out of the closet. The shirt wrinkled terribly. I should have ironed it in advance! Although it was unpleasant to wear the crushed shirt I had to dash out immediately and think about the best way to save time. On my way to work I decided to take a shortcut through an old part of town. I was sure that this less crowded route would help me to reach my office at a shorter time. When I was passing by run down buildings a businessman was gazing around the street with a confused look on his face. He suddenly asked me how to get to a city hall. I answered in a hurry that he needed to take a bus to go there. He tried to check scribbles written on his business card. His name on it made me embarrassed. Oh I remembered Mr. Smith! I had met him before in the business meeting and he was the important customer of my company. When would he start to recognize me I couldn't help taking him to a nearest bus stop politely. At the bus stop I waved him Good bye with a smile in contrast with my impatience and I started running full speed toward my office. I took an elevator with nobody to my office. I got nervous that my boss would be annoyed with my forty minute tardiness. When I arrived at work I found a note on my boss. She wanted to see me right away. I took a deep breath and walked into her office. As I stepped inside I noticed a scowl on her face. As I started to apologize she cut me off in exasperation and asked me why I had not submitted a report to her. What had happened I was confused that she had talked about the unfamiliar report instead of my tardiness. What was she talking about In order to make sure of the situation I had to check my in box on the computer. Oh no! The past email from her made me turned white which had ordered me to make a sales report by the previous night. What a big blunder I made! I stood rigidly and heard coworkers talking in whisper. After her long sermon I started work belatedly. It was at the midnight that I left my office because of piles of my tasks.
