Name Writing 5 Instructor Rob Friday 9 21 2007 Moving To a Foreign Country Human beings who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so as one the famous writers in London British Douglas Adams says. Moving to a foreign country doesn't have difficulties as you think. It has many benefits that can change your life into the better such as understanding other cultures learning a second language and personal maturity. Misunderstanding others culture may get in a predicament. You can avoid that by talking to natives. Once I was in difficult situation in China. On my birthday I was invited to my friends' home. That was my first time to have party there. Guests were presented with gifts I thanked them and started to open them. She asked me Are you going to open them now In Chinese culture you are not expected to open your gift immediately after receiving it. Second anecdote is in Saudi Arabia. I invited my friend from America and named William to my house. He saw a big watch on my friend's hand. When he said he liked it my friend insisted on giving it to him. Many middle easterners feel obligated to give something to someone who admires it. My friend kept insisting but William didn't want to accept it. Many people believe that is learning a second language does not have any benefits. A professor Bob has discovered that it has many practicable benefits. Learning a second language I estimate it is the most important benefit. We know that many companies these days want employees who speak a second language. Also they have a better opportunity to be the represent that company in other country. Therefore you can communicate with people who and do business faster. Discus their and learn their culture. Try to study their language. In the future you will be able to speak more than two languages. Moving to a foreign country can help you to learn more about yourself. You will see you self on others eyes. For instance instead of being unreliable you could be reliable and trust yourself. Feeling lonely in a foreign country will help you to cross your feelings. You may become hospitable friendly modest and other voluble adjectives. Thinking about your future is the most important changing in your personal maturity. You might want to get married and settle you life. Then you will have more onuses. Therefore you will be responsible and careful. The maturity is the glory of the years. In conclusion try to improve your life by moving to another country and learn practical tips. The age is very high price to pay it. Do not waste it. The world comes smaller and life goes faster. Finally People don't born educated as an old wisdom says. That is my advice for those people who care about their future.
