The effects of pollution I. Natural effects Land Water Air II. Social and political effects Improvements Political decisions III. Economical effects Nowdays the world has a big problem that affects all humans without distinction Pollution. In the human history people have maltreated the planet. Many years ago damages could be fixed by own nature but now population is bigger and the effect of pollution has become more dangerous. There are three crucial points to talk about pollution natural effects economical effects and social and political effects. It is obvious that pollution has an important effect on nature. The cities and factories are huge and they produce tons and tons of residues and garbage. Those residues are difficult to eliminate and make the land and water to be contaminated. They reduce the value and the right uses of ground and cultivations and it is also a real problem in drinking water. In addition factories machines and cars all over the world generate too much CO2. This causes air pollution and global warming. It is a truth that occidental countries see pollution like a threat. Because of that the society is being persuaded and habits are changing. But it is not enough. Big improvements and political decisions must be done to solve the problem. It means new sources of energy instead of petroleum and global and organized ways of act. It is a fact that cities and population are bigger each day. In this sense it seems absolutely necessary to recycle all kinds of residues in big amounts and to involve citizens and companies of every country. But if we think in the improvements mentioned before another effect appears Economy. All this means money. On one hand the world is guided by the rules of economical interests of a few powerful men. On the other hand improvements and develop involve huge inversions with results only in a long term. So the question is not as simple as it could seems. In conclusion pollution is a real problem nowdays and its effects involve many areas. The planet need improvements but it will not be easy because of economical interest. In any case humanity must do something to avoid worse consequences if we think about the future.
