Name Oct. 1 2007 Topic The Benefits of Learning English Version 2 Learning language is the most knowledgeable thing to do. Different cultures produce various languages to reflect its perspectives. English is a universal and crucial language that everyone is supposed to learn especially for Business. Three advantages of learning English are international business convenience of traveling and information exchange. First it is essential for global business to use this universal language to communicate with other countries. Also English is a basic required language for international commences. The English language has become the language of international communication. This activity emphasize on assisting each other. In addition much famous business attributes or establishes factories in other countries that can lower labor fees and costs. For example many main famous companies such as Burberry Mercedes and famous luxury brands move their factories into China to acquire cheaper raw materials or competent but still maintains the high qualities of products. Hence they need to use English in order to impart with diverse native languages and then all the works together can manufacture enormous profits. Second many travelers and tourism around the world are carried out in English. For instance if you are planning a holiday in a foreign county you will probably be specking English not only at the airport but the country itself. Even though you do not know their linguistic the common language is the best choice to help you out. Generally many people who live in the European Union speck English as foreign language and use it to socialize with other people from all over the world. Additionally many European languages like Latin Greek Spanish or French are similar with the same roots of words or phrases expressions. Learning English also helps us to learn other Western languages easily. Lastly you will be able to discover the information in this world. When people exchange data's such as email news or most of Internet you have to use English to browse and interpret them. Nowadays English is becoming the core of Internet language. Without English it is very hard for people to understand or read foreign news or paparazzi in current phenomenon. For instance a lot of well known novels are English are published in English such as Holly Potter. If you are not able to read the implication of meanings in this scenarios fame fictions you probably could not enjoy it. Overall more and more people are learning English and mostly like people think English is skillful and perquisites for facing next high developing age. Therefore making great money traveling around the world and exchanging information are three reasons for us why we need to learn English. Furthermore it is not harmful for knowing another language as second foreign language and most people are learning it increasingly.
