Teachers and families are always looking to forward or trying to find the pressures of being a student. They always try to improve their life and how they can take care of the students before the student get pressures and problems. The most common pressures and problems student often have for their life are starting studying in middle school high school and college because the ages of the students are difficult for them and they start knowing about the life. So they have many pressures in these years. In the middle school the big pressure is the student being a teenager. They will have a different life because he she starts knowing about different life. First of all the student feels free and always thinks he she does is right. For example he she likes to stay out late and when his her parents ask him her about that . He she say I am free . If someone gives him her some advises about what he she does in his her life he she usually hates that. Second of all the student tires to make new friends and relationships. For instance when the student tries to make new friends or having a relationship with someone so he she tries to have relationship with anyone and also he she does not take care about who the person is. Finally the student does not take care of his her school classes. For example the student does not like to go school. I think the students who study in middle school have many problems in their life so the family and school should take care of them. In high school students start to understand and take care of their life. The students try to have a great life but the students do not know how to do that so when you look to them the students are always confused. There are several pressures for these students getting high graders managing time and setting priorities. First of all it is very important to graduate from the high school with high grades because this will help the student get a high quality university. The students can not stop to think about that and what he she should do. Therefore it makes the students worry all the time and can not focus of his her school classes. Second of all time management is the best way to succeed. The students need to choose where and when they study best. So some students think the excellent place for study only is their room and these kinds of students spent a lot of time in his her room to study. However they can not focus and keep them comfortable because they do not have time for relaxing. Also the students can not disuses what is the best time to study. For example some students like to study at night but that is very boring for them because that time for sleeping. So I think the best time to study is early in the morning because my brain will be very active. Most likely the worst way to study is in a group. These kinds of students spend most of the time talking and joking with each other. It is a waste of time. In addition the students should separate their day time time for exercise such as playing some sports time for doing homework time for close study such as studying old subjects and preparing for new lessons time for fun such as watching TV or listening to the radio. In college the students have a different life and school so the students should adapt to this life. When the student is in college the student will have a different system for his her school. For instance the students studied with different people in the world and with different ages. Also when the student studies outside of his her city and moves away form his her family the student wick miss his her family and also the student do all the he she needs by himself herself such as clean wash and cook. In addition some students have part time jobs because they need to get some money so they are always busy. I think students should know about the system of college before they study there because if they know about it they can adapt their life and study. In my opinion teacher and families should have relationships with students and be friendly with them because if they can know about what pressures of being student. This way they can find solutions all those pressures and problems. Therefore the students can improve and get a beautiful life and study. In fact it is very easy things to do toward a relationship with student and it will not cost anything. However there are some other points to remember if the students do they will not have big pressures with their school. Get to know student a you ahead of you to ask about the professors teacher friends families and courses. The students need to know about how he she can study hard where and when. They should manage their time and study will for the quizzes and test. Also they should enjoy when they study. Finally if the student take classes school life are lovely and easy they will do better in that and enjoy. So in the future I think students will not have big pressures and problems.
