Nightmare in laboratory room I had a horrible memory in a laboratory room. My major was chemistry so I liked laboratory work. When I was a freshman most laboratory work was easy for me. I wanted to work hard such as Albert Einstein. When I was junior I decided an organic chemistry of my major. When I went to go first time in an organic chemistry laboratory room I thought that Wow finally my dream came true it is really laboratory work it is awesome. However nightmare was coming to me in laboratory room. First laboratory work was a blending material. I had confident because I had waited to do laboratory work so I studied for a long time. It was easy for me. My partner was proud of me. I did not listen the lecture because I already knew how I could handle it. While I was working the project I assistant teacher gave my group warning because he wanted us to work together. I pretended to listen my assistant's advice and I kept going my job. I controlled good but frustrating was coming to me. During laboratory work I had a process to pour basic dyestuffs. There were basic dyestuffs and acid dyestuffs. I should have picked basic dyestuffs but I picked acid dyestuffs. Suddenly the blending material was burning. I was panic and I had no idea what I should do. I decided to pour water but I could not my body. Everyone was frustrating. My partner called my assistant teacher. He brought sand and poring water. The fire was gone. I could not see my assistant teacher because I noticed a scowl on his face. He gave my group penalty and indicated cleaning the laboratory room. However it was not finish my nightmare. I cleaned hard because I wanted to recover trust. As cleaning in the laboratory room my cellular phone rang. As soon as I picked up the phone I head smashing sounds. A lot of laboratory work equipment fell dawn. I did not want to be there. I just wanted to run out from laboratory room. My assistant teacher said me I am going to give you 'F ' and as soon as finish to cleaning just follow me. After cleaning I went to assistant room. He was smiling. I wondered that he might be angry but not. He said why don't you apply to my laboratory room. I never have seen a student who prepared laboratory work. I doubted my ears. I received this suggestion. Even though a couple of hours were nightmare I catch a big chance. Since then I have worked laboratory room.
