The Impact of an Earthquake Make a list 1Introduction When an earthquake is coming there are three main impacts of destroying the buildings making the economic damage and depriving of many lives. 2Body Many buildings are destroyed. The earthquake could have an impact on economic development An earthquake makes the most effect on people's life. 3Conclusion Although the earthquake has effects on the buildings the development of economy and people's lives People could deal with the earthquake. When people know that an earthquake is coming they feel terrible and then imagine that the earth has gaps all the creatures face a death and the world will come to an end. Indeed the earthquake has many effects on people's life but there are three main impacts of destroying buildings causing the economic damage and depriving many of their lives. As we know when an earthquake occurs in some place many buildings are destroyed. The houses and apartments fall so that many people have to stay outside. If it is winter people must suffer cold weather. There are many commercial and industrial buildings which collapse so people couldn't work. For example It is an estimate that there are several thousand houses to fall in China in 2005. The government would build houses enough for people after the earthquake. The earthquake could impact on economic development because an earthquake destruction is serious. If people would rebuild the building they must pay much money. After an earthquake is over there is no electricity or water. So the shops are closed and the manufactures could not produce. For instance the cables under the sea break because of the earthquake the internet does not work so that many trades could not be finished. The earthquake could prevent economic progress. In fact an earthquake has the most effect on people's lives. When an earthquake takes place many people could not escape to the safe place so the buildings fall to suffer heavy casualties. If some people are seriously hurt and they are not timely cured they would die. Although the earthquake has been over for several years some people still have evil dreams in the midnight. So the earthquake makes some people feel horrible. In conclusion although the earthquake has effects on the building the development of economy and people's lives people believe that man could be able to predict when an earthquake will happen with scientific progress. At last people could deal with the earthquake.
