I should have held my grudge against these advantage takers at that pleasant summer night. While sitting peacefully on the chair of the roof I surrounded by people so called 'brothers'. Strangely those who deserved my hatred for the countless advantage taking of me during my military serving were drinking and chatting with me harmony. That night the sky was as clear and starring as my thoughts. After looking into their eyes one by one the events and people I encountered appeared in my mind. AS my stepping into the training center I was totally shocked by the harsh atmosphere. Squad leaders yelled to cast their commands to move the trainees to do everything they asked. I held my anxiety and carefully followed the troops in ranks. Without surprise there was no single hair on my head right after my putting on the uniform. Soon I started feeling the disgusting advantages taking among soldiers. That was my first lunch in the camp. My lunch that day was supposed to be a bowl of beef noodles. Unfortunately all I had was a cup of spice soup with a speckle of beef and pieces of noodles. Need no argument I also had to take lots of physical and warfare training. Being an obese person despair was not exaggeration during my first stage of my military service. All I could do was try my best to hang over. Eventually the date of my transferring to new base had come. The next stage of my military service was being a guard of ammunition depot. On the first training day I was assigned to regulate the storage of ammunition which means that I constantly had heavy duties to move ammunition everyday. Later job function had become the core that led to advantages taking among soldiers. Since no one wanted to do the laborious duties seniors intended to leave their works to raw soldiers because of our lower rank. Worse there was also advantage taking among raw soldiers who were supposed to help each other to over come obstacles. I must be too naive to believe the code of brotherhood that soldiers should help each other until my acquiring a higher rank one year later. Since being a leader of five man squad my life in the barrack had become just a little bit easier. However the raw soldiers gradually realized that they had to truckle some backstage supporters such as captains and lieutenants in order to reduce their daily routine. From then on the situation of advantage taking was getting worse because they were now sensor soldiers. Further the same echelon coworkers of mine even took advantages of me when we were assigned the same works. I really hated the behaviors of these irresponsible people but I could do nothing. Meanwhile I started using my casual time to study because I did not have a Bachelor degree. Hence I had to barrow free desk from captains or lieutenants though they did not appreciate my frequently borrowing every night. Finally one abominable captain seized a chance to expel me from the office while I was providing an excellent suggestion for him to solve his problems. However I realized that I not only helped him to solve his problems but also hurt his pride after that event. That was the reason that he yelled At least I have a Bachelor degree! I need no suggestion from you. Indeed that was a heart breaking moment. From then on I suddenly understood that every event happened during my military service was meaningful. Similar to an epitome of whole society soldiers are composted by different kind of people. If I can not be successful in the barrack I probably may not success in the other side of fence. I was tyrannized badly because of my low rank in military. Likewise if I can not acquire a high social status I might have to suffer the same situation. In order to acquire a high social status I had made up my mind to study hard to enter a university. Almost a decade had gone by I can still recall the faces the talks and the oath in that starring night.
