An Unexpected Gift After her daughter was born her life turned into a whirlwind. She was overwhelmed by her plethora of feelings she could not deal with these feelings for a long time. She knew that her life had been changed forever. Paty had always been a very positive and happy person. She is my oldest sister and a very good friend of mine. She was expecting her second baby. The whole family was waiting for that day with a lot of joy. The day arrived. It was a beautiful spring day. She went to the hospital and after many hours of labor the baby was born. She was the most beautiful girl that I have never seen. However something was wrong. As soon as the baby was born the doctors took the baby to another room for examination. However Paty was taken back to her room. That was unexpected. She asked around what was happening but she received no answer. She started to cry she was scared and she knew that something very bad was happening. While Paty was trying to calm herself the doctors were running back and forth performing multiple tests on ANON_NAME_0. Paty was desperate. No one wanted to answer her questions. Since she did not see ANON_NAME_0 she was not sure that the baby was alive. Suddenly her live had turned into darkness sadness and unhappiness. After several hours one doctor came into Paty's room and told her that the baby was born with Spina Bifida a developmental birth defect. She was in shock! She could not believe her ears and got depressed. One nurse told her that the baby would not live for a long time and that she had to be aware of that fact. Can you imagine how she felt After a month she came back home with her baby and a broken heart. ANON_NAME_0's days were passing full of visits to the hospital. At some point she was having operations every week. One day I went to visit Paty and I could not recognize her that positive and happy person was gone. The whole family was feeling the same pain as her. I began to help her but that was not enough. She needed time to recover from this experience. ANON_NAME_0's behavior was the opposite of Paty's. She was a happy baby smiling laughing and growing. She began to talk and every time someone was with her she said I love you . The first time that I heard her saying that I could not believe it. Gradually Paty began to feel the life that ANON_NAME_0 had inside and she changed her attitude. She began to smile and little by little her life returned to the feelings of that happiness almost in the way that it was before ANON_NAME_0's birth. ANON_NAME_0 was a special little one she was an angel for us. She taught us about love life and faith. She had that 'spirit of fight' that we need in life to go through big 'problems'. She had problems walking but all the time she said I want to walk . We pretended that she was walking and her face was radiant. I can see it until now. Every day was a new challenge for both Paty and ANON_NAME_0 but they knew how to face them. After three years of a 'stable' medical situation ANON_NAME_0's immune system had weakened and the doctors did not know what to do. A simple flu could kill her. When ANON_NAME_0 was three and a half years old she got Meningitis. For one month she was fighting for her life. However the infection increased every day. Finally she died. I was there when she died. Paty was screaming! She hugged ANON_NAME_0 and I hugged Paty and told her let her go it is time. The world around us turned from light to darkness as the whole family felt my sister's lost. Looking back over the last ten years Paty recovered from this experience. During those years she gained insight into the great an unexpected gift that ANON_NAME_0 was to her. Her smile was radiant her I love you was deep her desire for walking was strong and her sweetest was also present. All these qualities of ANON_NAME_0 gave Paty LIFE. Now we can see the beautiful gift that we received. We learn that you don't know what life is going to give you but whatever it is you need to accept it. Some experiences are hard or painful. While some experiences are easy or joyful. Some can be 'unexpected' but the attitude that you have is the key for your happiness. I truly believe that every day we receive 'unexpected gifts'. Be aware and enjoy it.
