My Special Place Optima What do you think when you hear the word car May be Mercedes Benz BMW Ford new car old car sports car prices gas conveniences transportation or car accident I think that cars are very convenient and necessary in our life to transport us wherever we want to go. Moreover it is better to have a good car if you want to meet a nice girl. The more expensive it is the more girls are interested on you. They might be think that you are rich or a person of great capacity. However I never knew before that a car has many other functions than I mentioned upside. In addition how close and how a great part the car was in my life when I met my girlfriend. It was not only for convinience in transportation to get us together it was more than I expected. At first we spent most of our dates in our convenient car. The car's name was Optima from the company KIA. The color was white and very pretty designed. Not big and not small and was easy to handle for women due to its very light wheel. However that is not all to describe my favorite place. I have a lot of good memories with my girl friend at this car. As I mentioned it helped us to be together because the car was a nice transportation for us. We had no problems to meet whether we were for away from each other or not. Moreover we both loved driving. We drove anywhere together with my girlfriends dog 'Neo' who is a British Coca Spaniel. He is bigger than usually Coca Spaniel's grew. We drove mostly to a place named Han Kang Park. It is placed beside the Han Kang River. It has a nice view and is a good place to have rest and enjoy. In Addition it was a nice place for our dog Neo. After a walk with our dog we were in the car and listen music CD's which I burned and enjoyed either the nice view. At night the view is very beautiful. We could see the ships and lights from the other side of the river. With these wonderful atmosphere we were able to talk trough the night. Our car date didn't end until many months. The first two weeks when we met we were almost every day together at the park. If we were tired we could just sleep in the car. If we were hungry we drove to a fast food or a pizza store ordered some foods and ate it in our car. If we wanted to see a movie we drove to an automobile theater. After we were finished with buying some clothes we tried our clothes in our car. The distance to get anywhere was never a problem for us. We just needed fuel. In addition we had no problems with the limited space. Actually the limited space helped us to get closer than before. However we were not always happy together. While having sweet dates in our car we fought a lot either. I heard many times the car door slammed and saw even many times the back of the car that drove fast away. After we had a fought and we didn't make up then she jumped me up in front of my house and drove away and I had to see the back of our car. This was a hurt feeling. The wonderful fact is that I could feel my girlfriend mood when I saw the car. She was a good driver but if she was angry she drove very dangerous. The car reflected her mind. As long as our relationship continued our time in the limited space decreased. Since we rented a house together where we could live in. That was actually my second special place. I will never think that a car is just for transportation or convenience and I will never forget the experiences in that car with my girlfriend and Neo. We three were always together. The time with her in the car was a wonderful time for me. The car was more than just a car. It remind my memories.
