A place I will never forget I had never seen so great swimming gymnasium in my youth. I loved to swim and I had spent most of free time in it during my stay in Beijing no matter how summing or cold winter. Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium is a wonderful place for recreation and exercising. I will never forget how deep impression it is in the first time when I went to Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium. It is a fall season I went to Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium. Arriving at the door of Olympic center a large 'A' shape building is standing on the ground of the Olympic center. It is the gymnasium which hosted the swimming competition of 1990 Asian Games. I walked around a quarter got to the door and bought the tickets and stepped into the door there are four pools in the gymnasium a standard pool which is 25 meters wide 50 meters long and 3 meters deep an exercising pool which is 12. 5 Meters wide 50 meters long and 1. 5 Meters deep a warming pool which is 9 meters wide 12 meters long and 1. 2 Meters deep and also have a great diving pool which is 25 meters wide 25 meters long and 5 meters deep. It is so great it is the largest in the Asia at that time. I have never seen so many great pools just in one gymnasium. From then on I spent most of free time in it. It is so convenient for exercising. I usually swim about half hour at shallow pool 1. 5 Meters deep for warming and then move to swim about one hour in the deep pool 3 meters deep . After that I will took a hot water shower and a cold water shower and then back home. It was a cold winter. Almost every day except overwork days no matter windy or snowy the lifeguard can always find me at swimming. So we have got acquainted and become good friends later. I have learned that he was one of the first class athletes of the national swimming team and got many gold metals. After knowing that I work at a national institute he told me that I should keep swim that will help me energetic. He gives me a lot of help. He usually points out my wrong postures of swimming and tells me a lot of skills. During that period my swimming skills have a significant progress. I really enjoy swimming. Swimming is really a good sport that helps me keep into shape. During that period I was very strong and in a very good shape. It was a hot summer. I was a little upset. The swimming competition of 2001 World University Games was held in the Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium. The swimming pool is not opened for public so that I couldn't go to there to swim. That's my favorite place to swim and I couldn't meet my good friends at there. Now the year of 2008 is coming soon the swimming competition of 2008 Beijing Summer Olympic Games will be held at Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium. It's really a great place. Although I couldn't swim in the pool now I really want to swim in that pool again. Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium is really a wonderful place that I have spent lots of time in it. I will never forget its great buildings convenient conditions for swimming and also a good place to meet good friends all of them. It's a place I will never forget.
