The night at the airport I had never thought about people in the airport where people use there for going coming and obviously not staying before spent one night in the JFK airport in New York. It was January 4th 2007. I arrived to the JFK around 6 00 p. M. Shortly after landed in the U. S. Territory for the first time in my life I was watching burning sky of the sunset over the Delta airline building and the terminal three and I started organizing about plans here with a deep breathing. As my next flight to Pittsburgh was January 5th 11 15 a. M. After found my one year luggage I had to find a place to stay for the night. I did call dozens of motels which were close from the airport did not have any rooms available at that single night. Thus rather than going to downtown to find a place I decided to stay in the JFK that night. Because of 14 hours of flight and having same time period twice in that day again it made me so exhausted. So I thought I could sleep anywhere if I could lean my head against a wall. However interestingly enough in the airport there were many people to watch to talk and to share that night besides sleeping. Firstly I needed a suitable spot to savor the night. After roaming around the JFK's terminal from one to eight I settled down at terminal four which supposedly looked have more spectrum of people and events. Being an audience of an over 10 hours running time movie with the biggest screen ever I prepared a newspaper a cup of coffee and full charging mind of inactivity. Sitting in front of international arrival exit I witnessed the people's precious life moments a happiness of reunion a heartbreak of farewell an elation of approaching journey and of course a tedious waiting of stopover flight. With these thousands of feelings and faces I noticed the people behind the scene also. The employee at an information desk a vendor of souvenir store and a clerk at the Starbucks were conducting their role. After spent almost three straight hour of enjoying I noticed other audiences around me. Naturally I felt friendly fellowship to them. I examined timidly yet curiously my neighbors. A Caucasian man behind me reading Lonely Planet which is very famous book about travel information a Spanish family with a barely working baby at front low an African American business man talking on the phone and seeming newly married couple. Having been motivated and excited by diverse characteristics of people I started expanding my territory. The man behind me was my companion. You look like traveling around here where are you heading to I started. Oh yeah hi. Actually I just got here from England. He responded with strong English accent. He had traveled several countries before came to the U. S. And surprisingly he was planning to go to another 16 countries next to the U. S. He had worked as an architect for many years and he was taking a vacation. Thinking that night was too late to go a hotel and waste of money he was staying there. Since I was interested in architecture we could talk about many architectural master pieces. At the same time I was impressed by having conversation between complete strangers because we were in totally different world and had never met each other. Literally I was in entirely new world which nobody knew me and I did not know any body either and so was him. Again the airport had another ordinary morning of normal day with gleaming sunlight. Supposedly at the airport people had come from somewhere and would have gone to their destination just like me. Despite the different intentions and purposes I was amazed by the fact of sharing the moment together in the very same place and time in the world. When I was leaving the terminal four I bought another cup of coffee at Starbucks. Just at that time the clerk of Starbuck recognized me and asked Are you still here Not any more. And I left.
