Whether we could have wings or not rode on the event. Getting the American Driver's License was vital for foreign people. It would enable us to go anywhere and to be identified. I and my husband Hiro tried to calm down our uneasy feelings at the Drivers License Center. Believe ourselves! We successfully did get though the red tape procedure of the car purchase and the tricky knowledge test. The thorough review of the manual and the patient effort of parallel parking were all for the last stage of the road exam now. I carefully turned in our documents to an officer over the counter. However his cold look indicated that the rough and thorny path loom ahead us. The officer pointed out the position for us to wait silently. Hiro told me with smile that he would take a road exam ahead of me so that I could see the order of the exam in his exam. I knew that he tried to cheer me up even though he also was nervous. We went out of the center to wait for our examiner in front of our car. Although it was a scorching hot day it didn't bother me at all. I was only thinking whether I could understand what the examiner says or not. As soon as coming to us an examiner without expression told Hiro to get in the driver's side. I was looking at them from some distance with my ears straining for the every single word of them. His English was hard for me to understand. In the next moment Hiro showed his international license and learner's permit the examiner asked loudly where was the Japanese driver's license. While scratching his head in perplex Hiro glanced at me. Oh Hiro left his Japanese license at home That was an important requirement for the road exam! I recognized that He had to give up the road exam now and his hope was pinned on me. After Hiro came back to me it was my turn at once. As I get in the driver's side with a thumping heart another examiner rushed to me. Would the new woman check my driving skill She quickly checked my documents and started asking me a series of questions. Where was the function of lower beam and high beam Which was the button of the four way light Could you work windshield wipers As I slowly answered all of the questions one by one I found the examiner smiling. I finished the first quiz successfully! I made a sign to Hiro to let him know that I would move into the next step. The examiner told me in a tender tones to park the car within the white line of the lane after getting in the passenger' seat. Although I got aware that she was kind and trying to articulate words for me I lost confidence to see the small parking space over there. Oh the space was terribly small! How could I do well with the parallel parking here Before parking I needed to turn right after driving through the narrow practice lane. I tread on the gas pedal carefully to go forward without missing the look of 'left right left' sides. At last I reached the space and started parking. When I reversed into the curb of the space with care I noticed my car stayed in the wrong direction in the space. The examiner told me that I could change the direction go forward and reverse again. I desperately went forward and reversed slowly. Yes I parked the car to parallel with the lane! The examiner checked the curb around the car and got the car. She walked around the car and started explaining to me what she looked at. I got confused to see her face. She said to me Almost! What had been wrong I noticed that Hiro also looked at us with perplexed look from a distance. While pointing out the back tires touch the white line She told me that I could do well despite my one month stay in the US. In addition she emphasixed calmly that it was necessary for all of drivers to drive and park perfectly to avoid all kinds of accidents. I found that I had not thought much of how inportant I had to be responsible for driving here. Thanks to her persuasive advice I realized that I and Hiro had been in a hurry to get the driver's license instead of being aware the danger of driving and our serious responsibility as a driver. I and Hiro failed in the exam however I appreciated that I needed more practice. I believe that we get our wings with right sense drivers should have.
