Name Writing 5S Instructor ANON_NAME_0 10 04 2007 Perseverance Although after more than ten years I still remember clearly what happened on my old sister in a hot and muggy summer day. I had never been touched by people around me. I had known that my old sister was very diligent and perseverant but I had never thought the extent of her perseverance. After that day I completely changed my opinion about her and made my greatest effort to change my lifestyle to follow her when I was thinking of my old sister. The weather of that day implied something unexpected would happen. One day at the end of the spring semester of my sophomore year I received a letter from my old sister in which I was told that she would visit me before twelve o'clock at noon on a certain day. The weather at the end of the spring semester about June which were generally expected to be warm had become very hot and abnormally muggy. In the morning of that day when I got up I felt I could not breathe. I just thought my sister should change to another day to visit me. I thought common people could not survive in a bus trip without air conditioning this kind of weather. If there had been a phone I would have given my old sister a call to persuade her to change to another day. But at that time the majority of people could not afford a cell phone even a wired phone seemed too luxury for a common family. My old sister graduated from college one year before and worked as an assistant chemical engineer at Zhuzhou a small city that is 30 miles away from my college. What I could do was to wait for her coming. After breakfast I bought some ice and hold it in my vacuum flask for my old sister. Afterwards I started happily to read a novel in my dormitory room where any cooling device was not permitted to use it. The sweat drops was falling from my forehead onto my book and also some sweat drops formed into a creek in the middle of my back. I could not focus on my reading at all after a while because I was sweating hard. After time to time I opened the vacuum flask and wanted to get a small piece of ice to cool me down. But I tried to stop my mind to go further to fetch the ice and I leaned my head out of window to see whether my old sister was arriving. Time was close to twelve o'clock my old sister was expected to show up in a short time because in my mind she never missed an appointment meeting or a promised task. . However she didn't. In the next half an hour I kept staring the entrance of my dormitory building but there was no her figure. I was becoming very anxious when I could not see her arriving. I began to think that my old sister probably missed the scheduled bus. But after a while I changed my thought that today she could take a train. Or another idea popped up that she was busy with her work and could not set a time to come here. I tried to list all kind of excuses for her in my mind and I denied one excuse after another with time passing by. I gradually had such an ill luck for her. I was afraid that something bad happened to her. I bought food from Cafeteria to hope my sister could show up a little quickly but I didn't touch them. I went out of my dormitory building and headed for the direction in which she would come. I scanned every people coming from that direction. Disappointment again and again made me felt a bit depressed. And continuously sweating made me feel extremely exhausted. I found a big tree and leaned against it to continue my waiting. In a short time I fell asleep and started a dream in which my sister smiled to me and I also I felt vaguely that some one was calling my name. When I woke up I was surprised that a girl was standing in front of me. When I opened my eyes a little wider cleared my eyes with my hand and look at her much closer. It was my old sister. I suddenly recognized her. I cheered up to tears and I could not believe it. Her face was covered a layer of dirt. The sweat threads left an interwoven picture. Her shoes were also very dirty. Although she was somewhat tired she looked very happy. She told me that she didn't take bus and train but walked here on foot. Could you imagine that the distance was more than thirty miles. My great sister finished this distance just in 6 hours in such a terribly hot day. Then she continued that she felt very sorry about changing her mind because she wanted to save the ferry for my monthly living expense I can't help crying. After that so many times when I recalled the scene my old sister stood before me under that big tree I break into tears once and again. Gradually I try to save even one cent to help more people with the same situation as mine at that time. I hope I can hold this spirit onto my own children so they can make a little contribution to our society.
