Nightmare in Laboratory Room I had never been a horrible memory in my life. My major was chemistry so I liked laboratory works. When I was a freshman most laboratory works were easy for me. I wanted to work hard such as Albert Einstein who was a physics. When I was junior I decided an organic chemistry of my major. When I went to go an organic chemistry laboratory room for the first time I thought that Wow finally my dream came true it is real laboratory work it is awesome. However nightmare was coming to me in laboratory room. My first laboratory work was blending material. I had confidence because I had waited to do laboratory work so I studied for a long time. It was easy for me and my partner was proud of me. I did not listen the lecture because I already knew how I could handle it. While working the project I assistant teacher gave my group warning because he wanted us to work together. I pretended to listen my assistant's advice and I kept going my job. I controlled good but frustrating was coming to me. During laboratory work I had a process to pour basic dyestuffs. There were basic dyestuffs and acid dyestuffs. I should have picked basic dyestuffs but I picked acid dyestuffs. Suddenly the blending material was burning. I was in panic and I had no idea what I should do. I decided to pour water but I could not move my body. Everyone was frustrated. My partner called my assistant teacher. He brought sand and pouring water. The fire was gone. I could not see my assistant teacher because I noticed a scowl on his face. He gave my group penalty and indicated to clean the laboratory room. However my nightmare was not finish. I cleaned hard because I wanted to recover trust. As cleaning in the laboratory room my cellular phone rang. As soon as I picked up the phone I head smashing sounds. A lot of laboratory work equipments fell dawn. I did not want to be there. I just wanted to run out from laboratory room. My assistant teacher said me I am going to give you 'F ' and as soon as finish to cleaning just follow me. After cleaning I went to assistant room. He was smiling. I wondered that he might be angry but not. He said why don't you apply to my laboratory room. I never have seen a student who prepared laboratory work. I am going to ask my professor to join my project . I doubted my ears. I received this suggestion. Even though a couple of hours were nightmare I catch a big chance. Since then I have worked laboratory room.
