My frustrated trip I had never thought I could go aboard alone with my poor English before. It happened a half year ago. That was my first time in order to go aboard. I had spent last hour in Thailand with my family in Bankok International Airport. And then I had gone to the departure lounge with a carry on and a backpack 1 hour before departure time. When I was waiting I noticed that people around me were all foreigners. I kept worrying about what I was supposed to do if I got lost in other airports or wanted to order more food on a plane. After getting on the plane I realized that my long frustrated journey had just begun. While being on the plane I kept thinking about sentences for giving to flight attendants. Every time they passed me I pretended that I was reading a book or watching a movie. When lunch time began I couldn't avoid it anymore. I flew on a Japanese airline which I had to choose menu for my lunch. Of course there were all Japanese cuisines. A flight attendant asked me in English what I would like to order but I stammered. Fortunately she was Thai and asked me in Thai so I could order what I wanted. Before landing there were some instructions about immigration and declaration in English and Japanese. I didn't understand them at all. I positively thought that maybe because of a Japanese accent of the speakers which made me didn't understand. After landing I had to change a plane and get a new boarding pass. At that time I followed others and looked around anxiously. I held my instruction which my sister had sent me by email and followed others along a passageway. Thankfully I thought that I wouldn't go aboard alone without this instruction. However it didn't cover everything. I needed to find a check in counter to get a boarding pass. I followed others until meeting a shuttle train and take this train from one building to another. This train was very crowded. After having a small space for standing somebody pushed me inside to make his space. I looked like a ham in a sandwich while the train was moving. Eventually I reached the counter and got a new boarding pass. After that I had to go back to a former building by a shuttle train again but there were only a couple people this time. When arriving the building I still had two hours left. I found some food and enjoyed the airport view simultaneously. After that I deliberately waited for boarding in front of the boarding gate and then get on a new plane. On this plane I had a seat beside an Asian woman. I didn't know where she came from but I felt that her English was as poor as me and it seemed to me that this was her first time also. During departure time there were instructions with high pace English. Despite of a native accent I couldn't catch anything from those instructions. I solely recalled doing the same as my last time. My frustration happened again when I needed to ask for my drink. I couldn't catch any words except water and coke. From then on I only asked for water and coke from a flight attendant. After 15 hours on the plane I was in Chicago Airport. I needed to go to the immigration and change a plane again. Also I had to load my luggage at another place. In this trip I had two heavy suitcases with me. One was 66 pounds and another was almost 66 pounds. I used a cart for helping me carry both of them. I tried to put a suitcase on a cart several times but I couldn't because it kept moving. I looked around to find some helps but nobody was near me. Finally I could put both of them on a cart went loading them and looked for my sister's boyfriend. He studied in Chicago and my sister told him to take care of me but I didn't see him. At that time I didn't have a cell phone or coins to make a call. Eventually I went to the exchange counter to buy a phone card and called him. After I saw him he treated me and brought me to check in counter. From then on I had to go alone again. I kept thinking that this long trip almost finished and then went to a departure lounge. I waited for departure time for a while and get on a small plane to Pittsburgh. It took 2 hours from Chicago. After it landed I walked along a passageway and saw my sister and her friends. I was very glad that this journey was done and I could come to the US by myself without any troubles. For my next trip I hope that I will have a smooth journey and could order a variety of food and drink on a plane.
