Brugge's angel What is your expectation when you travel somewhere You can imagine sightseeing as much as possible meeting good people or eating several kinds of gourmet food. If you are satisfied by one of above examples the place will be your unforgettable place. Moreover if the good luck happens beyond expectation you must hold that memory in your mind for a long time. Here is my unforgettable story from Brugge Belgium. The time was around 6AM when I arrived at the station of train in Brugge. I was traveling around Europe by myself. I had visited several Western Europe countries and left German on the previous day. Though I was sleeping in the sleeping car of the train since staying in the train more for 7hours and the arrival time was so early I felt a little tired. However the view of the city looked so great and I was sitting in front of the station as thinking my schedule in the city. At that time two girls started to talk to me they introduced themselves that came from Ecuador and were travelers like me. Because of passing many countries and meeting several travelers during my trip I was also familiar to the situation of meeting friendly strangers. Above of all I knew that the travelers could help each other and sometimes be a very close friend. We started talking about our travels and after a while they asked me where I would stay in the city. Actually I was just going to search for some place to stay. They said that they were supposed to stay in a house which was introduced by their catholic church and suggested me to go there together. After I hesitated a while I agreed to go there with them. During we were talking more a car arrived near us and a kind looking old gentleman got off the car. He was the man whom they were supposed to meet there. We introduced ourselves one another and got on his car. He was so nice and carrying a small memo pad. In the memo pad there were summary of greetings in lots of languages. Later he started guiding the city to us. Though I was a little puzzled for the unexpected situation I already was a kind of traveler whose intuition was developed according to one's itinerary and decided to believe my feeling and their favor. The city Brugge was very beautiful city with several canals running between the delicate architectures. Even though I looked around more ten cities in Europe before coming there it was coming to my heart as a city which made me feel happy due to the warm and friendly atmosphere. Thanked to the old gentleman we looked almost of the city's charming points in a day and took a rest in his guest room. On the next day I gave him a postcard I had written in the last night with appreciation because meeting him in the city was unexpected good luck to me and wanted to express my thanks to him. After reading my card he showed me his visitors' book. I was surprised at the volume of books he had more ten volumes of books in his bookshelf. At last I found he was a pastor in a catholic church and always invited foreign travelers to his house to serve them sincerely. There were countless appreciations written by several languages in the books. Moreover he rather thanked to me with a present for expressing appreciation. I had to leave the city in the afternoon. He went to a station to see off and gave me a snack package some bread and fruits with his blessing. On getting on the train I was so sorry to leave the city as if I had stayed for a long time and drowned in tears. Nowadays I sometimes recall the memory of him and Brugge. Although I can not remember his face exactly his words are in my mind vividly. Every visitor is special person God sent to me you are also the one God sent to me so I'm happy to serve you.
