The Real Value of My House Now do you live in your house If you live in your house you must be a lucky man. When I was in my country Korea I had never worried about housing because I lived with my parents. After I came to the U. S I had to manage to find a house by myself. Fortunately as soon as I arrived at the U. S I was able to live with an American family. However I was very nervous whenever I came back home from the school because the neighborhood was dangerous. Eventually I decided to move out and had to find my house. At that time I thought that it was easy for me to find a place to stay. However I could not find my apartment and house easily unlike my expectation. When I realized that I had no house to stay my eyes were getting darker. Also while finding my place to stay I had to go through pain. When I decided to move out from a place which I lived at first I had to find my house. At that time I was finding a homestay because I wanted to live with an American family to raise my English skill. Fortunately as soon as I applied a homestay's company I was able to get a homestay's house which I was able to stay. Also the homestay's house was very close to the school. In my case I was absolutely lucky so I was very happy. The day before I was supposed to move in I packed my luggage up and finished preparing move in. However at that day's night the homestay's host suddenly had a heart attack so he had to go to the hospital. I was so embarrassed. I could not believe that I did not have my house from that day. Where should I sleep from tomorrow I have to sleep a subway or in the street No I can't! At that time luckily one of my friend let me live in his house. While living in his house I had to find my place to stay again. Hopefully I was able to find an apartment which was close to the school in the web site. I called the apartment's host. He permitted me to live there because the host had to go to other city as soon as possible. Because of the fact that I was able to have my house I was really happy. I started to pack my luggage up again as I kept whistling. After packing my luggage up I called the host. However the host did not answer the phone so I tried to call him many times but he never answered the phone. What happened to me Something must have been wrong. I could not believe! He might have changed his mind but I did not have enough time to blame him for changing his mind because I had to find another house. I started to find another house or apartment. From then on I did not care any more whether a house is close to the school or not. I just wanted to live in my house. When I saw a house sublet paper on a board I called the host's house. The host wanted to meet me so we made an appointment. However this time I did not pack my luggage up because I guessed that I might have experienced a situation like last time. After all my guess was right. He did not show up on our meeting place. At that time I was very frustrated and sad. What should I do I will be homeless I really wanted to go back to my house in my country. Suddenly my phone started to ring. My friend called me and wanted to introduce a house in which his friend lived. I was able to meet his friend as soon as I hung up the phone. Fortunately he permitted me to live in his house. I immediately contracted with him to live there. Also he was so kind and the house was close to the school. Finally my unfortunate story ended up and I was able to live in my house. I really appreciate to him and my friend who introduced him. If my friend did not introduce him to me I might have slept in the street or a subway. Now I live in my apartment happily. There is no valuable thing more than the house for me. I will never forget the hard time. I realized that I had to prepare finding a place to stay. Also I hope that other international students will not experience to suffer from finding a place to stay.
