Perseverance Although after more than ten years I still remember clearly what my elder sister has gone through in a hot and muggy summer day. The weather of that day was so unusual that it seemed to imply something impressive would happen. I had known that my elder sister was very diligent and perseverative but I could never imagine the extent of her perseverance. After that day I was deeply succumbed by her perseverance and made my great effort to follow her as an example. It was a day at the end of June of my sophomore year. I received a mail from my sister telling me that she would visit me around noon on the coming Saturday. Although it was expected to be hot in June that Saturday was so hot that I felt I even could not breathe. Even worse that day was unusually humid and abnormally muggy. I still remember I woke up very early that day because of the hot weather. However my upset was quickly replaced with the excitement that my sister would visit me. Then I thought she might change to another day to visit me since no one wanted to be exposed outside on such a hot day not to mention to take a bus without air conditioning. If there had been a phone in my dorm I would have given my old sister a call to persuade her to change to another day. But at that time we did not have a phone installed in our dorm. Actually a phone with a landline was not popular in residence houses not to mention a cell phone. At that time my sister had graduated from college one year ago and was working as an assistant chemical engineer at Zhuzhou a small city 30 miles away from my college. It would take her at least two hours by bus I was calculating about what time she would be arriving. Although what I could do was to wait for her coming I bought some ice and hold it in my vacuum flask for my sister. Thinking there was nothing I could do I started to read a novel to kill the time. The sweat drops were falling from my forehead onto the book and I was sweating like in a Sauna room. I gave up reading and started to cool my body using the ice in the vacuum flask that I prepared for my sister. . After doing it several times I tried not to do it again. In order to distract my attention from using more ice I leaned my head out of window to see whether my sister was arriving. I waited and waited. However she has not shown up even when the clock was approaching twelve. In the next thirty minutes after twelve I kept staring at my dormitory entrance but I was disappointed every time. I started to become anxious and restless and did not know what I should do. I began to worry that she probably missed the scheduled bus. Or perhaps she had decided to take a train. Then another idea popped up that she might be terribly busy with her work and could not come. I tried to list all possible excuses for her in my mind and then I denied one by one with time passing by. Then I had a hunch that that something bad might happen to her. The lunch I bought for my sisiter from the cafeteria was sitting on my desk but I didn't want to touch it without my sister. After having been waiting for so long time I decided to go to the bus stop where I thought she would get off. After seeing 5 buses passed without seeing her however I felt tired and frustrated. And continuously sweating made me feel extremely exhausted. I found a big tree and sat in its shadow with my back leaning the tree. In a short time I fell sleepy and started to close my eyes. Then it seemed that my sister was smiling to me and someone was calling my name. When I opened my eyes I was surprised to see a girl was standing in front of me. I thought I was in a dream so I opened my eyes wider in order to see her clearly. It was indeed my dear elder sister! How happy I was at that moment. I cheered up to tears and I gave her a big hug. When I was staring at her I found her face was covered with a layer of dirt. The sweat threads left an interwoven picture on her face. Her pants and shoes were also very dirty. Although she looked exhausted she was very happy to see me. She told me that she didn't take the bus or the train but walked 30 miles on foot! It took her 6 hours to arrive at my dorm in such a terribly hot day. I knew she wanted to save the fare for my monthly living expense although she kept joking that she needed to have some exercise. When she passed me 30 Chinese Yuan my monthly living expense I was so touched that I began to sob. This scene was buried in the bottom of my heart that I remember it so vividly even after so many years. Each time I recalled the scene that my old sister stood in front of me under that big tree I cannot help breaking into tears once again. Since then I have tried to save every penny of my living expense. More important I learned that how perseverative my sister could be in order to support her brother. Until today I was still amazed by the fact that she kept walking 30 miles for 6 hours. Later when I asked her how she did it she just smiled and said as long as you stick with your goal you can make it. From that time I told myself to learn from my sister and hold my dream until it becomes true.
