My Special Place Optima What do you think when you hear the word car May be Mercedes Benz BMW Ford new car old car sports car prices gas conveniences transportation or car accident I think that cars are very convenient and necessary in our life to transport us wherever we want to go. Moreover it is better to have a good car if you want to meet a nice girl. The more expensive it is the more girls are interested on you. They might be think that you are rich or a person of great capacity. However I never knew before that a car has many other functions than I mentioned upside. In addition how close and how a great part the car was in my life when I met my girlfriend. It was not only for convenience in transportation to get us together it was more than I expected. At first we spent most of our dates in our convenient car. The car's name was Optima from the company KIA. The color was white and very pretty designed. Not big and not small and was easy to handle for women due to its very light wheel. However that is not all to describe my favorite place. After we had our first met in a club we decided what we were going to do at our first date. We discussed many things to do such as going dinner watching a movie or going to a caffee. Eventually we decided to drive to a place named Hang Kang Park which is placed beside the Hang Kang River. It had a nice view especially at night and was a good place to have rest and fun. In fact we were driving not alone we had a dog with us. It was my girlfriends dog whose name was Neo and who is a British Coca spaniel. He was bigger than usually Coca Spaniel dogs grew up. While driving to the park I had the feeling that an unusual date will begin. Because of the fact that never had a date with a dog before even never had my first date at a park. Finally we arrived at the park and made a walk with Neo. While we were walking through the park we had an interesting talk together. I found out that she was a student as I was and came from another province to study in a university. We discovered a lot of each other. After we walked we decided to go back to our car. Actually I thought we had to go to a ship at the river where a romantic bar exists instead of the car. However I realized that it was impossible to enter the bar with Neo. We got to the car and closed the windows. It was October and the night was pretty cold. I turned the CD player on to relax. I was glad that she loved my music that I burned that day before. We listened to the music and enjoyed either the view. At that night the view was fantastic. Because of the fact that we parked at an excellent place we were able to see boats over the river and light from houses from the other side of the river. Stars were shining either. At the same time Neo might understand our mood he slept on the back seat without interrupting our first date. With this fantastic atmosphere we were able to talk through the night until morning. We didn't feel the time going. As soon as the sun rose up we ate breakfast together at the park. After then we drove to school. Since her school was far away than my school I lent her my car to go more convenient to school. We drove to my university and then I let her gone with a promise to see after our classes will be finished. I was very tired but even more excited about our first date. After school we went to eat dinner. We drove to a restaurant and ordered some food and drove to the park again to eat our dinner in the car. The distance to do or to get anywhere was no problem for us. We just needed fuel to continue our date in the car. After we ate we decided to sleep a few hours because we were too much tired. We slept in our car until we had to see a movie. Of course we drove to a car movie theater instead of a usual movie theater. I realized that the movie was much better to enjoy than I used to do before. At the same day we were together at the park again that continued until the next morning. However at morning we had to go home to wash and changed our clothes but we didn't want to be separated. Eventually we decided to go to her house to wash and after to go to a department store to buy some clothes for us. We hurried our shopping and tried what we bought in our car. It was not convenient to change our clothes in a car but it was funny to have these events in our car. The limited space was never a problem for us. In addition it helped us more to get closer than before. We just enjoyed our unusual dates until we had our first fight. After a few weeks we had our first fight while we were continuing these car dates. I realized that the limited space was not always good for us. While having our car dates we fought a lot either. . I heard many times the car door slammed after we fought or saw even many times the back of the car that drove fast away. Because of the fact that we had a fought and we didn't make up then she jumped me up in front of my house and drove away and I had to see many times the back of my car. This was a hurt feeling. The wonderful fact is that I could feel my girlfriend mood when I saw the car. She was a good driver but if she was angry she drove very dangerous. The car reflected her mind. Finally after we rented a house to live together our time in the car decreased naturally. However we tried to have our car dates as many times as we had a chance. We couldn't forget the beautiful days in our car. We agreed that this time was the best time we ever had. Of course my fixed idea about cars had changed. I never thought that a car is just for a transportation or convenience. It was really more than I expected.
