The Road to becoming a driver Whether we could get our legs or not depended on the event. Our legs the American driver's license was vital for foreign people. It would enable us to go anywhere and to be identified. I and my husband Hiro tried to dispel our uneasy feelings at the Drivers License Center. Believe ourselves! We successfully did get through the red tape procedure of the car purchase and the tricky knowledge test. The thorough review of the manual and the patient effort of parallel parking were all for the last stage of the road exam now. I carefully turned in ourapplication to an officer over the counter. However his cold look indicated that the rough and thorny path would loom ahead us. The officer silently pointed at the position to wait outside. Hiro told me with smile that he would take a road exam ahead of me so that I could see the flow of the exam in his exam. He tried to cheer me up even though he was also nervous. I was looking at him standing beside the car from some distance. Although it was a scorching hot day it didn't bother me at all. I was only thinking about whether I could understand what the examiner would say or not. As soon as coming to us an examiner with stony face told him to get in the driver's side in rapid English. I listened to him with my ears straining for the every single word of them. In the next moment Hiro showed his international license and learner's permit the examiner asked loudly where was the Japanese driver's license. Hiro scratched his head in perplex and glanced at me. Oh had he left the Japanese license at home in a hurry That was an important requirement for the road exam! I recognized that he had to give up the road exam now and his hope was pinned on me. After Hiro came back to me it was my turn at once. As I got in the driver's side with a thumping heart another examiner rushed to me. Would the new woman check my driving skill She checked my documents quickly and started asking me a series of questions. Where was the function of the lower beams and the high beams Which was the button of the four way flashers Could you use windshield wipers As I slowly answered all of the questions one by one I found the examiner smiling. I finished the first part of the exam in one way or another. I made eye contact at Hiro to let him know that I would move into the next step. The examiner told me in tender tones to park the car within the space marked off by white lines. She articulated words for me since my face was tightened. At that time I got aware that she was fair unlike many examiners who were stricter than necessary. However I lost confidence after looking at the small parking space over there. How could I deal with the parallel parking There was not time to hesitate. I trod on the gas pedal carefully to go forward with looking at the 'left right left' sides. At last I reached the space and started parking. When I reversed the car toward the back curb of the space I noticed my car facing in the wrong direction. The examiner told me that I might change the direction less than four times and reverse again. I desperately turned the steering wheel and slowly reversed the car into the space. Yes I parked the car to parallel with the lane! The examiner got off the car and checked around the space. After that she got in the car again to explain to me about what she looked at. She said to me Almost! What had been wrong Did I fail I got confused and at the same time I noticed that Hiro was looking at us restlessly from a distance. She told that the back tires touched the white lines unfortunately and that I was not used to driving. That was to the point. In addition she emphasized in a dignified attitude that it was necessary for all of drivers to drive and park perfectly to avoid all kinds of accidents. I found that I had never thought much of how important to be responsible for driving here. Thanks to her thoughtful advice I realized that I had been overhasty. I had focused on the positive aspects of driving without thinking about its danger and our serious responsibility as a driver. How many people have died in traffic accidents It is not someone else's matter but ours. I did not get the driver's license however I got a crucial thought the right awareness that drivers should have. I told Hiro about her advice and he also learned the good lesson. In the near future I will get the driver's license and keep this lesson in my mind whenever I drive a car.
