The Destiny My grandfather always says Nobody knows his destiny. Since I was 18 years old in the high school. I planned my future. Everything was going well as I thought. I finished high school with excellent grades. Then I wanted to study medicine at the best university in my country. I applied for study there. However they refused my requisition. After that I got a scholarship. My scholarship was in Australia Germany and United States. I could never imagined myself study abroad. After getting those scholarships I had to choose one of them. I was in a hard predicament. That is my future and I had to plane it well. Then I started thinking which country I had to choose. Germany is a very perfect place to study. They have great universities. Moreover their education system is appropriate for my scholarship. However I didn't choose it because I didn't want waste my time for studding Germany. Australia and Untied States have great universities either. Also their education system is excellent. After all I decided to study I Australia because my best friend study's there. I prepared myself. I got my visa and the admission. Then the ministry of higher education canceled program studying in Australia. They said they sent enough students there. They gave only one alternative choice. I had to study in the United States. I got my financial guarantee and the visa to study in the United States. I defined my domain. I decided to study computer science. Now I wanted to get my admission at one of the universities in Indiana. I applied for two universities. I sent all the documents that they needed. I waited three months to get admission. I called them and sent the document again and again. I was despairing of studying in Indiana. As I was waiting my brother got me an admission in other state. I received it from university of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. I had everything I needed. I made reservations for flaying and living in a hotel. Finally I went to the U. S. I started my first day in the U. S. I looked up for a place to live. My English was not that good to converse with people. That was really frustrated me. While looking for a place I got help from a girl. She was patient and smart. She understood that I wanted a small apartment. She took me to one of the rent office. She stood with me until I singed up the lease. Then she showed my apartment and the school. I well never forget her face and courtesy. She helped me when I really needed it. I hope I can get a chance to help other foreign. After founding my place I had to get ready to go to school. On the second day I was enthusiastic to start my first day at school. I woke early. I did not want to miss the first day in school. I had only one problem. I didn't know which bus I had to take. Therefore I walked for three hours. I got lost and came late to school. I started studying English the English Institute at the university. I wanted to improve my English. After finishing the Institute I will start my academic. After all those events I've had good life there. People were helpful and peaceful against I thought. It was really easy to make friendships. I've met friends are almost from around world. I've got a beautiful girlfriend from France. Now My English is getting better. After one semester of studying English I will be able to start my academic. I live in a house with friends from different countries. In conclusion I believed on my grandfather's wisdom. I just wanted to stay home and study with me friends. Go through banal daily ritual of meeting the same friends and learning things are not interesting. Don't hate something that could be good for you. I hated to be in the United States. However I realized that being in the U. S for reasons I was unknowing. I've learned many issues that I never thought I will learn them.
