The Worst Meal I Have Ever Had in My Life Fish market's meal I'll never forget. I'd rather skip all fish's meals than live through these again. By the way in my home country Saudi Arabia we usually eat seafood meals especially fish meals on Friday as a traditional custom. Also these meals are made by professional restaurants with enough quantity of fish or rice and they sell the fish using the weights. For example one kilo has at least two fishes and the price is proper to the quantity as well. In addition to that it tastes very good and you will eat like a crazy. So we missed that a lot. When I came here I asked my friends here does Pitt have seafood restaurants. My friends said of course they have but it isn't like the meals in my home country . However since I came here in Pittsburgh I had not eaten a fish meal until the moment that my wife and I were thinking our friends could be wrong or they might have not tried the right restaurant why we don't go and search for seafood restaurant that could provide meals similar to my country's meals. Therefore one day we decided to go after Friday's prayer and we went down searching for seafood restaurant. We used the navigation system to help us. Unfortunately the navigation gave us signal that said there was a seafood restaurant called 'Fish market' which is located in the downtown Westin Convention Center Hotel. We were so happy and said we did it we did it . We sat and looked at the menu. There were many kinds of fishes such as grilse red fin ruff mahy mahy Etc. Then we ordered one meal mahy and other meal red fin. We had been waiting for that for long time. We though they might have prepared an amazing meal for us. After awhile the meals were arrived and covered by a big saucer. We opened the cover what a pain We saw a micro slice of fish with a few pimple of rice which I could count. You would not imagine how the small quantity of the meal was it was like a baby meal. By the way we asked the water was this the meal or there was some thing else. He said yes this was every thing . We could eat this by one time. We decided to eat our meal anyway but we couldn't even eat one spoon because it tastes horrible. We couldn't feel by any thing No flavor at all. I don't mean the food was bland or that it needed salt. I mean it had no flavor of any kind. One solid minute of silence later I ventured Does this taste funny I said to the water. He said do you mean you like it . We laughed and I said yes you are right. We refused to eat another spoonful. After that I asked the water to bring the bill and I said to him we had to leave some thing urgent happened. When they came back with the bill one more upsetting thing which was the bill it was 70. So you couldn't imagine three horrible things in this meal which were the quantity the taste and the price. We went out the restaurant. We decided not to eat any fish meal in Pittsburgh any more. That's the worst meal I've ever had.
