Since I was little I have changed my mind of what I want to be a couple of times. By the age of 10 I had made up of my mind to be a doctor because of being a doctor could be very fascinating to work in hospitals. After I stated dreaming of being a successful doctor in the future I found that my ambition had already left. By the time I turned 15 I had not done any good things to fill the void of my life and I had been wondering my life. Then I had decided to study hard in order to get into the best senior high school. I had locked myself in a quiet place for 4 months in order to only focus on myself. I had ever thought of giving up because it had been killing me for preparing the exam for the long run and I had been cramming some of the most uninteresting subjects into my little tiny brain such as geology Chinese and history. I had been agonizing in some of unbearable materials and almost driving me nuts. Finally I had passed the exam I got into National Taipei high school is noted as the best senior high school in my country. While I was studying there I found myself that had a potential to be a mathematic. As for me numbers seemed easier to dominate than any subjects. Before the time I had never known what I was good at. As soon as I figured out my interest I switched my major from science to accounting. By 2002 I had formed planning to get all of accounting licenses. We have three different levels of accounting licenses A license B license and C license I haven't had sufficient time to get all of licenses for past three years due in part to I came to the States to study. Before I came to the States I had already gotten B license and C license. As for me counting numbers is not just fun I can usually learn something beyond the surface such as how to avoid paying more taxes in somehow legal ways violating the regulations and rules. Getting two kinds of accounting licenses I have achieved something important in my life so far. Before I turned 21 I had never thought of I wanted to be a conservation and boring accountant. You never know. If I could have a chance to rake in the dollars in my filed in the near future I would also want to be an amateur photographer or pianist. My career is not frustration to me I consciously know what to do next and I have a more positive potential attitude toward my life than before.
