Korean Men's Obligation The Military Imagine a man who is your cherished brother son or lover. He must go to the military because in his country it is mandatory even if he does not want to go. How would you feel In most countries people do not have to go to the military. However men in Korea must go to the military. Because I am a Korean I went there for two years. Many people think that men in Korea who must go to the military waste their time there and are afraid for their cherished brother son or lover to go there. However it was a valuable experience for me. Through the military service I was able to gain three worthy skills leadership independence and responsibility. The first skill which I was able to gain after I finished the military service is leadership. There are too many tasks which soldiers must carry out. That is why a soldier cannot carry out by himself and must cooperate with each other. Therefore a sergeant who is a soldier of the highest position must lead a team which consists of privates and complete tasks which the team must carry out. For example when I became a sergeant after one year and three months I had to lead my privates and order them to work to complete my tasks. When a private did not want to follow me I had to make him work. The way which I made him work was just to persuade him. At that time I persuaded many privates and realized that persuasion was the key of leadership. Because of these experiences I was able to gain leadership skill from the military. The second skill is independence. It was the first time for me to live alone without my parents. I had to do everything by myself. For example I had to wash my laundry clean my room and wake up at 6 A. M everyday. Also whenever a sergeant ordered me to work I had to finish the work by myself no matter what it was even if I did not want to work. In addition when I became a sergeant I had to do my work without anyone else's help. Nobody was able to help me because I was in the highest position at that time. While I was in the military I had to keep the two words by myself in my mind. Lastly the most important skill I learned is responsibility. In the military sergeants manage their team. If their team fails to work or makes a mistake relating to the work sergeants have to bear the responsibility for their team because they are the soldier of the highest position within the team. That is why as soon as I became a sergeant I had to take the responsibility instead of other soldiers. For instance I was an army driver in the military. If my privates were injured by a car accident I had to take them to the army hospital and take care of them. Also I had to explain the situation in front of all of the soldiers instead of the privates who had the car accident. In other words I had an important responsibility to take care of my soldiers. In Korea people who must go to the military feel desperate before they go to the military. However it is the best opportunity to grow up by themselves in the military. To summarize I could grow up because I gained leadership independence and responsibility from the military. During the military time Korean soldiers have a precious experience which they cannot experience again in their lifetime.
