No matter what kind of job that you do there must have many pressures even if just being a student. Do you think being a student is very happiness and they don't need to worry about anything In my opinion I don't think being a student will be always happy and don't have any pressures. Sometimes being a student is very tiresome. Moreover now there is more and more survey that cites many students admit that they want to suicide or they had tried to suicide. I think there are three main pressures of being a student their school grade their behaviors and their future. One of the primary pressures sources is the school grade. I think most of students agree that school grades are very important for them. And to get good grade they must be studying very hard. For example students have to spend a lot of time to studying for get good grade from test. Besides students need a lot of time and energy to do their homework. Moreover if their want get the good grade their need to pre read and review the skills and text that teach at class. Second pressure is their behavior in the class. If you can't get along with your classmates well it does really make you feel upset. Besides if your behavior is bad then your teacher and classmates won't like you. Therefore you have to distinguish what kind of behavior that you should and shouldn't do. The last but not the least pressure is student's future. You need to think what kind of job that you want to do Or what kind of things that you want to do Even more what kind of person that you want to be But most of time things aren't going well as you thought. So there will have many problems on students' future and students need to try many different ways to solve problems. In brief being a student is not so easy because students have a lot of pressures. They care about their school grade their behaviors and their future. And I believe sometimes these pressures make students feel upset frustrate and sad. Now do you still think being a student is happiness and they don't need to worry about anything I think students need to learn how to make them relax such as doing some exercises going shopping or taking a rest. Besides I also hope students are more happy and fun while they are studying.
