Being a student there are some of interesting things for me to learn but some of the unbearable things that require me to be learned. When it comes the pressures the golden life of student has reduced the fun part of being a student such as dealing with negative feelings getting good grades and working with others. In the beginning being a student has to deal with the loneness when he she first time gets into school. As an international student I always have feelings of isolation with others when I could not find a way to fit in the group. When I feel that everyone is watching evaluating or perhaps criticizing one another I feel homesick threatened and have more complicated emotional problems. No one wants to be isolated and also I do not want to treat my classmates as potential enemies. Thus I have to become more active and energetic in order to have some relationships with others that is the pressure of being an international student has to deal with. The following the pressure of being a student has to take responsibility of getting good grades. As an international student I have to focus on my studies to prevent messing around and flunking out of college at the same time I have to take minimal 12 credits in one semester. To make matter worse I do not have time to socialize with others as much as I used to because I need to donate almost all of my time on my studies. Having a fun time and avoiding my grades go down it seems an impossible mission which could be very challenge and stressful to a student especially an international student as me. Thirdly being a student can not escape to group work such as a lab of biology or chemistry For instant in the lab everyone must pair up with someone so that I suggest that no one wants to be with inactive partner or do not prepare anything before going to the lab that sort of people. And also working together requires getting involved in discussing and solving the problems. Being an international student I do not want people think that I am an air head so I have to make myself get ready each time I go to the lab. For me that could be a lot of stress taken and afraid of failing the team work. Ultimately as you can see being a student is not a smooth job even though some people may say being a student is easier and simpler than outside of sophisticated society. On the other hand being a student has to bear a lot of pressures in any kinds of situations by his her own and take care of his her own needs such as emotional problems social problems and studying problems. Therefore do you still think about being a student is as simple as adding water that effortless
