Nowadays In Korea there are several pressures of being an undergraduate student. A recent news reports said that the students of KAIST Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology one of the best universities of Korea should get average B or above grade during whole university semesters and if not they must return their educational expense that is originally supported by national scholarship to the university. This is just only one example of the trend that gives pressures on undergraduate students. It is not too much to say that being an undergraduate student in Korea means being Superman for survival . They should stand severe competitions hard studying and financial difficulty. According to a recent survey 75 percent of undergraduate students have experienced some pressures during their university life. The pressures in academic monetary and emotional aspects are the typical difficulties of undergraduate students in Korea. Many undergraduate students undergo some academic pressures when entering university. Knowledge gap between high school and university is the first difficulty that students encounter in university. Because of the new entrance examination policy most high schools removed some important parts of curriculums or made them optional. For this reason many freshmen graduate the high school without enough learning and come to a crisis failing in exams. Another academic pressure is a lot of assignments. Some assignments require them to do associated activities with other students so students should spend more time to do their assignments. Moreover students suffer from too many exams including foreign language ability tests. Because the university credits are connected directly with students' future job it is natural that students are nervous about exams. The monetary pressures are the second typical stresses that many undergraduate students have. The educational expenses of the universities are too expensive. Nowadays the cost of schooling in most private universities runs to ten thousands dollars a year. This situation leads some additional pressures like part time job and loan. Many students want to do a part time job in order to supply the expensive cost of schooling but it is not easy to get a proper part time job. There are only few positions for students and part time jobs often require so many time that it is difficult to combine studying and working. Also many students go to the bank and take out a loan in order to support the schooling. This situation is really stressful in that it continues to the future. The last stressful category is emotional field. First of all there are many severe competitions among students to get good grade and to get a good job. Many universities in Korea execute the relative grading system. Therefore even though all the students of a class gain good score only 20 of them can get A grade and 50 of them have no option but to get C or lower grade. It is very stressful system to students. Another thing to press undergraduate students emotionally is the fear for the future. In many case four years in university decide students' occupation and future life. As young men they worry about their unstable situations and hazy future. Besides this maintaining and making relationships with friends and new people also can be stressful. There can be many changes in the relationships when someone enters the university. They necessarily meet many new people and they sometimes feel difficulty how get along with them. Many people often say that the college days are the most beautiful times in someone's life. Even though these words are somewhat reasonable undergraduate school students have their own stresses. It is not easy to solve some pressures such as knowledge gap expensive educational expense and severe competitions by students themselves. The most effective way to solving these problems is to have society and school authorities approach the issues in social and political way rather than individual way. Moreover the students should do their best to overcome their pressures. All these efforts may help undergraduate students lead their college life more healthy and worthful.
