Depending on personal experience personal type and emotional concern different people have different opinions. On the one hand some people may think that there are many pressures from being a student. On the other hand other people might think that there are no pressures from being a student if comparing with bussiness working or responsibilities. However in my final judgment I have developed my own point of view as well. I consider that pressures of being a student are including three resources including tuition eximinations and assignments and study goals. Below is my discussing. First of all the first reason that can be presented to develop my position is tuition especially studing in a foreign country. During studying abroad I have to afford the tuition as well as textbook costs. On the other hand if I continued my job I would accumulate more wealth. I choose to study abroad and be a student so I also take charge of all economics pressures. I think there is no better fact than this one to illustrate my view. In addition another opinion of students' pressure is examinations and assignments. For example some students would take TOEFL or a GRE tests for applying a graduate school. Besides at the same time they also need to complete homeworks that a teacher assigns students to finish. If you can understand this case you can see my point more clearly. Last but not least not only are tuition and examinations and assignments mentioned but study goals also should be taken into accounted. To illustrate the purpose why I study in foreign area is as the same as one of my studying goals improving language abilities and pursuing professional knowledge. I have a pressure for reaching this aim. These grounds deeply support my point of view on this issue. In conclusion if all reasons and examples mentioned above are considered in my opinion studying fee homeworks and examinations and studying aims are absolutely these pressures for being a student. Of course there is also an argument to be made for the opposing position. Nevertheless for these reasons that I have presented above I believe that the great study comes from the great pressure.
