Most people have opportunity to be a student but did you ever really think about how to face your pressures before you got the certificate Students' daily ritual was not gorgeous. They had deal with a great deal of homework. If you ever studying abroad probably you know the teacher just gave you tips you acquired a lot of experience skill by your effort. There are three main pressures including writing an essay homesick problems and financial issues. First of all one of the most disgusting tasks for many students is writing an essay because it is kind of hard to organize your ideas. Each of the essays must include three main parts introduction body and conclusion. First of all there are main sentences to begin your essay. The first one hook can trigger interest with your reader. The second one is writing a thesis statement at the end of introduction. The second part is body. Each of the body has to focus on topic sentence that is more detail and specific information. The third part is conclusion the reader needs your stronger conclusion and opinion. Finally you must revise whole essay before you submit it. If the sentence is not belonging with topic you should rewrite or delete it. Even though you may spend more time to write an essay it has benefit to train us mental to become brilliant. In addition another errand task that many students worried is homesick problems. Some students claim that although studying abroad has advantages to help us independence but it is also lonely. It's hard to find a solid relationship to accompany with you. Even though you have girlfriend in your hometown when you feel frustrated it is a problem to close you and cheer you up. For this reason you are necessarily taken some time to explore interesting things. Everyone should learn arrange your free time and studying hard. Finally although writing an essay and homesick problems are not primary pressures probably the root cause is financial issues. The cost of the university is 27 000 U. S. Dollars for one year including tuition and living expenses for international students. Besides the dormitory is more a higher rent than other apartments. Also a lot of students want to have a part time job near the school to reduce their loading. Therefore being a student before having a stronger financial source is quite important. In conclusion if you just want to get a certificate these pressures may be bothering you very much. When people compare with being a student and a worker they want being a student again that it is a lots people's dream. So once you really enjoy facing these problems you will explore your potential that you never know. And you will have a happy accident!!
