It is not easy to be a student because being a student is stressful. Most students have struggle feelings from different kinds of reasons. However students do not only need to study hard but also face various problems such as heavy tution challenging assignments and tough exams and complicated social relationship. First a lot of students are stressful becasue of the heavy tution. The most popular situation is the students don't have sponcer it means their parents can't afford their tution. Therefore they need to have a part time job in order to pay their tution. But it is very tired to study and work in the same time. In the other hand the students who have this problem they can't take care well at their study. Second students can't avoid to face tough exams and challenging assignments. Students feel stressful because they don't want to fail thier class so they study hard. Even though they study hard but they still can't pass the tough exams and they feel furstrated. On the other hand students need to complete a lot of assignments. Students have to spend much time on their challenging assignments so that they can't go out to hang out with thier friends. They should study hard instead of being lazy in their assignments but it is very difficult for students to adjust thier habit. At last the complicated social relationship is also important and stressful for the students. Everyone has different personalities thus students need to alter their attitude toward their classmates. Students always have a lot of activities such as discuss the homework during the class and peer practice. So if you don't get along well with the classmates. You might feel uncomfortable in the class. In briefly being a student is stressful for these three reasons heavy tution challenging assignments and tough exams and complicated social relationship. In a word students could be face all these problems so try to find a proper solution to overcome the stressful problem finally students will enjoy their life.
