Pressure is a topicality issue everywhere in the world. The issue concerns the daily life of people. But it is really accurate in the students' environnement. Why students who seem to have less problems than other people in the society are strongly concern Is pressure inherent to school What can explain the pressure that student feel This pressure can found his sources in many ways such as the accelerate rhythm of the teachers the gap between students' purposes and their achievements and finally the high number of homeworks and assignments. The pressure can be cause by the accelerate rhythm of teachers. In fact some teachers want to achieve all the program of the semester so they go fast. Unfortunately many students can't deal with that rhythm whereas they must necessary understand the courses to succeed. Therefore they are confused and get nervous. In addition this rhythm doesn't let the students have some fun to do for they don't have free times. However they need to amuse themselves and relax. They always have to work and this situation makes them become anxious. So the accelerate rhythm of the teachers causes pressure for the students. The gap between the students' purposes and their achievements can also explain the pressure that the students suffer. Many students are really ambitious and they always want to have an excellent grade. This will imply a consequential work that makes them continuously tired and anxious. The worst on that come when they don't achieve their will of having a good grade. They become frustrated and anxious. Besides this there is the case of some students who expected to have some knowledge by attending a given program. Unfortunately for them this program doesn't encounter what they expected. Thus they are frustrated and spend a hard time to attend the program. These situations cause pressure for the students in that cases. Lots of homeworks and assignments are the most common sources of pressure for students. First they are worried as long as they have not finished their homeworks. This unpleasant situation will last until these homeworks and assignments are done. It is a situation of strong pressure. Moreover most students are anxious when they are waiting for an assignment or test. Even though they have worked hard they still think that they haven't done enough so that they feel guilty for a likely failure. They are anxious until the assignment passed. In this time they endure a pressure which will end as soon as the assignment is done. In conclusion the pressure is a big issue in the students' world. It has many sources such as the way that teachers run their program the gap between the needs of students in their works and what they really get and finally the high number of homeworks and assignments. This issue concerns much the students. What can they do to deal with the pressure of school
