The pressure of being a student Being a student abroad has several benefits and disadvantages also. My brother was a student in the us. At the beginning he was so happy to study in the state. After a while he starts to realize that he is alone. No one is with him. He wasn't taking care of his study because of that. The people are different the language is totally different and the food also is different. So he decided to go back. So I think there is a lot of pressure for being abroad student missing the family different language and culture and concern about the study and the homework's. First in my opinion I think that the most important thing everyone has to face that I will miss my family. A lot of students think that studying abroad is very fun and enjoyable. They don't know the truth that they will face. They will find it very difficult after a while of being far from the family. They will miss their home their parents and every member in their families. Second also another thing everyone will find it difficult is to see different people culture and language. They have to use to talk the same language that the people are talking. Eat the same food they eat. Also they have to live the situation that they are living. Third another thing is also every student will be worry and concerned about their study. They will think about what they are going to do in their study. Are they going to succeed or not. Are they chosen the right major . Also they will be worry about how much work they will have. Are they going to have enough time to do their homework's and go out to visit some friends I think in my opinion they will be also worry about what if they didn't had enough time to do many different things they want . Finally I think the entire student will have pressure of studying. If they want to achieve or succeed in their lives. They have to face it and they have to have the courage and avoid everything and study well achieve something good. In conclusion studying abroad has several pressure and hard difficult moments. But everyone come over it and enjoys the happy and the good moments in their life.
