Most of students have problem on how to studying an exam. And lots of students don't like exam and they also feel nerves when they preparing an exam. But this is really hard to studying an exam I think that is not as hard as you though. Here is how you can study an exam. Begin by making a schedule. And in my opinion you should do this step before two weeks of this exam. In this schedule you should decide what kind of data that you should study and which is more important and which is less important. After you pick up your data then you should allocate studying time and data and write it down. You are now ready to study the data. At this step you should have at least thirteen days for studying your data. Besides there are some tips can help you studying well. Before you studying you can scan all data that you should study from the most to the less important. Therefore you will have some idea about the data that you should learn. When you really begin studying you should begin taking notes to help you remember your data. After you done your notes you can start ask yourself '5H' question to make sure you remember the basic background of those data. Then reading those notes again to refresh your memory. Next write down a key phrase that sums up the major point of those data. And it is important to use your own words not just copy a phrase from the book. The last thing you should do is testing yourself by covering up the key phrases and seeing if you can recall those key points. Before the day of exam the best way to prepare your exam is take a rest. That is the last thing you should do developing your spirit. I think you can read some novel or listen to music even more you can go outside to do some exercise. If you want you even can take a long sleep for tomorrow exam. As you can see this is not so difficult to studying an exam if you follow these steps. There are only three steps and little tips to preparing your exam. Once you making a schedule you can easy follow your schedule to studying. And the last important step is developing your spirit. After those preparing work I believe you should have very good condition for taking an exam.
