It would be fascinating if I had a unique ability to feel Music taste words and see letters or numbers in color because life is mundane. I could enjoy twice fun while I was listening to the music speaking with others and writing my homework. First of all if I had a synesthesia to feel the music and see words in color as if Mr. McAllister experienced explosions of color all over the place it looks very beautiful that would be amazing to me. For example when I am glum for something I always feel like to listen to music in order to cheer me up. If I could see the music and the music notation is dancing in front of me I believe I would not in the sullen anymore. On the other hand I would not listen to any music while I was sleeping. It could be very disturbing to me because I would lose sleep over those notations. Or I found myself like sitting alone and deep in meditation which I could not concentrate if there had some noise around me. Secondly it exceeded my imagination if I was capable of tasting words as if Mr. James Wannerton tasted words. For him New York tastes like runny eggs. London is mashed potato. As for me when I think about New York my first thought is smelly air because I have been there and smelled the air of petroleum. London is like old church everything is quite slow over there. Suggest that I had a sense to taste words such as mom is kind heart father is logical people are cooperated ANON_NAME_0 is a pair of eyes or babies are evil else I do not know what my life would be. Some of thoughts show in a good way some of thoughts represent in a bad way. But it would be very funny when you met someone at first time. Because when you heard the person's name you would come up with an idea about that person in a bad or good way. If I had a synesthesia such as feeing music tasting words or seeing letters in color everything would be totally changed my logical or cognition and it would amuse me forever. Money can not buy happiness I suggest that people who have a synesthesia must have rejoiced in who they are even though they prefer to keep their secrets to themselves.
