Very few people pick up a pen or sit down at a computer and produce a perfect piece of writing on the first try. Most writers spend a lot of time thinking before they write and then work through a series of steps while they are composing. The final product is often the result of several careful revisions. It takes patience as well as skill to write well. However if you want to write a good paragraph or essay you should think of writing as a process involving the following steps which are prewriting writing paragraph by organizing and revising and editing. For many people the hardest part of writing is getting started. Prewriting is a way to warm up our brain before you write just as we warm up our car's engine before we drive. Following are prewriting techniques that writers use to generate ideas. Some of the methods are brainstorming clustering and freewriting. First of all Brainstorming is a quick way to generate a lot of ideas on a subject. The purpose is to come up with a list of as many ideas as possible without worrying about mistakes. The next step clustering is a visual way of generating ideas. It is a technique to show you the connections among your ideas using circles and lines. Finally freewriting is writing as much as you can when you have hard time finding a focus for a general subject. Above three steps will help you to get start writing. After you think about your topic and doing the necessary prewriting you should use several ideas from prewriting to write some paragraph to support your topic. As you draft your paragraph remember that you need to do several things. The first step when you write a paragraph or essay you need to do is to express your main point. The topic sentence is usually the first sentence of a paragraph. The next step after you have stated your point in the topic sentence you need to support it with reasons facts and examples. Your supporting sentences should be as specific as possible. The last step a good paragraph must be easy to understand. You should organize your sentences logically have the order of ideas makes sense. In addition you also need to use transitions to help reader understand how the ideas in your paragraph are connected. If you can understand above methods you may know how to write a good support body clearly. A very important part of writing is revising. You look at your writing again to see how you can improve it. Editing is the final part of the revision step. What kind of changes should you make as you revise First make sure all the sentences relate to the topic stated in the topic sentence. If you find a sentence that does not relate to the topic delete it. Second ask yourself if the sentences are arranged in a logical order. If they are not you need to rearrange them. Finally edit to check the grammar punctuation and spelling and correct any mistakes you find. As you can see it is very difficult to write a paragraph or essay. It is only a matter of time and some effort. Once you have practiced writing many times you can easily understand how to use these skills to write a good paragraph or essay.
