How to taste wine Do you know how to taste wine If you can taste wine it is easy to buy wine and the knowledge makes you much enjoy drinking wine. You need the 4 senses for your tasting sight smell taste and touch. These senses are involved in tasting wine and in that order are used. You need not think too formal or too particular. Tasting wine is easy when you follow these steps. At first for sight you need good day light north facing window clean and white surface. Tasting glass should not be washed with cleaning material you should wash it only by hot water. These condition are ideal but you need only white table cloth or white napkin to check the condition the wine in your glass. Then you look into the clarity and the color of the wine. Young red wines are purple. As the wine ages this color changes to garnet then to mahogany and eventually to brown. The second for smell the condition should be no distracting odors. You turn your glass softly and smell the bouquet of the wine. If the wine's condition is bad the smell is awful which called 'bouchonne' in French or maderised. Smelling is sometimes difficult but many experiences could help you. Soon afterward for taste you hold wine in your mouth to palate. You do not swallow it and you investigate sweetness dryness tannin only for red wine acidity weight alcohol and fruity. After a lot of experiences you might be able to judge the grapes which made the wine from. Hopefully before tasting wine you should not drink coffer or not eat curry and had better drink some water to clean your mouth. You should not smoke before tasting wine either. Then you swallow and check the touch of the wine. You should check how smooth you feel the trickling down the wine in your throat and length. After swallowing when you can enjoy the length of the wine the wine is good. At last you should pass judgment on the wine based these steps sight smell taste and touch. In such a way you find the quality of the wine and you can also find the wine is ready to drink or not matured. Wine is natural products and its taste depend on your health condition. Please do not criticize wine and you much enjoy the life with wine !
