The Pressures of Being a Student Recently the problem of students' pressures in Japan has been serious. For example last year a terrible matter happened in Nagoya in western Japan. One high school student set fire to his house to try to kill his father. The boy did not want to inform his father of his bad grad. It was a disastrous accident. Such being the case for Japanese students examinations records and their parents' expectations are grave pressures. Examinations are one of the strongest pressures for students because they take those a minimum of 5 times per year and they always worry about their examinations. If the result of them is bad they have to do a makeup. Almost students have to study for only their examinations. One of much stronger pressure is the record. The record should decide the students' universities. Job opportunities for young people without a university degree are decreasing and the university's name often decide students' future so the records are a weight on their mind. To make matters worse underachievers are left behind. As the result a lot of young people who don not graduate from university cannot find jobs and they might depend on their parents. In addition students fear parents' evaluation of them. Parents always expect too much of their children and they invest a lot of money in them. Therefore students should try to come up to their parents' expectations. Some parents are apt to overlook their children's blunders if they only study hard. Therefore some excellent students are very rude to others. The more students excel are the more their parents expect of them. It is a big pressure for them. It certainly was a serious problem also for me when I was a student though it seems petty in retrospect. However students should not succumb to their pressures because there are a lot of children all over the world who cannot study although they wish to go to school. When students think about their own situation again they should instead be thank for studying in school. In the course of time examinations records and parents' expectations are not so important. I want to say to students who suffer from these pressures they can over again even if they fail in an examination and get poor marks at school.
