No matter what kind of job you do there must be pressures even if it is just being a student. Do you think being a student is full of happiness and they don't need to worry about anything In my opinion I don't think being a student will always be glad. Sometimes being a student is very tiresome. Moreover now there are more and more surveys that report that many students admit they want to commit suicide or have tried to commit suicide. Why would these students consider suicide I think there are three main pressures of being a student school grades their behaviors and their future. One of the primary sources of pressure is the school grades. I think most students agree that school grades are very important for them. To get good grades they must study very hard. For example students have to spend a lot of time studying to get good grades on tests. Besides students need a lot of time and energy to do their homework. Moreover if their want to get good grades they need to read ahead and review the skills and text that are taught in class. The second pressure is their behavior in class. If you can't get along with your classmates well it does really make you feel upset. Besides if your behavior is bad such as laugh your classmates poor grades and then your teacher and classmates won't like you. To illustrate because you just want have fun with your friend you took your friend seat while he or she prepared to sit down the result was your friend got hurt and your teacher and your friends all very angry with you. It's not a good behavior but you didn't meat to do it. Therefore you have to distinguish what kinds of behaviors you should and shouldn't engage in. Last but not least pressure is comes from a student's future. They need to think about what kind of job they want to do. Even more what kind of person do they want to be Most of the time however things aren't going as well as they thought. For example when I was study in high school many students think being a teacher is best job but few years later we can see there are a lot of teachers they don't have job. Therefore now we should change our mind to find a new interesting instead of being a teacher. In brief being a student is not so easy because students have a lot of pressures. They concern about their school grades their in class behaviors and their future. I believe that sometimes these pressures make students feel upset frustrated and sad. I think students need to learn how to relax exercise go shopping or a rest. Maybe students will be happy and have fun while they are studying.
