Cooking Chicken Marsala When I left Venezuela and came to the United State to take my English course I never thought that I was going to fall in love with anybody. However I met a wonderful man and three months later I became his girlfriend. Since then I have just wanted to make him happy. On our first anniversary I was excited with the idea of cooking my boyfriend's favorite dish. I had never cooked Chicken Marsala before but I used to be a good cook and I thought that I could deal with it. My first task was to get the recipe and because my English was not good I thought to make my life easier and got the recipe 'in Spanish' on the internet. Little did I know that my worse nightmare was going to come true. The recipe said that one of the main ingredients was Marsala wine. When I went to the liquor store I saw a huge aisle with a vast variety of Marsala wines. I dug through the shelves but I didn't know what was the best wine for cooking my dish. In addition all of them were very expensive and I could not afford it. So I tried to get some information from the clerk and she recommended that I go to the supermarket to get the wine. In the supermarket I found only one type of Marsala wine and it was perfect cheap and the label said 'for cooking'. Also I thought that in the supermarket I could find the remainder of the ingredients. Suddenly I was facing another trouble. My Spanish recipe said that another ingredient was 'Maizena' but I had no idea what the name was in English. In addition I had not brought my English Spanish dictionary I was not able to describe the thing that I wanted and nobody could understand me. I spent two more hours in the supermarket and I just gave up using 'Maizena' for thickening the sauce. At this point I felt very frustrated because I could not communicate with anybody and I suspected that I will not get succeed with my plan. Therefore as soon as I finished my shopping in the supermarket I went to my house to start cooking the famous dish without 'Maizena'. No doubt I was annoyed because of all the obstacles that I had encountered. However I still wanted to impress my boyfriend. I recharged my batteries I took my culinary weapon and started cooking. Then I began to season the chicken put it in the pan and add the wine. While I was adding the Marsala I noticed that the smell was not right and the wine was not blending with the rest of the ingredients. Oh no!! I couldn't believe it. What else could happen to me Well I had not gotten the Maizena and the sauce seemed watery. However I finished cooking. Furthermore I knew that the flavor was not the real flavor but I thought that maybe if did a good presentation I still could impress my boyfriend. Giving a good impression was my target and to make a nice presentation of the food was part of it. I had two beautiful plates and fancy silverware as well. Therefore I was quickly creating a wonderful art because it was almost the hour for our date and I had to hurry. I was running into the kitchen when I fell down on the floor I dropped my boyfriend's plate and the chicken was on the floor. Everything was a mess. My food was spread all over the floor I did not have much time to cook another chicken breast and there was nothing that I could do. Finally my boyfriend came over and he felt all my frustration trying to do something important for him. Then my boyfriend told me wonderful words that made me feel better. After that experience I learned two lessons that I could never forget. First the name in English for Maizena is Corn Starch. Second when you want to impress somebody show your best side but you do not have to try being a different person or do something that you do not know how do. The most important person in your life is you. If you enjoy the person that you are everybody will like you.
