Many people have the opportunity to be a student but did you ever really think about the pressures you would face A student life is not always fascinating. They have a great deal of homework. If you ever study abroad probably you know that the teacher just give you tips and you acquired a lot of skills be your effort. There are three main pressures of being a student which are writing essays homesickness and financial issues. First of all one of the most disgusting tasks for many students is writing an essay because it is kind of hard to organize your ideas. Each of the essays must include three points an introduction body and conclusion. There are two important sentences to begin your essay. You can use hook to attract your reader interesting. Then you should write another sentence which is thesis statement at the end of the introduction. The second part is the body that you need to write more detailed and specific information. The third part is the conclusion that you can write your opinion or restate your main point to finish your essay. Before you submit it you should revise the whole essay. If the sentence is not connected to the topic you may rewrite or delete it. Even though you spend a lot of time writing an essay it was benefits to train us to become brilliant. In addition some students have homesickness. They claim that studying abroad has advantages to help owns independence but it is also lonely. It is hard to find a solid relationship that she will accompany you. Even though you have girlfriend in your hometown when you feel frustrated it is a problem because she does not close you to cheer you up. For this reason you need to take some time to explore interesting and make new friends. In my personal experience I'm looking for a nice place such as library or coffee shop then I can usually go there when I have free time. Finally writing essays and homesickness are not primary pressures probably the root cause of being a student pressure is financial issues. The cost of the university is 27 000 U. S. Dollars for whole year including tuition and living expenses for international students. Also many students want to have a part time job near the school to reduce their load. However if the student can find a part time job is connected to their major that will be wonderful. For example if I'll be a student here I want to be a tutor to teach Chinese. I wonder that teaching inspiration me to learning more knowledge. In conclusion when you just want to get a degree from the school these pressures may be bothering you very much. I would like you to enjoy facing these challenges you will find out your potential that you knew you had. However people compare being a student with being a work force they prefer to be a student. Eventually being a student will bring happiness as you change your mind.
