Most of the people they are busying their job. As soon as they go home they don't have enough time to prepare dinner. Although it is convenient to get food from restaurant you are not supposed to eat outside always. You can both quick and economic to enjoy your dinner at home. The consequence of eating suffer at home is that you will get more time to be accompanied by your family. There are three main steps to prepare dinner which are entree appetizing and set up the table. Pasta is kind of big food in summer. First cut the fresh tomatoes into 1 inch shapes. Second mince the basil leaves with sharp heavy knife. When it is getting ready combine them with the parmesan cheese in a large bowl and let it stand at room temperature for almost one hour before cooking the pasta. During this time you can choose your pasta such as spaghetti or medium shells. Then put the pasta in the boiling water and cook until just shy of al dente about five minutes. After that let the pasta drain well put in serving bowl. At this time immediately combine all the ingredients with pasta and stir them with low speed. Finally you can add some back pepper to boost the pasta flavor. Preparing another food is appetizing which are salads and bread. First you use a peeler to peel the carrots before slice them with sharp knife. Second cut some shallot and cumbers into a bowl. Then mix all ingredients in a bowl and boost your flavor with olive oil and vinegar. You can just buy the lettuce packaging to get great vegetables quickly like Romaince or Senta ANON_NAME_0. Finally you are ready to bake the bread with over and back them at 400 degrees for 4 minutes before set up the table. Preparing pasta and appetizing that it spend a couple time so you should get them ready first. The last step is setting up the table in your dining room. First the dinner plate is directly in front of you. Second the napkin is on the left side and the knife is on the right side. Then the water glass is in front of the napkin. In this case you will begin to enjoy dinner with your family. In summary it is not complicated to cook a delicious dinner as you buy the fresh ingredients. Once you combine the ingredients and create your favorite taste. Also you can easy to create a new dish by simple steps. Eventually when you start to cook dinner at home you will find out that your husband become to like going home.
