Nowadays in Korea there are several pressures of being an undergraduate student. A recent news report said that the students of KAIST Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology one of the best universities in Korea must get a B average during each semester or repay their scholarship to the university. This is just one example of the trend that puts pressure on undergraduate students. It is not too much to say that being an undergraduate student in Korea means being Superman for survival . They should withstand severe competition toilsome studying and financial difficulty. According to a recent survey 75 of undergraduate students have experienced some pressure during their university life. Pressures in academic monetary and emotional aspects are the typical difficulties of undergraduate students in Korea. Many undergraduate students undergo some academic pressures when entering university. The knowledge gap between high school and university is the first difficulty that students encounter. Because of the new entrance examination policy most high schools removed some important parts of curriculum or made them optional. For example high school students can choose whether they will study differential and integral calculus in mathematics or not even though they are in the science course. For this reason many students graduate high school without enough knowledge and they come to a crisis failing in exams. Another academic pressure is a lot of assignments. Some assignments require them to work together so students spend more time on assignments. Moreover students suffer from too many exams including foreign language ability tests. Because the university credits are directly connected with students' future jobs it is natural that students are nervous about exams. The monetary pressures are the second typical stressor that many undergraduate students have. Nowadays the cost of schooling in most private universities runs ten of thousands of dollars a year. This situation leads to some additional pressures like part time job and getting a loan. Many students want to work a part time job in order to supplement the expensive cost of schooling but it is not easy to get a proper part time job. There are only a few positions for students and part time jobs often require so much time that it is difficult to combine studying and working. Also many students go to the bank and take out a loan in order to support their schooling. This situation is really stressful in that it continues into the future. The last stressor is emotional problem. First of all there is many severe competition among students to get good grades and to get a good job. Many universities in Korea execute the relative grading system. Therefore even though all of the students in a class gain good score only 20 of them can get on A and 50 of them have no option but to get a C or lower. It is a very stressful system to students. Another thing to press undergraduate students emotionally is fear of the future. In many cases 4 years in university dictate students' occupations and future lives. As young men and women they worry about their unstable situation and hazy future. Besides this maintaining relationships with also can be stressful. There can be many changes in relationships when someone enters the university. They will meet many new people and they sometimes experience difficulty in getting along with them. Many people often say that the college days are the most beautiful times in a person's life. Even though these words are somewhat reasonable undergraduate school students have their own stresses. It is not easy to deal with pressures such as the knowledge gap expensive educational expense and severe competition. The most effective way to solving these problems is to have society and school authorities approach the issues in social and political way rather than individual way. Adding some omitted parts to the high school curriculum can be an example to help students by reducing the knowledge gap between high school and university. Also it might be helpful to introduce a absolute scale instead of a curve scale. The political limitation of tuition is also necessary. Above all things the students should do their best to overcome their pressures. All these efforts may help undergraduate students lead more healthy and worthwhile college life.
