Being a student we have a lot of pressures. For example I need to do a lot of homework and prepare many exams. Sometimes I must stay up all night to do them. What kind of pressures do you think students have In my opinion a lot of students have the same pressures tuition homework and grades. Some students have trouble paying their tuition because it is too expensive. Some of them choose to borrow money from a bank and others choose to find a part time job. If they choose to get a job they should know how to use their time well otherwise they might get a bad grade. For example one of my friend found a part time job to earn money to pay the tuition but she spent a lot of time on it she didn't know how to use her time well finally she got terrible grades from all subjects. Being a student we have much homework. Some homework takes a lot of time. Sometimes we even stay up all night to do our homework. If we always stay up we might have problems with our health even though we are young. Besides we might doze off in class and we can not remember what teachers teach. Furthermore if we have a lot of homework we don't have time to go outside and do some activities our life will be boring. A lot of students worry about their grades. For example if we want to enter a good college we should get good grades on exams such as the TOFUL and GMAT. If we don't want to fair our exams we must study very hard. Not only TOFUL or GMAT but the grades in school are also important. For instance when we study in ELI we must care about our grades if we get F we can not pass to next level. In conclusion I think a lot of students have many of the same stresses. How can we remove these stresses For me if I need money to pay the tuition I will study very hard and try to get scholarship if I have a lot of homework I will finish them at school if I want to get good grades I will discuss some questions with my classmates or ask my teachers. Sometimes we are tired of studying we can try to do some other activities such as exercise or go outside. Sometimes it can help us feel relaxed and clear mind. Although being a student has a lot of stresses we can't be afraid we should just try to do our best!
