Obesity and overweight threaten U. S. Health A few years ago it was issue that a U. S. Federal judge dismissed a widely watched lawsuit in which McDonald's hamburgers and french fries were blamed for children's obesity. Now Obesity become a serious social problem in the U. S. Public health. Obesity which is caused by excessive accumulation of the tissue is known as a chronic multi factorial dicease. Dr. Thorpe said Increases in the number of people getting treatment for serious health problems like diabetes heart disease high cholesterol and mental disorders are directly linked to population increases in obesity. If insurers and employers are serious about reining in health care spending then obesity prevention should be at the top of their agenda. Taking regular exercise combined with eating a healthy balanced diet is the most effective way to prevent obesity. SO some american know benefit to get habit of taking regular and enjoyable physical activity and implement it. I have run regulary for 20 years. I love running said ANON_NAME_0 who is the ELI writing teacher. However despite such positive trend the prevalence of obesity among U. S. Adults has increased dramatically in recent years at this graph. The information presented on this graph shows prevalence of overweight and obesity among U. S. Adults and its changes over time. Overweight including obese is defined as a BMI greater than or equal to 25 overweight but not obese as a BMI greater than or equal to 25 but less than 30 and obese as a BMI greater than or equal to 30 in this graph. From 1960 to 1980 overweight and obesity in all age range remain the same. Overweight and obesity for adults are 44. 8 And overweight for children and adolescen are each about 4. 5 . After that overweight for adults remain the same but obesity is increasing drastically from 1980. Eventually percentage of adults ovesity is nearly equal to overweight in 2003. Most dangerously overweight for children and adolescent is also increasing rapidly from 1980. It is a red flag warning about future of U. S. Health. I strongly believe that U. S government make strong policy higher levels of activity related to a decreased overweight and obesity or will require huge sums of money to finance public health.
