There are many pressures of being a student. Being a student has many responsibilities. Students want to get their school life without pressures. But who can say that there is a student without pressure In my opinion the pressure is part of student's life. Because student's life has many pressures even though thy try to live without getting pressures. There are there most important pressures of being a student educational environment and past pressures. First of all educational pressure is the first thing in student life. Because choosing a major getting bad grade and teachers put the student under the pressure. Getting bad grade is the worst pressure for student. In addition in the last year of high school if the student can not make a disicion about choosing major that might put the student under the pressure. Second of all environment pressures. The students need to find the best place to study and live. In my opinion the student have to like the weather city and people around them. Also people around the student can put them under the pressure. Because sometimes the student doest't want to get their ideas about students life because it can make the student confused. Also weather is important too. If the students like the weather it can make them relax and confortable for study . The third pressure is past pressure that we had seen something bad in the past. Something which is come from the past can make us upset confused and put us under the pressure. For example my brother graduated from two College and he coudn't find job for two years after he graduated. Then I felt confused myself because I thought I was not going to find a job either. For this reason I was thinking about chang my school and get new major which is I could fin job easily. And after I realized I didn't have to worry about it because My major was different than my brothers but it put me under the pressure. Finally being a student brings many difficulties such as pressure responsibility and more. The best thing to do for school life try to do best we can in the school around us and we should learn how we can get ourlife perfectly. For these reasons Who can say being a student does not have any oppression
