Lost in France by Name 1st version What a nightmare in the middle of my vacation! I had never imagined spending my time at the Police Department. I could not believe what was happening to me. Thirteen years ago I was only nineteen years old and I was traveling across France. My three best friends and I had been savoring our first travel abroad. We had been in Compi s gne resting. I supposed that I also should have been satisfied with my new gadgets but unfortunately I wanted to buy more. Oh well no sense fighting my nature I went to Paris with another of the girls Fabiana who was able to say only one single French word merci. We took the usual train and we arrived to the store uneventfully. Our problems however began when we decided to return back home. We arrived to the train station minutes later but the train had already left the station. I quickly overlooked the train schedule and bought tickets for the next train to Compi gne. Finally we got to the train and it moved on. Twenty minutes later the agent came to check our tickets. Suddenly his face changed he gave me an angry look and said You are in the wrong train . I must have stopped at the last station to take the connecting train to Compi Willy and he was a soccer player for the team of Clermont. He was excited when we told him we were Brazilians because he associated the idea of good soccer with Brazil. He tried to find a hotel for us but he was unsuccessful. French hotels close and have nobody working during the evening! The last resort for poor Willy was to call the police and ask them to help the lost Brazilian women. The police agents arrived carrying a big black evil looking german shepherd dog. The police agents thought that we could not understand any French word and began to joke about our situation and about our number of shopping bags. I became so furious that suddenly I found myself explaining the situation in very fluent French as I had never been able to speak before. Their attitude and treatment changed completely and they took us to the police station to call a taxi. Later we realized that French taxi drivers also do not work during the evening! We waited for a taxi until 6 00 A. M. At the police station. These were the reasons for which I spent some time at the Police Department. I was not in the jail. I had learned that many misunderstandings can happen if I do not dominate a foreign language. In the other hand I realized that I can speak French under pressure. Besides that I also remembered the improvement of Fabiana's French she said her favorite word to Willy and the police agents and this time she also added one more merci beaucoup!
