The Brazilian Carnival Close your eyes. Relax and try to travel to a fantasy world. Imagine for one moment big animals loud percussion music and people dressing in brightly colored costumes or quite enough with absolutely no clothes . You can suppose that you are in a kind of jungle in a middle of lions and indians but you also could be attending one of the most popular festivals in the world the Brazilian Carnival. The big animals are toys the people are guests in fancy dresses and the music is well known as Samba. The Brazilian Carnival is an annual festival with European and African origins. The most popular and televised around the world is the festival placed in the city of Rio de Janeiro but it may exhibit some differences if regional manifestations will be considered. The Carnaval as known in Brazil originally mimicked the European form of the festival. In 1845 the city's bourgeoisie imported the practice of holding balls and masquerade parties from Paris. Over time it had been acquiring elements derived from African cultures. The slaves brought the Samba music from your culture and included it at the party. Rio de Janeiro's Carnival is one of the most famous in the country and in the world. Scores of spectacular floats surrounded by thousands and thousands of dancers singers and drummers parade through the enormous Sambodromo Stadium dressed in elaborate costumes. Today the carnival is organized by the samba schools. Much more than musical groups they are in fact neighborhood associations that provide a variety of community needs such as educational and health care resources in a country with grinding poverty and no social safety yet. There are different styles of Carnival if you travel from South to North of Brazil. The Northeast has a kind of Carnival on the streets where people spent all day long dancing on the streets near to the beaches. This kind of Carnival can be celebrated for everyone and not only for people have money to pay expensive costumes in Rio de Janeiro. If you attend a Brazilian Carnival you can celebrate a festival of happiness and can know a little bit of the culture of this country.
