The Brazilian Carnival by Name Close your eyes. Relax and try to travel to a fantasy world. Imagine for one moment big animals loud percussion music and people dressed in brightly colored costumes or quite enough with absolutely no clothes . You can suppose that you are in a kind of jungle in the middle of lions and indians but you also could be attending one of the most popular festivals in the world the Brazilian Carnival. The big animals are toys the people are guests in fancy dresses and the music is well known as Samba. The Brazilian Carnival is an annual festival with European and African origins. The most popular and televised around the world is the festival in the city of Rio de Janeiro but it may exhibit some differences if regional manifestations are considered. The Carnaval as known in Brazil originally mimicked the European form of the festival. In 1845 the city's bourgeoisie imported from Paris the practice of holding balls and masquerade parties. Over time it acquired elements derived from African slaves who brought the Samba music from their culture. Rio de Janeiro's Carnival is one of the most famous in the country and in the world. Scores of spectacular floats surrounded by thousands and thousands of dancers singers and drummers parade through the enormous Sambodromo Stadium dressed in elaborate costumes. Today the Carnival is organized by the samba schools. Much more than musical groups they are in fact neighborhood associations that provide a variety of community services such as educational and health care resources in a country where poverty and personal safety are dilemmas that have not been redressed. There are different styles of Carnival that can be appreciated if you travel from the south to the north of Brazil. The Northeast has a kind of Carnival where people spend all day long dancing in the streets close to the beach. This kind of Carnival can be celebrated by everyone and not only by people who have money to buy expensive costumes like is the case in Rio de Janeiro. If you attend a Brazilian Carnival you can celebrate a festival of happiness and can learn a little bit about the culture of this country.
