A Summer Night Story I should have held my grudge against those advantage takers that pleasant summer night. While sitting peacefully on the chair of the roof I was surrounded by so called 'brothers'. Strangely those who deserved my hatred for the countless advantage taking of me during my military service were drinking and chatting with me in harmony. That night the sky was as clear and starry as my thoughts. After looking into their eyes one by one the events and people I encountered appeared in my mind. As I was stepping into the training center I was totally shocked by the harsh atmosphere. Squad leaders yelled to cast their commands to move the trainees to do everything they asked. I held my anxiety and carefully followed the troops in ranks. Without surprise there was no single hair on my head right after my putting on the uniform. Soon I started feeling the disgusting advantage taking among soldiers. That was my first lunch in the camp. My lunch that day was supposed to be a bowl of beef noodles. Unfortunately all I had was a cup of spice soup with a speckle of beef and few pieces of noodles. The food in camp is more than terrible. Furthermore I also had to take lots of physical and warfare trainings. Being an obese person despair was not exaggeration during the first stage of my military service. All I could do was try my best to hang on. Eventually the date of my transferring to a new base had come. The next stage of my military experience was being a guard of the ammunition depots. On the first training day I was assigned to regulate the storage of ammunition which means that I constantly had heavy duties to rearrange ammunition everyday. Later the job function had become the core that led to advantage taking among soldiers. Since no one wanted to do the laborious duties seniors intended to leave their work to fresh soldiers because of our lower rank. Worse yet there was also advantage taking among fresh soldiers who were supposed to help each other to overcome obstacles. I must have been too naive to believe the code of brotherhood that soldiers should help each other until I have acquired a higher rank one year later. Since being a leader of a five man squad my life in the camp had become just a little bit easier. However the fresh soldiers gradually realized that they had to truckle some backstage supporters such as captains and lieutenants in order to reduce their daily routine. From then on the situation of advantage taking was getting worse because the fresh soldiers had eventually become senior ones. Moreover coworkers of the same echelon as me even took advantage of me when we were assigned the same works. I hated the behaviors of those irresponsible people indeed but I could do nothing. In the mean time I started using my casual time to study because I did not have a Bachelor's degree. Hence I had to borrow free desk from captains or lieutenants though they did not appreciate my borrowing it every night. Finally one abominable captain seized a chance to expel me from the office while I was providing an excellent suggestion for him to solve his problems. However I realized that I have not only helped him to solve his problems but also have hurt his pride at the same time. That was the reason that he yelled At least I have a Bachelor's degree! I need no suggestion from you. Indeed that was a heart breaking moment. From then on I suddenly understood that every event happened during my military service was meaningful. Similar to an epitome of the whole society soldiers are composed of different kinds of people. If I can not be successful in the military service I probably may not be successful in the other side of the fence. I was tyrannized badly because of my low rank in the military. Likewise if I can not acquire a high social status I might have to suffer the same situation. In order to achieve that I had made up my mind to study hard to enter a university. Almost a decade had gone by I can still recall the faces the talks and the oath on that starry night.
