Home sweet home. Everyone has a home and home is everyone's shelter. Even though I don't live in an opulent house a place I am living right now it is a home away from my home. I don't have to wear properly behave properly in public and I am able to do whatever I want. How I feel of my home can be classified into two categories how I like my home and how I dislike my home. First of all I feel good in my home is that no matter what kind of things bring me down after I get home my stress always goes away immediately and I can totally be myself. For example the day before yesterday I went to the TOEFL website to look over my score and then I found out it was pretty low. I didn't allow myself to cry in front of everyone at school even though my low score had already taken away my breath by that time. After I went home I couldn't hold myself anymore I was crying out loud for a long time. My roommate was trying to cheer me up and tried to find out where I went wrong of my test. Home makes me feel so good for not hiding myself when I am at home. Second of all the things I dislike my apartment are that I can't decorate my apartment because I rent it. For instance I can't tear down the carbonates of my kitchen and throw them out to buy new ones instead. I don't like the curtain of my room because the color doesn't fit my room and it is too dark. I should have gone to IKIA to pick out some curtains I like to light up my room but my landlord says I have to return the apartment back in the same condition as before she rents to me. On the other hand I've tried out some ways to adorn my apartment such as changing the toilet seat growing some plants and hanging up some pictures in the living room. However home really comes through for me and it always stands there for me. When I am in a foul mood I always feel comfortable when I get home. When I am tired of being out all day along I have always had a place to sleep over. Besides it really turns me off for not having the right to decorate my apartment.
