Pressure in being a high school student in Korea is inevitable problem. According to the research of the Ministry of Education more than 200 high school students died of suicide by pressure in 2006. There are several reasons of pressure. Among them are friends grades and making a decision of their future. Many students get a pressures in be a high school student. First making friends is one of the pressures during their school life. Some passive students do not make a friend and cannot get along with other friends either. So they usually keep to themselves. Second reason is that grades are very important for students. Parents want their child to get a good grade. Since they have a lot of tests and a lot of quizzes they do not have enough opportunities to enjoy their free time. As is usual ordinary people regard good grades as good student regardless of personality special ability and attitude. For example when I as high school student I had the friend who was interested in music and good at playing the piano but teacher did not consider his special ability so teacher said you have to study hard to go to the good university . It will become a stress for student. Last of all the old at 18 is too young to make a decision about future. Before graduate from high school they have to decide whether will learn practical skill get a job or apply to university. But when they decide they are just 18 years old. Actually they don't know what is cut out for them and their aptitude which choice is better and what they have talent for. They cannot make a decision based on logic. In making a decision about future they rely put on logic but on impulse. Because 15 freshmen in university today drop out of school and look for new life. Therefore although they decide what they are going to do they cannot assure that choice will be right. They must worry about their choices. In conclusion high school students in Korea suffer from pressure related to friends grades and making a decision. Who is responsible for and who can help them It is not only the students own problems but also educational systems problems. In my opinion the way to reduce a stress from three reasons that Ministry of Education make a rigid politics of consultant system to solve them. Also students have to endeavor to fine and develop their aptitude for making a decision for their future.
