Being a student there are some interesting things me to learn as math and art but there are some things I still need to learn such as geology and ecology. When it comes the pressures the golden life of student has reduced the fun part of being a student. The pressures of being a student can be divided into three groups dealing with negative feelings getting good grades and working with others. In the beginning a student has to deal with the loneliness when he she attends college. As an international student I always have feelings of isolation when I con not find a way to fit into the group. When I feel that everyone is watching evaluating or perhaps criticizing one another I feel homesick threatened and have more complicated emotional problems. No one wants to be isolated and also I do not want to treat my classmates as potential enemies. Thus I have to persuade myself to be more active and energetic in order to have some relationships with others and that is the pressure of being an international student. Second of all a student has to take responsibility for getting good grades. For example as an international student I have to focus on my studies and prevent messing around and flunking out of college. At the same time I have to take a minimum of 12 credits in one semester. To make matters worse I do not have time to socialize with others as much as I used to because I need to spend almost all of my time to my studies. That kind of nerdy life can be petty mundane and also it will destroy my learning interests in no time. Having a fun time while avoiding falling grades seems an impossible mission to me. Thirdly a student cannot escape to group work such as biology lab or chemistry lab. For instance in the lab everyone must pair up with someone and everyone wants to find someone who is intelligent or easy to get along with. Also no one wants to be with an inactive partner or do not prepare anything before going to the lab that sort of people. Thus working together requires getting involved in discussing and solving the problems. Being an international student I do not want people to think that I am an airhead so I have to get myself ready each time I go to the lab. For me as working together with someone that can be lots of stress taken and I am afraid of failing to establish a connection with my partner. Ultimately as you can see being a student is not a smooth task even though some people may say that the student life is easier and simpler than the sophisticated society. On the other hand a student has to bear a lot of pressures in many kinds of situations such as emotional problem social problem and studying problem. Therefore do you still think being a student just goes to school takes tests and gets good grades that easy
