Imagine a 1000 ton block falling on your head and it would feel like a lot of pressure against your brain a lot of students also suffer from this. It is not easy to be a student because being a student is stressful. Most students struggle but for different kinds of reasons. Students do not only need to study hard but also face various problems such as expensive tuition challenging assignments and tough exams and complicated social relationships. First a lot of students are stressed because of the expensive tuition. The most common situation is when students don't have a sponsor it means their parents can't afford their tuition. Therefore the students need to have a part time job in order to pay their tiution. At this point it is very difficult to study and work at the same time. Thus the students who have this problem can't do well at their studies. Second students can't avoid facing tough exams and challenging assignments. Students are confused because they don't want to fail their classes so they study hard. Even though they study hard maybe they still can't pass the tough exams. Therefore they feel frustrated. Students also need to complete a lot of assignments. Students have to spend much time on their challenging assignments so that they can't hang out with their friends. They should study hard instead of being lazy but it is very serious for students to adjust their habits. Lastly the complicated social relationships are also stressful for students. Everyone has different personalities thus students need to alter their attitude toward their classmates. Especially studying abroad is a situation you could meet international classmates so you could find the learning culture is not the same in class. Students always have a lot of group activities such as discussing the homework during class and peer practice. So if you don't get along well with your classmates you might feel uncomfortable in class. In brief being a student is stressful for three reasons expensive tuition challenging assignments and tough exams and complicated social relationships. In a word students could encouter all these problems so it is important to try to find a proper solution and to overcome the stressful situations. For example have a student loan pay attention to the teachers in class and be open mind toward students' life finally students will enjoy and love their students' life.
