The responsibility of Students is learning new knowledge. Depending on personal experience and age being a student have many pressures. On the one hand some people may think that there are many pressures from their parents. On the other hand others might think that there are no pressures when compared with work responsibilities. However I consider that being a student has many pressures and these pressures can be separated three parts economic pressures examinations and assignments and adapting to new environment. First of all one of the reasons that can be presented to support my position is an economic pressure especially when studying in a foreign country. While studying abroad I have to be able to afford the tuition as well as textbook costs. If I continued my job I would accumulate more wealth. On the other hand living in the United states is also a big cost. I need to rent an apartment of course this cost including an Internet fee and laundry fees. Moreover I also have to buy a number of foods every weekend for eating enough one week. Whatever I choose to study abroad and be a student so I also take on these economic pressures. In addition another reason of students pressure is examinations and assignments. For example taking the TOEFL test is to attend to graduate school. I have to finish a large amount of studying materials and examinations everyday and deeply review the faults or mistakes to prevent myself from making mistakes again. Besides I also need to complete all homework of five courses at ELI that a teacher assigns students at the same day. The worst situate is that I sacrifice my value time to prepare English test instead of enriching or understanding American culture or native life. Last but not least not only are tuition and examinations and assignments mentioned but adapting to new environment also should be taken into account. To illustrate before I came to the United states I have never been to American. The difference in the life style between Asia and American is very large. I have to adapt to American native life including eating styles opening a bank account where I can buy food or clothes and so on. For a foreign student many details about living imperceptibly become my pressures. In conclusion if all reasons and examples mentioned above are considered economic pressures homeworks and examinations and adapting to new environment are pressures of being a student. For these reasons that I have presented above I believe that with great study comes great pressure.
