Pressure is a topical issue everywhere in the world. The issue concerns the daily life of people. It is especially accurate in the students' environment. Why students who seem to have less problems than other people in the society are highly concerned Is pressure inherent to school What can explain the pressure that students feel This pressure can find his origins in many places the pace of the teachers the gap between students' goals and their achievements and finally the high number of assignments and the large amount of homework. First the pressure can be caused by the pace of the teachers. In fact some teachers want to finish all the entire program of the semester so they go fast. Unfortunately many students can't deal with that rhythm whereas they must understand the material to succeed. Therefore they are confused and get nervous. In addition this pace doesn't allow them to have some fun in their free time. However they need to amuse themselves and relax. They always have to work and this situation makes them become anxious. So the pace of the teachers causes pressure for the students. Second the gap between the students' goal and their achievements can also explain the pressure that the students suffer. Many students are really ambitious and they always want to have excellent grades. This need imply a consequential work that makes them continuously tired and nervous. The worst comes when they don't achieve their goal of getting a good grade. They become frustrated and depressed. Besides this there is the case of some students who expected to be able to attend a given program. For example some believe in their abilities to study mathematics. They are disappointed when they have to face at the fact that this program is harder than they expected. Thus they are frustrated and spend a hard time to attend the program especially when they are not willing to drop their choice. These situations cause pressure for the students in these cases. Third lots of homework and assignments are the most common sources of pressure for students. They are always worried as long as they have not finished their homework. This unpleasant situation will last until these homework and assignments are done. It is a situation of strong pressure. Moreover most students are anxious when they are waiting for an assignment or test. For example when a test is scheduled the students are not sure to do well at this test until the test day. Even though they have worked hard they still think that they haven't done enough so that they feel guilty in the face of failure. They are anxious until the assignment is passed back. During this time they endure a pressure which will end as soon as the assignment is done. In conclusion pressure is a big issue in the students' world. It has many sources such as the way that teachers run their programs the gap between the desires of students and what they achieve and finally the large amount of work. This issue concerns the students much. What can they do to deal with the pressure of school My advices for them are to try to enjoy learning and be confident. It this way they will find school as interesting as playing a game.
