There are lots of kind athletics in the world. And the type of athletics can be divided into three groups according to what the players use on their games such as ball sports running sports and aquatic sports. First of all we can think about ball games or sports like soccer and basket ball. Of course players use the ball. For example as we know soccer is one of the most popular sports in the world. Among the two teams the team which succeed more goals during ninety minutes and extra minutes will win the game. Each team consists of eleven players and there is one break time after forty minutes have gone. Another the ball sport is basket ball. It is known well that basket ball sport players of U. S are very strong and the quality of the game is much higher than any other countries in the world. Each team has five players and it is possible to use break time whenever the coach wants during the playing time. The interesting thing is soccer players can't use their hands at all but basket ball players should use only their hands although they are both ball sports. Secondly I'd like talk about running sports. For instance marathon and short running race like 100m racing game. Both of them players use their physical abilities. The marathon race is very long 42. 195Km so the players should control their physical condition to finish the marathon race. And they need sustaining power as well as speed. On the other hand short running race players don't need the sustaining power. They always challenge human's speed limit. So most significant abilities for racing player are speed and flexibility because they have to start as quickly as possible. There are different things between marathon and short race and they are sustaining power and speed. Thirdly the aquatic sports use the water. If they don't play in the water it will be another kind of sports. One illustration is swimming. It is the most well known sport in aquatic sports. The swimming players wear very thin and scientific swimming wear to improve their speed in the water. Many players have a race at the same time and the quickest player will win. There are many kinds of races in the swimming game such as 50m 100m and 1500m. And there are four kinds of play types like free style back stroke breast stroke and butterfly stroke. Another example of aquatic sport is synchronized playing. Players should be gotten both beautiful score and technical score by indicators during three to five playing times. So the player who gets the highest score will win. It looks like skating or aerobic exercise if they don't play in the water. In conclusion according above this types of athletics could be classified into three kinds ball sports running sports and aquatic sports.
