Writing the classification essay Types of students You want to have a happy life you should master much knowledge. If you don't have enough knowledge today you should study in the school and become a student. So you must choose the different types of schools you would become different type's student. As we know according to the different ages and culture of students the types of students are divided into three types the primary student the middle school student and the college student. The first type of student is the primary student who is youngest. When you are 6 years old you should study in grade 1 in the primary school by the law in China. There are 6 grades in the primary school. The age of the students is usually from 6 to 12. You would study the basic knowledge. For example you major in native language foreign languages math music gym drawing and science but the knowledge is relatively simple. Through studying it could make you know daily life knowledge and the use of basic language. So it is important for you to make the strong basis of the knowledge in the primary school. The second type of student is the middle school student who is younger. After graduating from the primary school you should go to the middle school. There are 6 grades in the middle school which is divided into two periods junior middle school and high school. When you are in the junior school you should receive the secondary education and begin to study some subjects such as chemistry physics secondary math and native language and foreign language which are more intricate for you to study than them in the primary school. Especially there is the most important period in the high school because you should pass the college entrance exam after graduating from the high school. During the high school it is tough for you to study for the college entrance exam and there is too much homework to do every day. When you succeed in the college entrance exam you can enter the college. The third type of student is the college student who is young and receives the high education. It is divided into two groups the undergraduate and grad student. Fist of all when you become an undergraduate at a four year college or university you would major in some field such as math biology chemistry physics literature history economics music. When you graduate you would receive a degree probably a B. A. Or B. S. Depending on your major. If you who continue your study after graduation are in graduate school you are a grad student. You are in a master's program or a doctoral program. After two more years you would receive a master's degree probably an M. A. M. S. M. B. A. Or M. F. A. If you attend for three or more years you would get a Ph. D. This is the highest university degree. In addition there is spare time that you could attend in college or university such as a short term or evening university. Today it is rapidly developing age in the science and technology you must master enough knowledge in order to keep up with the times and you could work well in the society. So you should unceasingly study and you would choose one type in accordance with different characteristics of above those types. In general when you become a college student including undergraduate and grad student you would have a bright future after graduating.
