Name Name Date Oct. 23 2007 Topic Types of students School is a small society. Students are the majority in schools. Every student has his her abilities and potential for learning. Students can be classified into three groups genius normal students and below average students. First some students have an unusually high level of intelligence as we said they are genius. They have special gifts that make them have higher understanding to learn new skills. For instance they learn new skills quickly and they are very talented on learning without spending too much time instead they do have spare time to think about and figure out new theories inventions or puzzles. For example Einstein was probably the greatest mathematical genius of all time that equations of special relativity E mc2 is the incredible theory in the world. Newton figured out the gravity theory and created Newton's law of motion. Therefore they always have the ideas that normal people can not think of. Second most of students are in average and normal that means they have the same IQ or level on learning abilities. Only they work hard to improve themselves to achieve their goals. For example these students put the certain amount efforts to get better grades. In addition the more you work harder the more feedbacks you got. These students barely have fancy ideas in their heads. On the other hand they are down to earth such as if you want to get good grades or good performance at your academic work you have to plan on daily study. However it is possible for them to have excellent academic scores if they do work hard. Lastly a few students have disabilities on learning and they are usually below average. Some of them truly are mental challenged that they can not learn skills very well. For instance people with Alzheimer's disease have lower mental demand and they can not think properly. However those learning disabilities students often have a big heart and patient on education. On the contrary some students who don't have any learning disorders but they can not accomplish learning. The possible reason is they are just being lazy to learn and discover knowledge. They have lower learning desires to enhance themselves. Overall these three kinds of students genius normal students and below average students are we normally we can see in schools.
