My Frustrating Trip I had never thought I could go aboard with my poor English before. However it happened a half year ago. That was my first time to go aboard. I had spent my last hour in Thailand with my family in the Bankok International Airport. Then I had gone to the departure lounge with a carry on and a backpack one hour before departure time. When I was waiting I noticed that people around me were all foreigners. I kept worrying about what I was supposed to do if I got lost in other airports or wanted to order more food on a plane. After getting on the plane I realized that my long frustrating journey had just begun. While being on the plane I kept thinking about sentences to flight attendants. Every time they passed me I pretended that I was reading a book or watching a movie. When lunch time began I couldn't avoid it anymore. I flew on a Japanese airline on which I had to choose menu for my lunch. Of course there were all Japanese cuisines. A flight attendant asked me in English what I would like to order but I stammered. Fortunately she was Thai and asked me in Thai so I could order what I wanted. Before landing there were some instructions about immigration and declaration in English and Japanese. I didn't understand them at all. I positively thought that may be because of a Japanese accent of the speakers which made me not understand. After landing I had to change planes and get a new boarding pass. At that time I followed others and looked around anxiously. I held my instruction which my sister had sent me by email and followed others along a passageway. Thankfully I thought that I wouldn't go aboard without these instructions. However it didn't cover everything. I needed to find a check in counter to get a boarding pass. I followed others until meeting a shuttle train and took this train from one building to another. This train was very crowded. After having a small space for standing somebody pushed me inside to make his space. I looked like ham in a sandwich while the train was moving. Eventually I reached the counter and got a new boarding pass. After that I had to go back to a former building by a shuttle train again but there were only a couple people this time. When arriving at the building I still had two hours left. I found some food and enjoyed the airport view simultaneously. After that I deliberately waited to board in front of the boarding gate and then got on a new plane. On this plane I had a seat beside an Asian woman. I didn't know where she came from but I felt that her English was as poor as mine and it seemed to me that this was her first time also. During the departure time there were instructions with fast paced English. Despite having a native accent I couldn't catch anything from those instructions. I solely recalled doing the same as my last time. My frustration happened again when I needed to ask for my drink. I couldn't catch any words except water and Coke. From then on I only asked for water and Coke from the flight attendant. After 15 hours on the plane I was in the Chicago Airport. I needed to go to immigration and change planes again. Also I had to load my luggage at another place. On this trip I had two heavy suitcases with me. One was 66 pounds and another was almost 66 pounds. I used a cart to help me carry both of them. I tried to put a suitcase on a cart several times but I couldn't because it kept moving. I looked around to find some help but nobody was near me. Finally I could put both of them on a cart loaded them and looked for my sister's boyfriend. He studied in Chicago and my sister told him to take care of me but I didn't see him. At that time I didn't have a cell phone or coins to make a call. Eventually I went to the exchange counter to buy a phone card and called him. After I saw him he helped me and brought me to a check in counter. From then on I had to go alone again. I kept thinking that this long trip was almost finished and then went to a departure lounge. I waited for the departure time for a while and got on a small plane to Pittsburgh. It took 2 hours from Chicago. After it landed I walked along a passageway and saw my sister and her friend. I was very glad that this journey was done and I could come to the US by myself without any troubles. For my next trip I hope that I will have a smooth journey and enjoy a variety of food and drink on a plane.
