How to annoy my parents can be a big challenge to me because my parents are very patient to me and they like to lecture to me instead of punishing. I have still found my way about what annoy them and make them lose their temper. To make my parents mad at me can take three steps what they want me to do what they dislike me to do and how to make them burst on the top. First of all before I came to the US I had been living with my parents for a pretty long time. I know my parents' personality well. My father is a man with a few words and serious but moderate temper. My mother takes compassion on sufferers soft spoken and amiable. They are both strict to me and have the expectation to me due to they want me to be a well educated person. At this point they sent me to study abroad was to broaden my horizons because that will be of the great benefit to my life experience. Next thing how to annoy my parents is by doing the opposite things despite the fact they want me to do. I can not get their attention by talking back or being a potty mouth because they are too busy to spend time with me. The only way I can get myself to run into troubles is to skip as many as classes I want. For example each time I cut school my teacher always called my parents to find out where I was. After they realized I was with a bunch of drop out students they started taking to me about my unpleasant behavior. As a result skipping classes can be the best way to draw their attention to me. Moreover there are two ways that I am assure I will make them burst on the top is to avoid listening to them and stay out late with bad companies without saying a word. Because I have already gotten my parents' attention by absenting classes I am sure that my parents soon begin to feel fatigued of me and want to talk into me to behave myself. Consequently I keep on doing whatever I want to do I suggest my parents' patience with me have already run out at that time and I will make myself into the biggest trouble I have ever had. However annoying my parents is not technical difficulty to achieve only if I follow the steps what they want me to do doing the opposite they want me to do and keeping doing to make they lose their temper. If I constantly do things as being an unstable careless rebellious immature person for my age my parents who hope me will have a bright future will not stand it and watch me to go down.
