A Place I Will Never Forget I have never seen such a great swimming gymnasium in my youth. I loved to swim and spent most of my free time there during my stay in Beijing no matter hot summer or cold winter. Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium is a wonderful place for recreation and exercising. I will never forget the deep impression it was in the first time I went to there. There are several great events that left me deep impression and let me never forget this great place. The first thing was that happened in 1990's. It was fall. I went to Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium. Arriving at the door of Olympic center a large A shaped building was standing on the ground of the Olympic center. It was the gymnasium which hosted the swimming competition of the 1990 Asian Games. I walked around about 15 minutes got to the door bought the tickets and stepped into the door. There were four pools in the gymnasium. Can you imagine how did they look like The four pools were as follows a standard pool which was 25 meters wide 50 meters long and 3 meters deep an exercising pool which was 12. 5 Meters wide 50 meters long and 1. 5 Meters deep a warming pool which was 9 meters wide 12 meters long and 1. 2 Meters deep and also had a great diving pool which was 25 meters wide 25 meters long and 5 meters deep. It was so great it was the largest in the Asia at that time. I have never seen so many great pools in one gymnasium. From then on I spent most of free time there. It was so convenient for exercising. I usually swim about half hour in a shallow pool 1. 5 Meters deep for warming and then move to swim about one hour in the deep pool 3 meters deep . After that I would took a hot water shower a cold water shower then back home. Lately it was a cold winter. Almost every day except days I worked overtime no matter how windy or snowy the lifeguard can always find me at swimming. So we have got acquainted and became good friends later. I have learned that he was one of the first class athletes of the national swimming team and had got many gold metals. After knowing that I worked at a national institute he told me that I should keep swimming to help me get energy. He gave me a lot of help. He usually pointed out my wrong postures of swimming and told me a lot of skills. During that period my swimming skills had acquired a significant progress. I always remembered the gymnasium because during that period I was very strong and in very good shape. The second thing was that happened around 2001. It was a hot summer. I was a little upset. The swimming competition of 2001 World University Games was held in the Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium. The swimming pool did not open for the public so I couldn't go to there to swim. That's my favorite place to swim and I couldn't meet my good friends there. The last thing that let me never forget the gymnasium would be the 2008 Olympic Games. Now 2008 is coming soon. The Summer Olympic Games will be held in beijing and the swimming competition of 2008 Beijing Summer Olympic Games will be held at Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium. It's really a great place. Although I cannot swim in the pool now I really want to swim in that pool again. Finally I want to tell all of you that Yingdong Swimming Gymnasium is really a wonderful place where I have spent lots of time. There are several great events that happened and will happen at there the 1990 Asian Games the 2001 World University Games and the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympic Games. I will never forget its great buildings convenient conditions for swimming and meeting good friends. It's a place I will never forget.
