The Real Value of My House Do you live in your own house If you live in your own house you must be a lucky person. When I was in my country Korea I had never worried about housing because I lived with my parents. After I came to the U. S I had to manage to find a house by myself. Fortunately as soon as I arrived in the U. S I was able to live with an American family. However I was very nervous whenever I came back home from school because the neighborhood was dangerous. Eventually I decided to move out and had to find a new house. At that time I thought that it was easy for me to find a house. However I could not find my apartment and house easily unlike my expectations. When I realized that I had no house to stay my eyes were getting darker. Also while looking for a new house I had to go through pain. First when I decided to move out from the house which I lived I had to find a new house. That is why I started looking for a homestay because I wanted to live with an American family to improve my English skills. Fortunately as soon as I applied to a homestay company I was able to get a homestay house. Also it was very close to school. In my case I was absolutely lucky so I was very happy. The day before I was supposed to move in I packed my luggage and finished preparing the move in. However that night the homestay host suddenly had a heart attack so he had to go to the hospital. At that time I was in a panic. I could not believe that I did not have a house. Where would I sleep after tomorrow Would I have to sleep on the subway or in a street No I couldn't! At that time luckily one of my friends let me live in his house. While living in his house I had to find a place to stay again. Hopefully I found an apartment which was close to school when I was searching the internet. I called the apartment's host. He permitted me to live there because the host had to go to another city as soon as possible. Because I was able to have my house I was really happy. I started to pack my luggage again as I kept whistling. After that I called the host. However the host did not answer the phone. I tried to call him again but he never answered the phone. What happened to me Something must have been wrong. I could not believe it! He might have changed his mind but I did not have enough time to blame him for changing his mind because I had to find another house. I started looking for another house or apartment. From then on I did not care any more whether the house was close to school or not. I just wanted to live in my house. When I saw a leaflet about a house sublet in school I called the host. The host wanted to meet me so we made an appointment. However this time I did not pack my luggage because I guessed that I would have experienced a situation like last time. After all my guess was right. He did not show up at our meeting place. At that time I was very frustrated and sad. What should I do Will I be homeless I really wanted to go back to my house in my country. Suddenly my phone started to ring. My friend called me and wanted to show me a house in which his friend lived. I met his friend as soon as I hung up the phone. Fortunately he permitted me to live in his house. I immediately contracted with him to live there. Also he was so kind and the house was close to the school. Finally my unfortunate story had a happy ending and I was able to live in my house. I really appreciate my roommate and my friend who introduced me to him. If my friend had not introduced him to me I would have slept in a street or on the subway. Now I live in my apartment happily. There is nothing more valuable than the house for me. I will never forget the hard time. Also I hope that other international students will not experience the suffering of finding a place to stay.
