Brugge's angel When people who were traveling in the unfamiliar environment are facing to the new situation and strangers they are easy to be frightened or begin to doubt them. Of course it is very vigilant attitude to be prudent. However being aside from the doubt may bring you unexpected good luck. What is your expectation when you travel somewhere You can imagine sightseeing as much as possible meeting good people or eating several kinds of gourmet food. If you are satisfied by one of the above examples the place will be unforgettable. Moreover if good luck happens beyond your expectation you must hold that memory in your mind for a long time. Here is my unforgettable story from Brugge Belgium. The time was around 6AM when I arrived at the train station in Brugge. I was traveling around Europe by myself. I had visited several Western European countries and left German on the previous day. Though I was sleeping in the sleeping car of the train I felt a little tired due to the long time's travel and early arrival. However the view of the city looked so great and I was sitting in front of the station as I was thinking about my schedule in the city. At that time two girls started to talk to me they introduced themselves and said that they came from Ecuador and were travelers like me. Because of passing through many countries and meeting several travelers during my trip I was also familiar with the situation of meeting friendly strangers. Above of all I knew that travelers could help each other and sometimes be very close friends. We started talking about our travels and after a while they asked me where I would stay in the city. Actually I was just going to search for a place to stay. They said that they were supposed to stay in a house which was introduced to them by their catholic church and suggested that I went there together. After I hesitated a while I agreed to go there with them. While we were talking more a car arrived near us and a kind looking old gentleman got out of the car. He was the man whom they were supposed to meet there. We introduced ourselves and got in his car. He was so nice and carried a small memo pad. On the memo pad there were the summaries of greetings in lots of languages. Later he started guiding us around the city. Though I was a little puzzled by the unexpected situation I already was the kind of traveler whose intuition was developed according to one's itinerary and decided to follow my feelings. The city Brugge was a very beautiful city with several canals running between the delicate architectures. Even though I saw more than ten cities in Europe before visiting there it was coming to my heart as a city which made me feel happy due to the warm and friendly atmosphere. Thanks to the old gentleman we looked at most of the city's charming points in a day and took a rest in his guest room. On the next day I gave him a postcard I had written the night before with appreciation because meeting him in the city was unexpected good luck to me and I wanted to express my thanks to him. After reading my card he showed me his visitors' book. I was surprised at the volume of books he had more than ten volumes of books on his bookshelf. At last I found he was a pastor in a Catholic church and always sincerely invited foreign travelers to his house to serve them. There were countless appreciations written in several languages in the books. Moreover he thanked me with a present to express appreciation. I had to leave the city in the afternoon. He went to a station to see me off and gave me a snack package some bread and fruits with his blessing. Upon getting on the train I was very sorry to leave the city as if I had stayed for a long time and was drowned in tears. Nowadays I sometimes recall the memory of the pastor and Brugge. Although I can not remember his face exactly his words are in my mind vividly. Every visitor is a special person God sent to me you are also the one God sent to me so I'm happy to serve you.
