My Special Place Optima What do you think when you hear the word car Do you imagine sports car or just the functions I think that cars are very convenient and necessary in our life to transport us wherever we want to go. Furthermore it is better to have a good car if you want to meet a nice girl. The more expensive it is the more girls are interested in you. They might think that you are rich or a person of great capacity. However I never knew before that a car has many other functions than I thought. In addition I didn't know how close and how a great part my car was in my life when I met my girlfriend. It was not only for convenience in transportation to get us together it was more than I expected. After my girlfriend and I had our first met in a club we decided what we were going to do on our first date. We discussed many things to do for example going to dinner watching a movie or going to drink coffee. Eventually we decided to drive to a place named Hang Kang Park which is beside the Hang Kang River. It had a nice view especially at night and was a good place to rest and have fun. In fact we were not driving alone we had a dog with us. It was my girlfriend's dog Neo who is a British Cocker Spaniel. He was bigger than the usual Cocker Spaniel and very active. While driving to the park I had the feeling that an unusual date would begin because I had never a date with a dog before and even never my first date in a park. Finally we arrived at the park and took a walk with Neo. While we were walking through the park we had an interesting talk together. I found out that she was a student like me and came from another province to study in a university. We discovered a lot about each other. After we walked we decided to go back to our car. Actually I thought we should go to a ship at the river where a romantic bar was instead of the car. However I realized that it was impossible to enter the bar with Neo. We got to the car and closed the windows. It was October and the night was pretty cold. I turned the CD player on to relax. I was glad that she loved my music that I burned the day before. We listened to the music and enjoyed the view. That night the view was fantastic. Because of the fact that we parked at an excellent place we were able to see boats over the river and light from houses from the other side of the river. Stars were shining. At the same time Neo slept on the back seat without interrupting our first date. With this fantastic atmosphere we were able to talk through the night until morning. We didn't feel the time passing. As soon as the sun rose we ate breakfast together in the park. Then we drove to school. Since her school in longer distance than my school I lent her my car to go easier to school. We drove to my university and then I let her go with a promise to see each other after our classes finished. I was very tired but even more excited about the day we experienced together. I couldn't wait for our next date. After school we went to eat dinner. We drove to a restaurant and ordered some food that we were going to eat in the park. We drove to the park again to eat our dinner. The distance to get anywhere was no problem for us. We just needed fuel to continue our date in the car. After we ate we decided to sleep a few hours because we were too tired. We slept in our car until we had to see a movie. Of course we drove to a drive in movie theater instead of a usual movie theater. It was much better to watch it in the car than I used to watch before. That same day we were together in the park again and continued until the next morning. However in morning we had to go home to wash up and changed our clothes but we didn't want to be separated. Eventually we decided to go to her house to wash up and to go to a department store to buy some clothes for us. We hurried our shopping and tried on what we bought in our car. It was not convenient to change our clothes in a car but it was funny. The limited space was never a problem for us. It helped us more to get closer than before. We enjoyed our unusual dates until we had our first fight. After a few weeks we had our first fight while we were continuing these car dates. I realized that the limited space was not always good for us. While having our car dates we fought a lot too. . I heard the car door slammed many times after we fought and saw many times the back of the car that drove fast away. Because of the fact that she jumped me up in front of my house and drove fast away. I had to see many times the back of my car. This hurt a lot. The wonderful fact is that I could feel my girlfriend's mood when I saw the car. She was a good driver but if she was angry she drove very dangerously. The car reflected her mind. Finally after we rented a house to live together our time in the car decreased naturally. However we tried to have our car dates whenever we had a chance. We couldn't forget the beautiful days in our car. We agreed that this time was the best time we ever had. Of course my fixed idea about cars had changed. I never thought that a car is just for a transportation or convenience. It was really more than I expected.
