It is difficult to classify the students in a few types because maybe there are as types as students it means that each student is different and unique if we compare from the rest. But a good way to do it can be seeing their scores or grades. In this sense the students can be divided into three different types excellent good students bad horrible students and unclassifiable students this type will be explained later . The first type is the good or excellent students. Of course this kind of student gets the best grades every time in every class or subject. They always have the homework ready and they really do not seem to have problems or unpleasant surprises. But in this group you can also separate them into two different subgroups. The first one is the one that involves excellent students but also with a great character. They are humble and they try to help other classmates in the best way they know. Their attitude in class is participative and they allow the rest of the class to participate too. The second subgroup is the people who are smart and work hard but their character fails. It means that they are absolutely proud of themselves or what is worst they suck up to the teacher and try to show themselves like a wonderful student. Those who are too much proud try to dominate the class and they can be a big problem for the learning of the rest of the students. The second type of students is the bad or horrible students. It is a real fact that they are more than it should be. These students do not do homework their grades are poor and the improvements are insignificant. Their attitude in class is annoying and when most of these students are joined in the same group the correct speed of the lessons and explanations goes down. The rest of the students are disturbed and as a result this situation drive the teachers mad. And finally the third type of students which can be called the unclassifiable type. This group can be divided into two different groups too. One of them joins those students who are able of get either the best or the worst grades. It depends on the day the inspiration they have their motivation the day of the test etc. They are really smart many of the best genius of the History could be included in this group but they only apply their knowledge whenever they want. And the other group are drastically different but it must be added in this third type in the sense that they are also unclassifiable. It includes the students that have a good attitude they work so hard but unfortunately they are completely lost. They do everything wrong and do not understand nothing at all. When you see one of these students you can avoid asking by yourself how they got such a level without any knowledge to be in the same class that you are and feeling sadness about them. In conclusion there are many kinds of students such as bad students good students genius or lost students and the best way to classify them into three general groups can be using the most classic method applied by all the teachers their grades and final results.
