Perseverance After more than ten years I still remember clearly what my older sister had gone through in a hot and muggy summer day. The weather in that day was so unusual that it seemed to imply something impressive would happen. I had known that my older sister was very diligent and perseverant but I could never imagine the extent of her perseverance. After that day I was deeply moved by her perseverance and made a great effort to follow her as an example. It was a day at the end of June of my sophomore year. I received mail from my sister telling me that she would visit me around noon on the coming Saturday. Although it was expected to be hot in June that Saturday was so hot that I felt I could not even breathe. Even worse that day was unusually humid and abnormally muggy. I still remember I woke up very early that day because of the hot weather. However my anxiety was quickly replaced with the excitement that my sister would visit me. Then I thought she might change to another day to visit me since no one wanted to be exposed outside on such a hot day not to mention to take a bus without air conditioning. If there had been a phone in my dorm I would have given my older sister a call to persuade her to change to another day. But at that time we did not have a phone installed in our dorm. Actually a phone with a landline was not popular in residences not to mention a cell phone. At that time my sister had graduated from college one year earlier and was working as an assistant chemical engineer in Zhuzhou a small city 30 miles away from my college. It would take her at least two hours by bus I thought as I was calculating what time she would be arriving. What I could do was nothing else but to wait for her coming so I bought some ice and held it in my thermos for my sister. Later I started to read a novel to kill the time. The sweat drops were falling from my forehead onto the book and I was sweating like in a Sauna room. I gave up reading and started to cool my body using the ice in the thermos that I prepared for my sister. After doing it several times I tried not to do it again. In order to distract my attention from using more ice I leaned my head out of the window to see whether my sister was arriving. I waited and waited. However she had not shown up even when the clock was approaching twelve. In the next thirty minutes after twelve I kept staring at my dormitory entrance but I was disappointed every time. I started to become anxious and restless and did not know what I should do. I began to worry that she probably missed the scheduled bus or perhaps she had decided to take a train. Then another idea popped up that she might be terribly busy with her work and could not come. I tried to list all possible excuses for her in my mind and then I denied one by one with time passing by. Then I had a hunch that something bad might had happened to her. The lunch I bought for my sister from the cafeteria was sitting on my desk but I didn't want to touch it without my sister. After having been waiting for so long time I decided to go to the bus stop where I thought she would get off. After seeing 5 buses passing without seeing her I felt tired and frustrated and continuously sweating made me feel extremely exhausted. I found a big tree and sat in its shadow with my back leaning against the tree. In a short time I started to feel sleepy and started to close my eyes. Then it seemed that my sister was smiling at me and someone was calling my name. When I opened my eyes I was surprised to see a girl standing in front of me. I thought I was in a dream so I opened my eyes wider in order to see her clearly. It was indeed my dear older sister! How happy I was at that moment. I cried tears of joy and gave her a big hug. When I was staring at her I found her face was covered with a layer of dirt. The sweat threads left an interwoven picture on her face. Her pants and shoes were also very dirty. Although she looked exhausted she was very happy to see me. She told me that she didn't take the bus or the train but walked 30 miles on foot! It took her 6 hours to arrive at my dorm in such a terribly hot day. I knew she wanted to save the fare for my monthly living expense although she kept joking that she needed to have some exercise. When she passed me 30 Chinese Yuan my monthly living expense I was so touched that I began to sob. This scene is etched in my mind and will always be in my heart. I remember it so vividly even after so many years. Each time I recall the scene of my older sister in front of me under that big tree I cannot help breaking into tears once again. Since then I have tried to save every penny of my living expense. More importantly I learned that how persevering my sister could be in order to support her brother. Until today I have been still amazed by the fact that she kept walking 30 miles for 6 hours. Later when I asked her how she did it she just smiled and said as long as you stick with your goal you can make it. From that time I told myself to learn from my sister and hold my dream until it becomes true.
