Healthy living and physical fitness are closely connected. Being physically fit not only helps people live healthy lives it also helps people live longer. People who make physical activity and exercise a part of their daily lives when they are young are more likely to keep it in their lives as they grow older. Physical activity is defined as any movement that spends energy. Exercise is a subset of physical activity but it is an activity that is structured and planned. A successful exercise program involves frequent physical activity that is aerobic exercise resistance exercise and flexibility exercise. First of all any exercise that makes you breathe faster and makes your heart beat more quickly is aerobic exercise. This type of exercise is also called endurance or cardiovascular exercise. Aerobic training strengthens your heart and lungs which in turn increases your endurance. Your heart and lungs must pump oxygen to your muscles during a aerobic training and the more oxygen your muscles gets the longer you can be active without getting tired. Aerobic training is also the best type for burning calories and fat and can help reduce your risk for diabetes heart disease and high blood pressure. It will also help increase your stamina and make more every day activities like climbing up stairs or doing housework sweeping or mopping . Methods of aerobic exercise include running bicycling dancing swimming and walking. Try to go somewhere different and exercise outside such us a forest a beach or a park. Another important activity is resistance exercise it is also called strength training. Strength training keeps your muscles toned increases your bone strength and your body metabolism. In addition if your muscles are strong you will feel better and have more energy and better posture. Adequate muscular strength is especially important for tasks like carrying heavy bags of groceries. To become stronger your muscles need to work against some kind of resistance like weights or elastic band. Methods for resistance training include exercises such us push up chin ups working out with free weights or exercise bands and working out with weight machines. Lastly the best way to get and maintain flexibility is to do some type of stretching exercise. This kind of exercise focuses on your range of motion how far you can safely bend and stretch your body. Flexibility exercises become more and more important as you age and helpful in keeping your limber and able to do tasks like reaching on the top self of your kitchen cabinet or bending over to pick up something from the floor. Being flexible also helps reduce the chance of muscle injury. Flexibility exercises include many types of stretching and floor exercises like yoga pilates and tai chi. In conclusion doing some kind of physical activity or exercise on a regular basis helps to increase strength and flexibility improve endurance control weight increase bone mass and reduce the risk of developing high blood pressure. The best way to keep physical activity and exercise a permanent part of one's life is to make it fun and enjoyable.
