Essay 14 Classification Division Version2 Topic Different types of holiday Most of us love time when we can leave work or school and go to holiday. In this time you can do what you want. There are three different kinds of holiday. People frequently spend their holiday by sitting at home by going to grandparents or going somewhere abroad. Each of them looks different. At first lot of people like sitting at home. Many times poor people who do not have money for paying a trip somewhere if it is abroad or somewhere within their country stay at home. They would often like to go somewhere but they can't. They don't earn enough money for their survival. Other people are staying home not because of money but because of some other reasons. Some hate traveling and some like their homes so much that they could not leave it. There are many ways to spend your holidays at home. For example you can watch TV or play computer games. It is also the time for your hobbies for which you normally don't have time. During home vacation you can do things and activities. There belong activities like cleaning the house gardening and going to a dentist. There are many kinds of things to do during vacation at home but it has one disadvantage it may be beautiful vacation just for a few times. In my opinion after two holidays at home you will know everything and one year later it can be boring. You can spend your holiday not only at home but also by visiting your grandparents. Grandparents are people who like you very much sometime even more than your parents. In Slovakia they often live in villages. They breed many kinds of domestic animals especially cows chickens pigs and rabbits. Usually children's attention is concentrated on these animals because nowadays children most often live in the cities. Another kind of spending time with grandparents is helping them with their work for example gardening shopping or cleaning house. If you have money after vacation at home and vacation with grandparents you can try to go for a vacation somewhere abroad. Also it is the most expensive way how to spend holiday. You have to pay for accommodation food transportation and many things. Also nowadays nothing is for free but if we could we would like to know all parts of world. People spend their holiday near the sea. They like sunbathing beach and relaxing. Also historical places are visited. On the whole holidays are the best way to relax from daily stereotype. Everything depends on us what kind of vacation we choose. In my opinion your best holidays can be at that time when you change places because stereotype brings more boredom than feeling of freedom and convenience.
