Bad Habits 1 Alcohol Physical harms stomach heart and many organs Psychological harms lose your control inconvenient behavior 2 Drugs Physical harms especially brain Psychological harms break off the family or public life 3 Cigarette Physical harms especially lings cancer Psychological harms a step to begin to drugs and alcohol Bad Habits In recent years increased addiction threat the humanity. Previously among adults addiction was worldwide but nowadays it spreads among the children too. In addition the average age of the people being addicted decreases every year. Therefore children health is under threat and schools are the items causing addiction convenient markets. If the governments don't take measures the addiction will be the most important problem for the countries. They should state the kinds of these bad habits. Bad habits can be divided into three kinds addicted to alcohol addicted to drugs addicted to cigarette. The first kind of bad habits is alcohol. The people begin to forget it their loneness or their problems. Sometimes they see the alcohol as a friend but it is enemy for the people's physical and psychological health. At first alcohol gives harms the brain system and causes the amnesia. In addition it gives harms stomach intestine eyes heart and many more organs from their bodies that use the alcohol. Also the alcohol kill they slowly. It has much psychological harms near the physical harms. At the beginning it gives them pleasure but by the time it shows its real face. Especially they can do what they don't want to do. For example they can insult their family their friends and their relatives. They give for alcohol the money which they earn for their family. Many times this situation causes to divorce from their partners. The second bad habit is using drugs which is more dangerous than the alcohol. Because the drug can cause to be poisoned and the result of this being poising may cause deaths. Besides it causes much harm to digestive system kidney liver eyes and respiratory system. Using drugs is the huge enemy for the mental balance and it breaks addicted people off their family and public. If they do not find enough money for drugs they can steal their own house. Sometimes they beat their mothers or their wives for one breath and one syringe. In fact the suicide prostitution murder and many more crimes may occur. The last kind of bad habits is smoking which it shows its real face in long period. The first harm the smoking causes is the lung cancer. Another harm of smoking is gangrene. It means that addicted people begin to loose their legs arms fingers etc. The smoking has a different characteristic from the alcohol and drugs that is giving harm also to other people. For example if they smoke near a people the people will be affected from their smoke. In addition the smoking is the step to begin the drugs. Also most of the people who smoke drink alcohol and use the drugs. As you can see the addiction is not only a personality problem but also a social problem. These problems threaten the entire world. If the states don't give it the essential importance it will continues to increase. The governments have to discuss these problems with their social dimensions and find a solution for this problem for their future. They should stimulate the people especially the young people to the more useful way like sports or arts.
