A True Wartime Story Nowadays people in my home country Taiwan live an abundant and plentiful life. I cannot imagine a generation of turmoil where people lost their belongings home family and losing even their own lives anytime and anywhere in their own country. During The Eight Year War of Resistance against Japan from 1937 to 1945 during World War II and then the Chinese Civil War in 1949 this was what happened to my grandparents. From my grandmother's own words starting from the time my grandfather joined the army to the time of the retreat to Taiwan my grandfather grandmother and their family members endured all kinds of unimaginable sufferings and hardships. When Grandpa left his countryside home parents wife and a newborn baby who was only a few months old he was married for only 1 year. He was a youth in his 20's and he left his home to join the army. The day he left he walked and turned back his head to look over and over again. He smiled to his family members and waved goodbye to them. He never thought that he would never see his parents ever again because they would be dead during the war and he would not hold his wife's hands again until almost 50 years later because he lost contact with her. Grandpa was a very brave soldier he did everything that his officers assigned him. He killed the enemy troops as much as he could and never ever felt afraid. He hid with his comrades in a dense forest in which they could not see the light even during the daytime for several days with nothing to eat and drink except plants' roots seeds and rain. They waited for the enemy troops to pass the forest and exterminated them with bombs and machine guns. He disguised as a farmer and entered the enemy's base to assassinate a general. He almost got killed when he carried out the mission but he was saved by his best friend comrade who in the end died in front of him. He hid in an enemy's battalion with his 9 comrades during the darkest night and exterminated the whole battalion's enemy troops almost 500 soldiers. He followed his army to participate in battles everywhere in China. Everything he did was for the hope that he could finally go back home and see his dearest family. However nobody could promise when he could go home and he could not contact his family members. He did not know if they were still alive or dead. Although Grandpa tried his best to find out information about his parents wife and son from his hometown he still could not find anything. Eventually Grandpa remarried with Grandma who would become my grandmother. Grandma was a lady from a wealthy family who lost all family members during a large scale air bombing. She could not find other relatives she knew thus she joined the volunteer nurses to take care the soldiers who were injured. This was how Grandpa met her. Just like a romantic wartime love story Grandpa and Grandma supported and helped each other during the most difficult time. In addition he really appreciated that Grandma was willing to be with him. One year later their first son was born. They had a short happy moment for several years. Then their second son who would be my father was also born. The situation during the war was getting worse. The enemy troops were everywhere. They killed people even women and children who could not fight back. They burned houses buildings and historic landmarks that were built hundreds or thousands of years ago. Grandpa brought grandma and their sons to follow the army and tried to escape to the safety city of Chongqing Szechwan. However they could not keep up with the army's pace because they wanted to help and care for another family which lost their father. When they were trying to catch up to the army an enemy troop suddenly appeared. The two families were very scared and afraid but they could not find a place to hide because the road only had small rocks and no trees or houses. The enemy troops started to shoot and killed the family which lost their father. Then they saw Grandpa and Grandma. Grandpa quickly pushed Grandma and their first son behind his back quickly and held their second son tightly. He didn't know what would happen next but just stared straight at them. There were no sounds. It was so quiet that even the air stopped moving. A colonel walked out of the enemy troops and spoke to Grandpa in Chinese with a thick accent. I want the child the one you hold in your arms. Leave him behind and I will let you go. While Grandpa tried to think about how to respond to him Grandma had already rushed out and kneeled down in front of the officer. She cried and shouted Please don t take my child away! Please! I kneel down before you! I kneel down before you! Please! Please! The colonel did not listen to her and a soldier ran out and hit her head and hands with the butt of his gun. Grandpa wanted to save Grandma but he needed to protect their sons. He just shouted Stop! Please stop! He held their boys kneeled down and moved with his knees to try to stop the soldier. The boys cried and screamed. Grandma's head and hands were bleeding but she still tried to kneel down and kowtow to the colonel over and over again saying persistently Please please please! The colonel spoke again Leave the other boy then the big one. He walked to the boy and wanted to grab him. Grandma crawled to the boy and held him in her chest very tightly. She would never let anyone take her sons away. Fortunately the god Buddha and the goddess Bodhisattva saw this scene an army appeared on the other side of the road. They shouted and attacked the enemy. The colonel and the enemy troops were killed and Grandpa Grandma and their sons were finally saved. After The Eight Year War of Resistance against Japan and the Chinese Civil War in 1949 Grandpa Grandma and their sons fled from the wars as refugees with Chang Kai Shek's retreating army from China to Taiwan. They started a new life together in Taiwan raised their two sons and had another son and daughter. If they did not save their two sons together their second son my father would be in the enemy's hands and he would not have me as a daughter because he would probably never meet my mother. Almost 50 years after they arrived in Taiwan Grandpa finally got in touch with his first wife and son who he was not able to find back in mainland China but his parents already passed away. This unimaginable and shocking story was told to me by Grandma and I will always remember it in my heart.
