A night at the airport I had never thought about people in the airport which people use for leaving coming and obviously not staying before I spent one night in JFK airport in New York. It was January 4 2007. I arrived at JFK around 6 00 p. M. Shortly after landing in the U. S. Territory for the first time in my life I was watching the burning sky of the sunset over the Delta Airline building and Terminal Three and I started organizing plans with deep breathing. As my next flight to Pittsburgh was January 5 at 11 15 a. M. After finding luggage I had to find a place to stay for the night. I called dozens of motels which were close to the airport which did not have any rooms available that night. Thus rather than going downtown to find a place I decided to stay in JFK that night. Because of 14 hours of flight and having the same time period twice that day it made me so exhausted. Hence I thought I could sleep anywhere if I could lean my head against a wall. However interestingly enough in the airport there were many people to watch to talk to and to share with that night instead of sleeping. Firstly I needed a suitable spot to savor the night. After roaming around the JFK terminal from one to eight I settled down at terminal four which seemed to have more of a spectrum of people and events. Being a audience of an over 10 hours running time movie with the biggest screen ever I prepared a newspaper a cup of coffee and full charged mind of inactivity. While sitting in front of the international arrival exit I witnessed the people's precious life moments the happiness of the reunion the heartbreak of farewell the elation of the approaching journey and of course the tedious waiting of the stopover flight. With these thousands of feelings and faces I noticed the people behind the scene also. The employee at the information desk a vendor at the souvenir store and a clerk at the Starbucks were playing their role. After spending almost three straight hour of enjoyment I noticed other audiences around me. Naturally I felt friendly fellowship with them. I examined timidly yet curiously my neighbors. A Caucasian man reading Lonely Planet which is a very famous book for travel information behind me a Spanish family with a barely walking baby in the front row an African American business man talking on the phone and a seeming newly married couple. Having been motivated and excited by the diverse characteristics of people I started expanding my territory. The man behind me became my companion. You look like you are traveling around here where are you heading to I started. Oh yeah hi. Actually I just got here from England he responded with a strong English accent. He had traveled to several countries before coming to the U. S. And surprisingly he was planning to go to another 16 countries after the U. S. He had worked as an architect for many years and he was taking a vacation. Thinking that night was too late to go a hotel and a waste of money he was staying there. Since I was interested in architecture we could talk about many architectural masterpieces. Meanwhile I was impressed by having a conversation between complete strangers because we had been in totally different world and had never met each other. Literally I was in the entirely new world which nobody knew me and I did not know anybody either and neither did he. As usual the airport greeted another morning of the ordinary day with gleaming sunlight. Supposedly at the airport people had come from somewhere and would have gone to their destinations just like me. Despite the different intentions and purposes of coming to the airport I was amazed by the fact of sharing the moment together in the very same place and time on the earth where 6. 5 Billion people live. When leaving the terminal four I bought another cup of coffee at Starbucks. At that moment the clerk at Starbucks recognized me and asked Are you still here Not any more. I answered heading to catch my flight to my destination with hope of meeting new people.
