Types Living Options for Students All students should live in conformable place that is very important for them because they can spend a lot of time for studying. The student should choose the best place. It is that the student is a person who decides what the place is superior for him her. Therefore students increase our enjoyment of his her studied. There are three types of living options for students with their family with a roommate or alone. When students live with their family their family can be defined as a group of people living together and usually consisting of parents or it can be defined as a group of people who are closely related by birth or marriage so that makes students enjoy in his her . Therefore while students are living with their families they are always getting an easy life. First step is their families' clean cook and wash for them so the students have a lot of time. If students have a lot of time they can study more and more and also the student has times for relaxing. Second step is often the families spend and pay for the students so the students do not take care of money and do not need a part time job. That is students do not have problems with money because they do not have a lot of money. Lastly the families are always looking and trying to find an easy life for student because they try to improve their life and take care of the students. For these steps I think it is the best people students should live with their family. For instance when I lived with my family I enjoyed living with them because they helped me to how I could study hard. Also in my family as a tree that started for long time ago as a seed from god and grew up to the end of the life so they are always knowing about each other and advices me a lot about how I could keep my studied excellent. . In addition my family are always knowing about me if I have problems or something for example when I need some money they knew and gave me what I need if I did not ask them about it. Therefore in my community all people of family are related to each other in some ways because we have huge relationship with each other and we marriage from each other. Also all the families share their happy or sad events. I can say that my community is all close to each other as one part you can not break it so that makes me to had enjoyable time with them. Lastly that gives the students an amazing time. The student who lives with his her family he she gets a trouble free time. However they can not know about other culture. The student who lives with a roommate the student needs to adept his her self. When the student starts to live with a roommate the student has a different life. Therefore the student needs to do what he she needs in his her life and a life requirement. In addition the student cleans house washes clothes and cooks food. The student has a part time job because the student needs some money. That is because the student does not have a lot of time for studying. Fact when I used to live with two roommates I got some problems and sometimes that makes me confused or embarrassed because that could be the different culture. For example one of the predicaments that I had with one of my roommate is in first time I lived with her. At that time my English was not god enough to have a conversation with other. I tried to tell her who friendly she was with me. She talked to me for two hours or three but I did understand her that much. Later she asked me to have dinner with her. I thought she said she was going to have to her dinner. Then I responded ok I realized that she wanted me to go and eat with her. For moment I hated living with a roommate and speaking English. Also the student who lives with a roommate the student spends a lot of money on rent food and books. If the student lives with a roommate the student should organize times. However one of the wonderful things about living with a roommate is exchanging your ideas with him or her and to know about other culture. If the student lives alone that it is very difficult. The student spends a lot of money because the student does not share expenses with someone. When the student buys what he she needs such as food rent internet cable TV and electricity. In addition people can help us reduce the depression when we have. People can be useful when we have a hard time. Many people must have to have someone who shares to live with and it would be a weird thing if we find someone has no person. For example when the student has any problem in his her apartment or his her life the student does not have anyone to help him her. For example if the student is sick and no one knows that is not healthy for him her. The student should take care of him her self because that is no one else knows about it. However while the student is living alone the student has a lot time for studying. So for the student to live alone sometimes is good and sometimes is bad. I think students should think about what it is the best place for him her. It is very important because the student is a person whose can decide for him her self. For example I used to live with my family roommates alone. The best place was when I lived with my family. They took care of me gave me advice spent a lot of money shared life with someone who I loved them and they loved me and I had a lot of time for my studying. So students should think about it and choose what is superior for him her. Living with someone may get upset of culture difference and life differences so my advice to them is do not give up and fell satisfied about yourself mistakes and you be adapting to get them and learn many valuable in your life when you live with your family a roommate or alone.
