The Destiny My grandfather always says Nobody knows his destiny. After finishing high school I planned my future. I finished high school with excellent grades. I wanted to study medicine at the best university in my country. I applied to study there. However they refused my request. After that I acquired a scholarship from the ministry of higher education. They gave me three alternative choices. I had opt to study in one the of these countries Australia Germany as well as the United States. After getting those choices I was in a serious predicament. That was my future and I had to plan it well. Then I started thinking which country I had to choose. For example Germany is very perfect place to study. They have great universities. Also their education system is appropriate for my scholarship. However there was a constrained reason that restricted me not to choose it. I did not want to waste my time studying German. Now I had to choose between Australia and the United States. Both of them have great universities. Also their education system is excellent. In the end I eliminated the U. S and decided to study in Australia. Because y best friend studying there. I prepared myself by getting my visa and admission. Then the ministry of higher education canceled the program in Australia. Finally the said They sent enough students there I was confined by choosing to study in the United States. I got my financial guarantee and the visa to study there. I defined my major to study computer science. Now I had to get my admission from on the universities in Indiana. I applied for two universities. I sent all the documents that they needed. After sending the documents I was despaired to study there. They did not send e mail that confirmed I was accepted. As I was waiting my brother got me admission in other state. Finally I received it from the University of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. I want to the U. S. I started my first day in the United States by looking for a place to live. My English was not the good to converse with people. That was really frustrating me. While looking for a place I got help from a woman. She was patient and smart. She understood that I wanted a small apartment. She took me to one of the rental offices. She stood with me until I signed the lease. Then she showed me the apartment and the school. I will never forget her face and courtesy. She helped me when I needed it . After finding my place I had to get ready to start school. I woke up early. I was enthusiastic to start my first day in school. However I had one problem. I did not know which bus I had to take. Therefore I walked for three hours and came late to school. I started studying English at the English Language Institute at the University of Pittsburgh. I wanted to improve my English. After finishing the Institute I will start studying my field. After all those events I have had a good life. People were helpful and peaceful. It was easy to make friends. I have met friends from all over the world. I got beautiful girlfriend from France. Also my American neighbors have been kind and open minded. The helped me to buy a furniture fro my place. They lent me their cars when I needed them. Moreover they taught me their costumes religion. People in the United States were hospitable. In conclusion I just wanted to stay home and study with my friends. Go through banal daily ritual like meeting the sane friends learning things there are not interesting and hang out in the same places. I hated to be in the United States. However I realized that I was in the U. S for a reason. I believed in in my grandfather's wisdom. Don't hate something could be good for you. That is your destiny. You have to accept it and live with it.
