How to Taste Wine Do you know how to taste wine If you can taste wine it is easy to buy wine and the knowledge make you enjoy drinking wine more. Before coming America I worked for a company which imported wine from Europe so I introduce you some way to taste wine. You need the senses for your tasting sight smell taste and touch in that order. You need not think too formally or too particularly. Tasting wine is easy when you follow these steps 1. Sight 2. Smell 3. Teste 4. Touch. At first for sight you need good daylight a north facing window and a clean white surface. These conditions are ideal but you need only a white table cloth or white napkin to check the wine in your glass. Tasting glass should not be washed with dish liquid you should wash it only with hot water. Then you look into the clarity and the color of the wine. Young red wines are purple. As the wine ages this color changes to garnet then to mahogany and eventually to brown. When the wine is purple it is too young to drink and when the wine is brown it is too old to drink. The ideal colors of red wine are garnet or ruby. For second consideration smell there should be no distracting odors. You turn your glass softly and smell the bouquet of the wine. If the wine's stocked condition is badly the smell is awful bouchonne in French or maderised. Smelling is sometimes difficult but experience could help you. Before tasting wine you should not drink coffer nor eat curry and you had better drink some water to clean your mouth. You should not smoke before tasting wine neither. Soon afterward for tasting you hold wine in your mouth on your tongue to palate. You do not swallow it but you evaluate sweetness dryness tannin only for red wine acidity and the weight of the alcohol. After a lot of experience you might be able to guess the grapes from which the wine was made. Then you swallow it and feel the touch of the wine. You should check how smooth you feel the trickling down the wine in your throat. After swallowing when you can enjoy the length of the wine the wine is good. The length of wine is similar to the suggestiveness of the poem and so on. It is not able to be explained with words but you can only feel. At last you should pass judgment on the wine based on sight smell taste and touch. In such a way you evaluate the quality of the wine and you can also decide if the wine is ready to drink or if it has not matured. Wine is a product of nature and its taste depends on your health condition. The situation is also one important factors to taste wine. So please do not criticize wine and you will enjoy the life with wine!
