Do you think a child of doctors or lawyers is invariably sure to become a doctor or lawyer Actually when we ask a doctor or lawyer whether his parents have the same job as his many of them might answer his parents are also a doctor or lawyer. What causes these results There are two possibilities brilliant people are born with gifted high intelligence or they acquire intelligence as they grow up in their environment. Some people believe nature is more important than nurture to develop intelligence. That means we can't improve our intelligence even though we make a great effort toward learning. On the other hand some people believe nurture is more important than nature. According to this belief we have the same level of intelligence when we are born and whether we have high intelligence or not depends on the environment in which we spend our life. I agree with the idea that nurture is more important than nature due to three major factors economic environment appropriate attitude toward studying and clear purpose for studying. First reason nurture is more important than nature is that the economic environment affects developing intelligence very much. Wealthy people have enough money to spare for the education of their children. They can go to great schools whose tuition is much more expensive than other schools. In fact children who can study at great high schools can develop high intelligence and go on to superior universities. In Japan many mothers are forced to have part time jobs to earn money for their children's education. On the other hand it is difficult for people who can't afford to spend money for education to let their children study at great schools. Another reason economic environment can affect intelligence is people living in wealthy situations don't have to work before they graduate from universities. They can concentrate on studying instead of spending their time working to support themselves. Second high intelligence sometimes results from an appropriate attitude toward studying. Without exception people who are brilliant spend a lot of time studying hard. For them it is very natural to spend time learning something and what makes them so is their appropriate attitude toward studying. They know the importance of studying and studying hard can help them in the future because their parents teach them so when they are young. Moreover their friends who are in a similar environment can also make them have a good attitude toward studying. However for children whose parents or friends never put a high value on learning studying continuously is quite hard because they don't realize the importance of learning and don't have a good attitude toward learning. Finally having a clear purpose for studying can also encourage students to make an effort to learn. If their parents are doctors or lawyers children can naturally see their parents working as doctors or lawyers. As they grow up many of them dream of the future which is similar to their parents. They hope to become an adult like their parents without considering other jobs and they understand they need to study for their future. In addition children who have doctors or lawyers parents tend to feel that they are supposed to take over their parents jobs even thought their parents don't mention it. As a result they study eagerly and they develop their intelligence. On the other hand for children whose parents are not professionals it is more difficult to have a clear vision of becoming a doctor or lawyer. For example children whose parents are working as a businessman in the office don't feel like being a doctor or lawyer in the future less than children whose parents are a doctor or lawyer. As a result children whose parents are doctors or lawyers tend to have the same job as their parents. Nurture plays a more important role in intelligence than nature because of economic environment appropriate attitudes toward studying and a clear purpose for studying. In the real world we can see many doctors or lawyers whose parents are also doctors or lawyers. When we meet them we easily think that their intelligence results from their parents. However in fact they need to study to be a doctor or lawyer as much as other people whose parents don't have the same jobs as them. In other words there are no people who are intelligent from birth by nature. As they grow up they are affected by their surroundings and realize the importance of learning and start studying. That means we can improve our intelligence by changing our environment after birth.
