The trip turned out to be my last time I went skiing though I had liked and gone skiing at least biennially. Three years ago one of my friends proposed a trip to ANON_NAME_0 where we can see a lot of snow every year and enjoy skiing. One winter night in January my four friends and I got together and left our hometown for ANON_NAME_0 in my friend's car. We were divided into two groups and got into two separate cars. Our departure looked perfect and it made us expect a wonderful vacation. At this point little did we know that the journey would take a nightmare turn. On the way to ANON_NAME_0 we enjoyed talking in the car. According to my friend's explanation he desired to have the car for a long time and he had bought the car two days before our departure. In addition the car looked really expensive. While driving it started snowing quietly. At first we enjoyed the beautiful snowfall but we came to worry about our own safety because it continued snowing for more than two hours. When I looked out of the window all I could see were dim car headlights and falling white snow. I realized the snow on the ground was being changed to ice. All of a sudden the car slipped on the ice and I felt a strong impact on my whole body. I tried to grasp what happened to our car. I realized our car had run against a wall and the front of the car was dented terribly. Fortunately all of us were not injured at all. After calling the police and finishing some necessary procedures we left the car unavoidably got into another car together and departed for ANON_NAME_0. When we arrived at the ski area we were all very exited because we could see amazing scenery. The landscape was really beautiful so even my friend whose car had been broken looked very happy as if he had forgot the accident. We finished the preparations for skiing and got on a gondola together. In the gondola the friend whose car had been broken started talking about his long experience in skiing. He told us that he was good at skiing especially jumping off the ground. We just admired him for his skiing technique to cheer him up and make him forget the tragedy of his car. We got off the lift and stepped forward on the white snow. We started skiing the slope slowly. On the other hand the friend who was supposed to have rich experience in skiing went down the hill at a terrific speed. I saw him about 100 meters ahead jumping off the ground fearlessly. I realized he had lost his balance the moment he reached the highest point off the ground. When we rushed to him we found him lying on the ground with a distorting face. He told us desperately that he had a severe pain in his right shoulder. After we called a rescue team and went down the slope together we took him to the small hospital near the ski area by taxi. After a series of examinations the doctor told us my friend had a fracture on his right clavicle and he should go back to our hometown and stay at a hospital. While he was hearing the doctor's explanation my friend looked really depressed and said nothing about it. We left the hospital and saw him off at a station because he decided to come back to our hometown first. After that we went back to our inn. We didn't feel like going to the ski area so we stayed at the inn until night. The next day none of us could enjoy skiing because we couldn't stop recalling the accident which had happened the day before. In the afternoon we left ANON_NAME_0 for our hometown with the worst memory like a nightmare. After we came back home we went to see the friend who had broken his clavicle at a hospital. He looked exhausted and told us he regretted having driven his new car and having made a brave jump on the slope. Afterwards he needed a operation and he stayed in the hospital for two weeks after the operation. Before departure we had never expected such a sad result. As a result the trip became an unforgettable memory not only for him but also for all of us. The accidents which happened to him during our trip were so shocking that I've never gone skiing since. We learned from our journey that we should pay close attention to our safety when we travel even though the trip looks like wonderful.
