The Red Sox The Yankees There are a lot of rival sports teams in the world. For example the Boston Red sox the New York Yankees the Real Madrid the Barcelona the Manchester United the Arsenal and the LA Dodgers the San Francisco Giant are announced renowned rival teams. Fans do not like each other when their rival team plays a game opposite other rival team. Moreover they refuse see each other during playing game. Actually I am at the Boston Red Sox fan I always interested in the article which is related to the Red Sox and the Yankees. Even though there two teams look nothing in common they have several similarities popular teams both of them in the U. S relating to Babe Ruth and Having good players and coach. First of all both of them are popular teams in the U. S. The Red Sox found in 1901 and they have been a strong team in American League for a long time. Also they have a lot of fans in the U. S even Japan and Korea. During baseball season you can easily watch the Red Sox game by TV because a big broadcasting station such as Fox or ABC gets a high program rating. Also the Boston Red Sox for getting fans made their broadcasting station. The Yankees is also one of the popular team in the U. S. In the survey of ESPN which is a sports channel the Yankees is the most popular them in the U. S. Yankees has been great team and got a lot of World Series Championship. They found in 1901 like the Red Sox. If you travel in the U. S cities you can see people who wear the cap of the Yankees logo everywhere. People want to watch the Yankees games because they have a lot of stars and plays well hence broadcasting station want to broadcast Yankees game. They also have their broadcasting station name of YES . Second both of them relate to Babe Ruth who was the greatest baseball star in the baseball history. Even though Babe Ruth was renowned a Yankees star at first he had played in the Boston Red Sox. When he was playing in Boston he was good pitcher and batter. Because of him the Boston Red Sox could win many games. At that time the Boston Red Sox got World Series Championship as many as four times. Unfortunately executive people of the Red Sox decided to sell Babe Ruth to the Yankees for building new stadium name of Pen Way Park . Since then the Boston Red Sox had not gotten World Series Championship for 86 years old. However the New York Yankees has gotten World Series Championship as many as 26 times since Babe Ruth was traded from Boston. Since then people called that Bambino's curse. Whenever people talk about the Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees Babe Ruth's story is one of the most important issues. Finally both of them have a lot of good players and good coaches. In Red Sox Many ANON_NAME_0 David ANON_NAME_1 Josh Becket Curt Schering and Mike Lowell are famous stars in the Major League Baseball. A lot of people buy a ticket to see them. Terry Franconia who is a Red Sox coach is great coach. He finished 'Bambino's curse two years ago. He controls well his team. For making popular team owner of the Boston Red Sox always invests a lot of money. Yankees has also a lot of good players and good coach. Derik Jeter A rod Julio Posada Jason Jiambi and Mariano Rivera are very famous players. Joe Torre who is a Yankees coach is one of the greatest coaches in Major League Baseball history. He got three times World Series Champion Ship. Yankees owner also invests a lot of money for his team. In conclusion although the Red Sox the Yankees look nothing in common and dislike each others there are remarkable similarities popular teams both of them in the U. S relating to Babe Ruth and Having good players and good coach. In the Red sox fan's point having rival team is good for me because it gives me more interesting and enjoy it. I can not imagine the Red sox without the Yankees.
