When I am student I always want to prefect grades in my classes. In order to get the good grades we must study hard for an exam. Although get good grades is very important thing for students but most students have the same question how to study for an exam. Lots of students don't like exam and they feel nerve when they are preparing for an exam. Is it really hard to study for an exam I think that it is not so hard to preparing for an exam. Here is how you can study for an exam making a schedule study your document and take a rest. Studying for an exam is easy if you abide by those processes. The first step is making a schedule. In my opinion you should do this in two weeks before the exam. You should decide what kind of document you should study and which is most important and which is urgent. After you choose your papers then you should allocate studying time and papers and write it down. Next now you are ready to study the papers. For this step you should have at least thirteen days for studying your document. There are some tips that can help you study well. Before you study you can scan all papers from the most to the less important. Therefore you will have some idea about the amount of papers that you should learn. When you really begin studying you should begin taking notes to help you remember your papers. After you complete your notes you can ask yourself the five wh question to make sure you remember the basics. Then you should read those notes again to refresh your memory. Then write down key phrases that sum up the major points. It is important to use your own words and not just copy from the book. The last thing you should do is test yourself by covering up the key phrases and seeing if you can recall those key points. Finally in the day before the exam the best way to prepare is to take a rest. That is the last thing you should do restore your energy. You can read some novel or listen to music even more you can go outside to do some exercise. If you want you can even get a good night's sleep for exam. As you can see it is not so difficult to study for an exam if you follow these steps. Once you make a schedule you can easily follow your schedule in studying. The last important step is evolving your spirit. In consideration of great grades students need to figure out a resolution which help they can study well and have a good condition for exams. I believe you will have good grades after you read my article and comply with my advices.
