Have you ever eaten kimchi If your answer is yes you may be interested in Korean food. Kimchi is one of the most well known and best foods of Korea. Kimchi is not only a delicious food but also a healthy food that has a lot of lactobacillus and fiber. It can aid digestion and help prevent constipation and intestine cancer. For this reason many Koreans love kimchi and eat it everyday. Nowadays despite of for its hot and spicy taste many people around the world know about kimchi and love kimchi. It may be helpful to learn how to make kimchi for your healthy and delicious meal. Here is the way to make kimchi. Kimchi requires many ingredients and takes about half of a day to make. However if you follow the next several steps it is not so difficult to make kimchi preparing the ingredients making the fillings and making and storing the kimchi. The first and most important step in making kimchi is preparing the many ingredients. There are many kinds of kimchi but most of them share common ingredients cabbages radishes garlic thick salts green onions dropwort ginger roots fish paste red chili pepper sticky rice paste sugar and oysters. They are not so expensive and can be bought easily. You can buy most ingredients at any grocery market in the U. S. But some ingredients such as fish paste red chili pepper and sticky rice paste can be bought at Korean grocery market. After preparing the ingredients you can move on to the next step making the filling. The filling decides the taste of kimchi so this step is very important. First cut the radishes green onions and dropwort and chop the garlic and ginger roots. Second mix the picked fish paste red chili peppers sticky rice paste and salted oysters. Third mix all the things in the first and second step. This is the completed filling. The last step is making and storing the kimchi. First clean the cabbages and cut them into 2 to 4 pieces. Second soak them salted water for 6 to 8 hours. People often prepare the filling during this time gap. Third rinse them in running water 3 times and dry a bit. Then put the filling inside of the cabbage leaves. Finally store the completed kimchi in a cool place and wait for a few days to make the kimchi ripe. Because the taste of the kimchi depends on the temperature and the time of mature it is very important to keep the kimchi to the proper place. Koreans usually keep the kimchi in a cool place in order to keep it fresh as long as possible. The traditional way to keep the kimchi cool is burying it underground. However nowadays people usually use the specific refrigerator for keeping the kimchi. If you do not have the specific refrigerator it is O. K. To keep the kimchi in a common refrigerator. Because of the long making time and many ingredients making kimchi is often considered somewhat difficult. However as you see once you prepare the ingredients and follow the steps it is not so difficult. Moreover once you make the kimchi you can eat it for several months. If you want more healthy and delicious food try to make kimchi. Maybe you will fall in love with kimchi.
