The Palace Ghost This is a real story of a wealthy family who decided to buy an old Palace. The Palace was haunted by a ghost and no one wanted to buy it. However this family challenged everything. They knew there was a ghost in the palace and everyone told them that this was very foolish but they didn't believe of that or listens. Later the father took his wife and their children and went down to their new house. When they entered the yard of the Palace the sky suddenly became dark they felt their suffering with their new house had just begun. As they walked inside the palace they began to look around and sat down. Suddenly the father saw a red stain on the floor and said I am afraid something has been spilt there and it must have been removed . On of their sons said Maybe somebody was murdered here . The man took a piece of fabric and tried to wash the blood but it couldn't be removed. The red stain came back they were surprised and tried again to wash it but with no success. They did that again and again but as soon as the blood stain had disappeared it came back again with a terrible flash of lightning lit up the house and the whole building shook. A horrible storm appeared that night. The family had been trying to sleep but they couldn't. It's impossible to sleep with such a noise. The following night all doubts about the existence of the ghost were finally removed forever. At eleven o'clock the family went to bed and after a while the father was awakened by a strange noise outside his room. He went to the door and opened it. He saw the ghost in front of him the father was shocked and quickly closed his door and went back to bed. Because of this he and his wife couldn't sleep that night. After three days the ghost appeared again. Main wile the ghost was trying to scare the family and he spread blood everywhere in the house and made a terrible noise. The father decided to speak with the ghost and went to him and said We don't have to leave this house and we paid a lot to buy it we aren't afraid of you and you shouldn't be here the ghost turned around him and shouted you have to leave this palace not me this was my house and I had been here for one hundred years and you invaded my palace. If you don't leave my palace I will do something horrible to your sons . Then the ghost left. One day their sons were playing in the hall and one of them suddenly disappeared. The family had searched for their son with no success. Then they called the police. One week later the boy wasn't found there wasn't any information about their son and the family shocked and disappointed. Everyone told the father that your decision for buying this palace was crazy. His wife also blamed him and said All this happened because of you . The man and his family realized that their son had been taken by the ghost. Finally they decided to leave the palace for ever and they hoped that if they did this the ghost would return their son. While they were trying to leave the palace their son suddenly appeared. They were very happy and joyfully reunited. After that the family left the palace and they realized that ghosts exist every one should believe that and people must not get into any trouble with them. After this incident no one think to buy this palace and it has been closed since 1982.
