The Difficult Decision When I received acceptances from my top two choices which were the University of Pittsburgh which is located in Pittsburgh PA and University of Akron which is located in Akron OH I knew I had a difficult decision to make. Although I had talked to friends who had attended both schools and had visited or knew both. I couldn't reach to the decision until I visited both of them and compared the location the cost and the quality of education of the two universities. After comparing them I finally decided to attend the University of Pittsburgh. The first thing I considered was the location. First of all both universities are located in northeast so they are very close to each other. But the University of Pittsburgh is located in a safe and beautiful area. Unlike the University of Akron is located in dangerous neighborhoods. Also when I visited the campus of both universities I like Pittsburgh's campus because it has more beautiful buildings and gardens than Akron's campus. In addition to location I had to pay a lot of attention to the financial component. The tuition of both universities is almost the same which are 22 000 per year but Pittsburgh's neighborhoods are cheaper than Akron's neighborhoods with respect to the rent. For example I compared the price of the apartments at the neighborhoods around the University of Pittsburgh such as Shadyside Squirrel hill and South Side. I found them all cheaper than apartments which were in Akron. So I thought if I live in Pittsburgh I won't have to spend a lot of money far an accommodation. The quality of education at the two schools acts on my decision. Actually both universities have similar standard of education. Both schools have large libraries and excellent academic reputations but the difference was in class size. The University of Pittsburgh has small classes and students get a lot of personal attention. On the other hand the University of Akron has large classes so there is no personal attention. In consolation after taking every thing in consideration I think I made the right decision. The location the cost and the quality of education are very important to me now I am in Pittsburgh.
