The Festival and Celebration in Saudi Arabia Each religion and culture has its own celebrations and festivals. These celebrations make the people happy because of many reasons. We as Muslims have our celebrations which is Eid Alfitr. This is a great celebration amongst Muslim communities throughout the country. All Muslims celebrate together and share the feeling of happiness. In my country Saudi Arabia we have special performances and shows for the Eid's celebration which can be described in three areas the goal the time and the events. First of all why de we have to celebrate of Eid Alfitr For Muslims Eid Al Fitr is an Islamic holiday and a joyous occasion with important religious significance celebrating the achievement of enhanced piety. Moreover they are happy because they finish Ramadan obeying Allah by fasting and praying day and night. Eid Alfitr is a day of forgiveness moral victory fellowship brotherhood and unity. It is also an opportunity for friends and families to come together for a celebratory meal and exchange gifts and sweets. Muslims celebrate not only the end of fasting but also thank God for the help and strength that they believe he gave them throughout the previous month to help them practice self control. It is a time of giving and sharing and most Muslims dress in their finest attire. Second Eid Alfiter marks at the end of Ramadan the month of fasting therefore symbolizes the breaking of the fasting period. Because the day depends on the sighting of the moon the sighting could only be possible just before sunset. Most check with local mosques or other members of the community to see if the moon has been sighted by authoritative parties. A Muslim is encouraged to rise early and partake of a light snack such as dates before attending morning prayers with family members in the local community mosque. Third there are a lot of events on the day of the celebration. For example a typical Muslim family is awake very early and attends special congregational prayers held only for this occasion in mosques in large open areas stadiums or arenas. The prayer is generally short and is followed by a sermon. After the people finish they greet each other and go to visit their families and friends to have breakfast with them. Some families stay until the lunchtime to have it with their relatives. After that activities take place. The streets are filled with people out visiting friends and family along with fairs music dancing fireworks children's games and some people sell old items and food. In addition you can watch dancing and enjoy listening to music. Around all the corners of country you can smell the old perfumes. In conclusion Eid Alfir is the most popular celebration in Saudi Arabia. I like it because of its goal and events for all Muslim at the great time. The Eid celebration is the best celebration I have ever seen in my life and in the best country I have ever seen in my life.
