CHOOSING A UNIVERSITY After finishing high school is not the end of many peoples education. High school students who want to continue their education generally choose one of two routes after graduating. Some students opt to attend a private university or a public university. Making this difficult choice requires a great deal of careful thought. However if the choice is based on three specific factors namely cost location and quality of education. Students will see the advantages of their choice. Attending a public university is much cheaper than a private university. For example tuition at a public university I attended might cost less than 15 000 dollars for one year. The same classes taken at a nearby public university would cost almot 30 000 dollars. In addition a private university would charge you more for parking photocopying at the library cafeteria food campus health clinic services and textbooks. No matter how the total bill is calculated or what is included it is more expensive to study at private university. Attending a public university can be more convenient because its location. Going to a university often requires recent high school graduates to live far away from home. Moreover many of them are reluctant to do that. These students are only seventeen or eighteen years old and many have little experience at being away from home. It would be difficult for these young people to suddenly find themselves far away from their families. In addition very few parents are prepared to send their teenagers to private university. Because almost every area has a public university. Students who opt to go to a public university can continue to be near their families. Finally there are educational benefits to attending a private university. Public university life is very different from a private university. Public university campus offers a large variety of sports events and parties. Therefore students can easily become distracted from their studies. Private university which typically have fewer students and extracurricular activities may be a better environmental for serious studies. In addition the library facilities at a private university thought not as large as those at a public university. There are more than sufficient for the kind of work that is required in first or second year courses. Classes' size is also an issue to consider. Introductory courses at public universities often have fifty to sixty or even one hundred students. In such large classes student teachers interaction usually is minimal and learning can be more difficult for some students. Finally the teaching at public universities is often better than the teaching at public universities. For instant professors at private universities have the same credentials as those at public universities. Also private university professors spend most of their time teaching instead of conducting researches as public university professors have to do. The decision to attend a university for the first two years after high school can be difficult. Public universities are not glamorous as private universities. However based on three important factors outlined above cost location as well as quality of education it is clear that for many students to choose a private university or a public university.
