Dishwasher vs. Human hand washer The ancient Chinese said A good craftsmanship depends on the use of the right tools. This means if you want to finish work quickly and perfectly the tools or the methods that you use are very important. This is definitely very true when it comes to household chores. Although I really love to do all the household chores washing dishes is one thing that usually drives me crazy. Human hand washer washing dishes by hand is kind of a tradition from my home country Taiwan while using dish washers is very common in the United States. Both methods have their own advantages and disadvantages. Human hand washer however can guarantee the dishes are clean and save water electricity and the cost of dish detergent so I always prefer washing dishes by hand. Most people will agree using a dishwasher to wash dishes sometimes will end with bad results such as unclean or dirty spots. This is probably the biggest problem for dishwasher. Human hand washer on the other hand should not have this problem because when a person washes dishes by hand he can see if a dish is completely clean or not. Unless a person is careless Human hand washer will always make all the dishes cleaner than using a dishwasher. Most people who like to use dishwasher think when they use dishwasher they can save a lot of time. This is true because the dishwasher is automatic so people can do other things they want when the dishes are being washed. Conversely when they save time they lose other things. When using a dishwasher it has many cycles wash rinse and heat. Washing and rinsing cycles use a lot of water and the heating cycle needs a lot of electricity. Human hand washer also requires water but the water can be controlled by each person washing the dishes. In addition human hand washer does not require electricity because the dishes can be dried by hand or in air. Finally using the dishwasher or Human hand washer both need dish soap or dish detergent. However dishwasher detergent usually costs more than normal dish detergent and the amount of dish detergent can be controlled when washing by hand. This can save a lot of money after a long time. I really believe in washing all the dishes by hand. I always want to make sure all the dishes are clean so if using dishwasher sometimes can still have dirty spots on dishes I will still choose washing dishes by hand. When I wash dishes by hand I can also save a lot of money by saving water electricity and I do not have to buy more expensive dishwasher detergent. Overall washing dishes by hand is a lot better than using dishwashers. Therefore I will always be a human hand washer when there are dishes waiting for me in the kitchen sink!
