Do you know that you can write a good essay that will amaze your readers Tips for writing a good essay are developed to permit people who are interested in writing to do well. One well known book is Ready to Write More by ANON_NAME_0 Blanchard and Christine Root. With the tips exposed in this book you will be ready to write a good essay. If you are interested in writing a good essay here are the most important steps you should follow writing a good introduction good supporting paragraphs and then concluding your essay well. The first part of your essay is the introduction. It should be captivating for the reader. To achieve this purpose it will start with a general statement of the topic or a topic sentence. Then background information about the topic should be provided. In this first paragraph the main ideas of the essay will be stated in the last sentence called the thesis statement. Some techniques are generally used to impress the readers. Few of these techniques are move from general to specific use an anecdote ask a question present facts and statistics. When writing you will keep in mind that all of your sentences should support your topic. The next step in writing an essay is the supporting paragraphs. The most common number of supporting paragraphs is three. Each paragraph should start with a topic sentence which states the main idea of the paragraph. Notice that the main idea of each paragraph is mentioned in the thesis statement. The topic sentence will be followed by supporting details and examples facts or explanations. In addition a good paragraph should develop a single focus. It is also imperative to connect the ideas in a paragraph or between two paragraphs with transitions. The purpose of these transitions is to help the readers understand your ideas. The third step in writing an essay is the conclusion. It is the last paragraph of the essay and should at least make your reader thinking about your statements. Your conclusion will have a topic sentence as any paragraph does. Then you will summarize the main points that constitute your essay. Furthermore the last sentence of the conclusion will be interesting if it asks a question suggests a solution makes a recommendation or prediction accordingly to the topic. Tips for writing a good essay are important to know if you want people to appreciate your writing. These tips help you to hook your readers attention since the introduction. Then they assure you a good supporting paragraphs such as how to make them clear and really supporting to the topic. They also allow you to wrap up your essay with a conclusion which will leave a good impression of you vis a vis of your readers. By following these tips mentioned above in your writing you will be on your way to amazing your readers.
