Dogs and cats by Name 1st version My dog looks at all the things I provide for him and says You must be God! On the other hand my cat look at all the things I provide for her and says I must be God! These funny sentences summarize some differences between the most favorite pets dogs and cats and their owners. Most of the differences are stereotypes that assume that dogs are the best friend of humans and cats are solitaire and selfish creatures. However dogs and cats are different because they are animals from distinct species. Others differences such as their interaction with humans and their preference of food are derived from the species characteristics. According to biology description dogs are group animals and cats are not. Dogs are social and are most content in a pack situation. For dogs the most important pack members are usually their owners and owners who provide proper leadership for their dogs are usually viewed as pack leaders. This is the reason why dogs left alone during their owners' working hours commonly develop separation anxieties. By comparison cats do not develop strong pack structures and leadership is an important function. Cats are mostly solitary creatures hunting alone. If they form groups this is more a sharing of a common territory than the establishment of a cohesive pack. Cats are extremely territorial and when fights over territory occur the result is that the loser learns to avoid that success or but not to leave the territory. So a cat's attachment is to its territory not to its group. How often have you heard the turmoil of a cat owner attempting to establish his or her cat in a new home which is in the same neighborhood as the old home Commonly the cat will return to the old home repeatedly. If some observations about how dogs and cats have fun are considered a specific funny difference also determined by biology characteristics is found. Dogs will knock themselves silly trying to adore their owner. On the other hand cats will knock themselves silly running through the house and hitting his head on walls and furniture all in the name of fun. These pets have also distinct food preferences. Dogs eat all kinds of food even if it is hard dry and stale in the bottle. However cats will beg to be fed and then ignore the bowl of food until it is dry and hard then look at their owners like they are sadist because the owners expect them to eat this terrible dry food. In addition both pets will ignore cheap canned food in favor of the most expensive brand. People agree about one point of view both animals are able to share a very important friendship with their owners with some differences but still valuable. Dogs can teach how live the present moment with happiness on the other hand cats are able to teach how be independent and build their own happiness.
