How to write a good essay To appeal your thinking exactly to audiences writing a good essay is very important job. If you follow these several steps you can make a wonderful essay. First of all you should do clustering or brain storming. Doing clustering is a basic and effective way to get many significant ideas for your essay. During clustering you just write or draw something in your brain. Disorder or not organizing is not important. Because your brain is not ready to write whole essay at the first time throughout this step you can create some related ideas with your topic. And if you have your partners to work with you brain storming is effective step as well. More students do this step more things you can get. Then you can choose some suitable ideas for your topic. At this point you should decide which ideas are related or not. This step will help you to write well organized writing as well as to revise after writing. After choosing suitable ideas you need to write an outline. It would be not difficult when you use your clustering or brain storming. To make a simple but useful outline you should use numbers or symbols such as I 1. 1 And a. It means you can narrow down your essay at the same time. You should also make introduction bodies and conclusion. In ordinary a good essay has five paragraphs including from introduction to conclusion. When you finish making outline you can start your first writing. If you add your own experiences or suitable examples at this time it is very helpful for audiences to understand your essay. I think that it is an exactly good essay what audiences can understand your meaning throughout your essay. As soon as you finish your first writing you have to revise it. Because it is impossible to write perfect essay at the first time it is essential step for a good essay. You can check these things like awkward meaning verb tense quotation and question marks and spelling. Make sure that the most important thing to write an essay is revising. If you pass this step it will not be able to be concluded and you can revise your essay over and over again. In conclusion when you follow these steps writing a wonderful essay is not difficult.
