How I apply to study. After I finished my high school. I think to study engineering at the best university in my country but I can not. I got scholarship in Australia Germany and United States. After getting those scholarships I had to choose one of them. Germany is a very perfect place to study but I did not want waste my time for studding Germany. Time I had only one chance that was studied in the U. S . I got my financial guarantee and the visa to study in the United States. I applied for two universities. I sent all the documents that they needed. . I was despairing of studying in Indiana. I made reservation Then I started studying English the English Institute at the university s for flaying and living in a hotel. When I was 18 years old in the high school I planned my future. Everything was going well as I thought. I finished high school with excellent grades. Then I wanted to study engineering at the best university in my country. I applied for study there. However they refused my requisition. After that I got a scholarship. My scholarship was in Australia Germany and United States. I could never imagined myself study abroad. After getting those scholarships I had to choose one of them. I was in a hard predicament. That is my future and I had to plane it well. Then I started thinking which country I had to choose. Germany is a very perfect place to study. They have great universities. Moreover their education system is appropriate for my scholarship. However I did not choose it because I did not want waste my time for studding Germany. Australia and Untied States have great universities either. Also their education system is excellent. After all I decided to study I Australia because my best friend study's there. When I started to think about studying in Australia I prepared myself fore example I tried to get my visa and the admission. Then the ministry of higher education canceled program studying in Australia. They said they sent enough students there. They gave only one alternative choice. I had to study in the U. S. So at that time I had only one chance that was studied in the U. S and made to prepared myself to study in the US. First of all I got my financial guarantee and the visa to study in the United States. I defined my domain. I decided to study computer science. Now I wanted to get my admission at one of the universities in Indiana. I applied for two universities. I sent all the documents that they needed. I waited three months to get admission. I called them and sent the document again and again. I was despairing of studying in Indiana. After that I received it from university of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. I had everything I needed. I made reservations for flaying and living in a hotel. Finally I went to the U. S. Then I started studying English the English Institute at the university. I wanted to improve my English. After finishing the Institute I will start my academic. After all those events I have had amazing life there. Now I have two admissions. In conclusion I did believe what I did it but that what I have now. I would like to say thank a lot to anyone helps me to did that. Therefore I realized that being in the U. S for reasons I was unknowing. I have learned many issues that I never thought I will learn them. So now I hope to start to study my major.
