Poetry and Music Art Expressions Wikipedia defines art as a human activity made with the intention of stimulating the human senses as well as the human mind by transmitting emotions and or ideas. There are many different forms of art humans use to express themselves. Poetry and Music are two forms of art that share many similarities. Poetry expresses feelings through metaphors. A metaphor is a way of describing something by calling it something else for example The princess is a shining jewel or excitement can be expressed as a storm. These concepts are then linked into a full story. Such stories can have additional structural properties. Two examples of these properties are metric and rhyme. To have a specific metric the story is divided into paragraphs of equal number of lines. Rhyme on the other hand makes the sound of the ending of the lines the same or the sound of the last words . Because poetry is something unique each poet creates its own style sharing this style in his creations of beauty. Poems are the result of a complex process of discovery of feelings that generate new ideas at the very moment of the writing. Because poems are abstract they can be both difficult to write and to understand. The understanding of a poem is not the most important issue but the appreciation of the new ideas feelings and experiences the poet is trying to communicate. Music on the other hand is basically a concatenation of sounds into what is called a melody. This melody also evokes feelings as poetry does. Metric is also used in these melodies to structure it in coordinated time intervals. Besides metric harmony is another property of the music that defines the smooth transitions between the sounds to make them amenable to the ear. Music as poetry has many styles. Different styles of music like rock classic and pop provoke different feelings. Music can engage the listener into different additional activities such as singing or dancing. Although poetry and music are unique expressions of Art both evoke feelings and have similar structural features such as metric and others particular to each other such as rhyme in the case of poetry and harmony in the case of music. However they use different elements poetry uses words and music uses sounds. Nevertheless it is important to remember that poetry and music are art expressions that share more similarities than the ones we can see at first sight. This is why I love poetry and music.
