Nightmare in laboratory room I had never heard a horrible memory in my life. My major was chemistry so I liked laboratory work. When I was a freshman most laboratory work was easy for me. I wanted to work hard like Albert Einstein who was physics. When I was junior of college I decided organic chemistry to my major. When I went to an organic chemistry laboratory room for the first time I thought Wow my dream came true it is real laboratory work and it is awesome. However nightmare was coming. My first laboratory work was blending material. I had confidence because I had waited to do laboratory work so I studied for a long time. It was easy for me and my partner was proud of me. I did not listen to the lecture because I already knew how I could handle it. While working on the project my assistant teacher gave my group to warn because he wanted us to work together. I pretended to listen to my assistant's advice and I did my job. I handled good but to frustrate was coming to me. During laboratory work I had to pour basic dyestuffs which are chemical stuffs. There were basic dyestuffs and acid dyestuffs . I should have picked basic dyestuffs but I picked acid dyestuffs . Suddenly the blending material was burning. I was panic and I had no idea what I should do. I decided to pour water on it but I could not move my body. Everyone was frustrated. My partner called my assistant teacher. He brought sand and to pour water. The fire was gone. I could not look my assistant teacher because I noticed a scowl on his face. He gave my group penalties and told us to clean the laboratory room. However my nightmare was not finishing. I cleaned hard because I wanted to recover his trust. While cleaning in the laboratory room my cellular phone rang. As soon as I picked up the phone I heard smashing sounds. A lot of laboratory equipment fell dawn. I did not want to be there. I just wanted to run out from laboratory room. My assistant teacher said me I am going to give you F of grade and as soon as you finish to cleaning just follow me. After cleaning I went to Assistant room . He was smiling. I wondered if he might be angry but he was not. He said Why don't you apply to my laboratory room. I never have seen a student who prepared laboratory work. I am going to ask my professor to join my project . I doubted my ears. I accepted this suggestion. Even though a couple of hours were nightmare I got a big chance. Since then I have worked in a laboratory room.
