We are all the same American and Chinese It is apparently that Americans are much different from the Chinese people in appearance however do they Maybe these two peoples are much similar than most people's thinking when the surface differences are ignored. First of all American and Chinese peoples share very similar diet habits. American for example is one of the most meat favor people which means most Americans like all kinds of meat cuisines. A representative and very typical dish on American's dinning table would be the steak. On the other side of the planet while Americans are chewing their thick juicy steak Chinese people are enjoying fish or pork dishes. Interestingly these two peoples also share similar cooking hobbies. When a steak is ready to serve Americans butter the steak to enrich the taste and a steak of course is also served with greasy side dishes such as French fires and the Texas rose or the Texas style onion ring. In contrast Chinese people stew their favorite pork chops in heavy oil condition. These porker chops are pre fried with flour coating and stewed in souse leading to a juicy and strong flavored taste. Even the best Chinese chefs are well trained to reduce that greasy taste by using amazing side dishes such as pickled cucumber the pork chop still contains high fat and obstructs blood vessels efficiently just like the steak platter. Another similarity is these two peoples like similar entertainments in general. Today gambling affair has become the hottest money making business in the United States because of the prior success in the casino city the Las Vegas. Nowadays thirty eight states in the U. S. Have authorized the legalizations of gambling. Even the most conservative states have started changing their minds about gambling. In 2004 Pennsylvania for instance has tasted the sweetness of gambling business because of the trial of slot machine. Only fourteen spots in Pennsylvania are allowed to set up slot machines however the business is too good to believe. Hence the conservative state government and the authorities of cities in Pennsylvania are fighting for opening more and more spots for gambling to improve the financial dilemmas of cities such as Pittsburgh. In comparison through the return of the Macau special administrative region which was a small island ruled by Portugal China has processed the fastest ATM machine of the world. According to the latest business report the revenue of gambling business in Las Vegas has been dethroned by that in Macau in 2006. Further the World Tourism Organization says that the Macau region is expected to receive between 24 and 25 million visitors in 2007. Most visitors are considered to be Chinese people and they go to Macau for only one purpose gambling. Today the authority of mainland China does not only taste sweetness of gambling business but also they have to deal with the side effects such as increasing criminal rate. That is the casinos are confined on the small island because the government of China knows that the Chinese people can not control the natural obligation toward gambling. In conclusion Americans and Chinese people are very similar in the culinary styles they like and the entertainments they have. Maybe they still have many similarities people do not notice. In fact if we keep traveling we might realize that the differences among different colors races and counties are not as obvious as our thinking. Because we are all human beings we should not allow the impropriate prejudices to narrow our minds. For a better world we can stop discrimination together.
