New York City and Beijing City are similar or different New York City is on the west hemisphere and Beijing is on the east hemisphere many people think they are quite different also they speak different languages New Yorkers speak English while Beijing's speaking Chinese however they are very similar in many aspects such as the size position population education and culture etc. Firstly the size area and weather of New York City and Beijing are similar. New York City is the largest city in the United States. The five boroughs of New York City together cover 786 sq km. Also Beijing is one of the largest city in China it has 16 districts and 2 counties. The total area is 16807. 8 Sq km. Its planned urbanized area covers 750 sq km. New York temperature ranges from 41 and Beijing are similar. New York City is the center of global finance communications and business and it is also the home of the United Nations. New York City is very unusual with other cities in the United States due to its high residential density. Population of the city of New York was over 8 million. Beijing is the capital of China the center of political economic and culture. It has 14 million people. There are more than 100 embassy of foreign countries located in Beijing. There is also a significant characteristic between New York City and Beijing city. In New York there are many immigrants that do the hard work and low pay job. In Beijing it is very similar that there are many labors from other province cities or even rural areas to come to Beijing who want to find more challenges and opportunities also do the hard work and low pay job. Finally education and culture of these two cities New York City and Beijing are also very similar. New York City has many educational and culture opportunities. Besides over 100 institutions of higher education in New York there are the oldest wealthiest and most famous of New York's institutions of higher education Columbia University. The City University of New York CUNY remains the largest urban educational institution in the United States. There are also a great deal of performing arts such as Lincoln Center is the largest performing arts center in the world a wide range of artistic and historical many museums such as the famous one The Metropolitan Museum of Art Museum of Modern Art while Beijing also has many educational and culture opportunities. Beijing also has about 100 colleges or universities and a lot of performing arts centers and Museums. The famous universities like Peking University just lie in Beijing. The national theater also located in Beijing. Although these two cities New York City and Beijing have many difference one is in west hemisphere and the other is in east hemisphere one speaks English and the other speaks Chinese they also share many things in common such as from the view of size area weather position and population education and culture of these two cities. From the point of above views you cannot deny that New York City and Beijing city are very similar.
