Library Comparison Both University of Pittsburgh Pitt and The Pennsylvania State University Penn State are public universities of Pennsylvania. We tend to make an easy judge on these two schools' libraries there is no big difference between them. However after I moved to Pittsburgh from Penn State and I go to Hillman Library of Pitt very often. I gradually feel compelled to compare it with Pattee and Paterno Library of Penn State in three aspects hardware software and atmosphere. Frankly a library is very complicated and it is related to a large number of aspects. Here what I compare is just covered by my current study activities in these two libraries. One important difference is hardware. As far as hardware of a library is involved here it includes the library building its structure and the arrangement of assistant function parts in it. The building of Hillman Library is like a cube and very magnificent. Nearly all its assistant function parts are located in its center including stairways elevators and water fountains. On the other hand Pattee and Paterno Library of Penn State is composed of two separate rectangular buildings. Its accessory functional parts such as restrooms and stairways are hidden from people's easy sights. On the surface the Pattee and Paterno Library is not outgoing and very commonly decorated. The different space arrangement of two libraries makes them very remarkably different to readers. On the outside Hillman Library looks very large. Actually a large amount of of its inside space is wasted by its particular structure. It is obviously smaller than Pattee and Paterno Library. In Hillman Library at least half of the seats are without power sockets. But in the Pattee and Paterno Library readers can easily find a socket close to their seats. Another point is that the space above the desk in Hillman Library is not high enough to fit an unfolding laptop very well. But there is no problem like this in Pattee and Paterno Library. Another difference is software. Here software of a library refers to its book collection and internet service. Hillman Library has 4 908 913 monograph volumes 50 232 current serials received and 7543846 microfilm materials. On the other hand Pattee and Paterno Library has 5 031 196 monograph volumes 68 445 current serials received and 5 202 694 microfilms. Hillman library has more electronic version books and journals. Pattee and Paterno Library has more books in the engineering science business and law. But Hillman Library has much more books in medicine than Pattee and Paterno Library. Especially the East Asian Library of Hillman Library holds much more books in eastern Asia language the Pattee and Paterno Library. In addition wireless internet signal in Hillman Library is extremely unstable so readers cannot make a working internet connection which discourages readers to use laptops. While Pattee and Paterno Library wireless service has been put into practice for several years and there is no problem related to wireless signal. Finally atmosphere is an important aspect for readers. Here the atmosphere of a library means whatever encourages or discourages people to study in it. Atmosphere determines the library of a university is a comfortable place for studying or not. The furniture in Hillman Library looks worn out especially the chairs and open stacks which give readers a desolated feeling. Its windows are not clean and the blinds don't work well at all which distract readers' attention from books. Randomly using cell phone by some readers makes other readers freaking out when they focus on their work. Reading seats and computer seats are open. Readers are easily distracted by pass bys. While in Pattee and Paterno Library furniture has an enduring surface which is attractive for reader to take a seat and start reading. Clean carpet and clear windows and other related parts working very well further comfort readers to stay in the library. Also there is easily noticeable sign to remind readers of a place in it that is a permitted area for cell phone service. All seats for reading and using computers are well separated by barriers. In addition Hillman Library is very noisy because its main stairwell is arranged in the center of the building and the bumping sound of doors is very loud. In the third floor and fourth floor the floor is paved with hard surface plastic bricks. When readers drag and move chairs they frequently make a very annoying noise which affects others' reading severely. Or readers' steps on them can produce a big sound. However in Pattee and Paterno Library all seats are arranged far away from common areas. And all floors are covered with carpet. So it keeps very quiet. I was happy to read that Among the elite research libraries in North America Pitt's library system ranks in the top 25 in total materials ahead of such other prestigious institutions as Northwestern Vanderbilt Notre Dame Dartmouth and MIT. From director of the University Library System at the University of Pittsburgh. However the differences between these two libraries I listed above could direct me to draw a conclusion there is a lot of room for Pitt to improve its library for readers if it hopes Hillman Library to be representative of its academic level.
