Scheduling Free Time VS Not Scheduling Free Time Most of us schedule our day whether we do it consciously or unconsciously. Everyday as soon as we wake up we are already busy planning all our activities for the day. Usually as we go to bed we continue to think and plan our activities for the following day. This routine continues everyday. Because of these facts people prefer to plan also their free time carefully. However for some people free time means a time to relax without any plans which means there are some people who are not scheduling their free time. Planning our time means that we don't miss anything and don't waste our time on unnecessary matters. Time is Money and time flies very quickly. It is very important to plan every second. For instance you are planning for a trip where you have never gone before. Usually we search on the internet for information or tickets access the hotel websites for reservation or looking through brochures to plan our trip in advance. Furthermore some people are checking their car for best conditions and preparing a checklist to pack their baggage the night before. Being prepared means prevention of the least problems and unexpected events. We are doing all of these to avoid any unexpected or unnecessary events that might be happen. However we all have experiences about not keeping our schedules or plans. Sometimes we are too exhausted to do them as it is planned. Sometimes we want time for ourselves or want do as it is not planned. That is why some people prefer making no plans for a trip. They want to relax themselves without any schedules or plans and want to forget about everything. Being rid of all their worries and letting the time passing. They want to enjoy the free time as it is defined. For example spending time with their family at home watching TV talking with friends exercising or sleeping without doing anything. These examples give us the most pleasure without doing any great plans in advance. These activities are very simple to do. In conclusion we are living in a modern society. The system of the society is changing so quickly and all is planned. We are accustomed to it but this matter makes people sometimes exhausting. Our free time is the paradise for us. That's why people are preparing their free time very carefully. On the other hand there are some people who want to be rid of those plans. They want their free time as it is. They want doing their activities without any planning. Scheduling our free time or not both have their advantages to get rid of for a moment from the reality.
