Culture Shock Have you seen people who are eating a monkey brain in a country If you see them you would be shocked. However a monkey brain could be the country's traditional food. That is why it is not unusual for people who live in the country to eat it. Similarly when I came to the U. S I had to encounter difficulty adapting to American culture because I was born in Korea and had lived there for almost my whole life. It means I did not know about American culture at all. I have lived with American family for 10 months so I have been adapting to American culture. If I do everything with a Korean way and thinking in my house my host family would not want to live with me. While I have been dealing with the culture shock I have been able to find differences between the U. S and Korea in terms of eating habit clothing and fundamental value. One difference is eating habit between the U. S and Korea. When Koreans eat food they use chopsticks and a spoon. They always eat rice and soup at mealtimes. Also they arrange side dishes in a table and then they start to pick up the dishes with chopsticks. On the other hand Americans usually use a folk and knife and they do not have main food. For example they could eat a piece of bread potato and chicken for breakfast lunch and dinner. In other words the main food does not exist in the U. S. Also they pass around plates which include the food to a person next to them after they arrange food. Another difference is clothing. Koreans tend to judge people with what people wear. For instance if a man wears clothes which are made by expensive and famous brand Koreans will have a good image about him. In contrast Americans do not care no matter what people wear. They usually wear casual clothes. It means that they prefer to wear comfortable clothes than expensive ones. They sometimes take T shirts off when they feel hot. Unlike them Koreans do not do that because showing body to other people outside is impolite for them. For example when I saw bikini girls in the park who lied down on the grass I was shocked. At that time they seemed like that they did not care whoever saw them. The big difference between the U. S and Korea is fundamental value. Respect to older people is crucial for Koreans. They have two different ways to speak Korean. One is a way for speaking to older people and another one is a way for speaking to people who are same or younger age. For example they use you when they call a person who is younger than them or same age. However they do not use you when they call a person who is older than them. They have other words which represent older people instead of you . Furthermore they bow to older people. Surprisingly even if my friend is 1 year older than me I bow to my friend. Unlike them Americans think that everyone from kids to the elderly is equal. Even kids can call the elderly just you . In addition all of them regardless of how old they are use shaking hands to say hello and good bye. While I live in the U. S I have thought that American culture is totally different from Korean culture about eating habit clothing and fundamental value. Because I am living and studying in the U. S I should learn and adapt to American culture. If people want to migrate to a foreign country and study abroad they should adapt to the country's culture.
