Difference is not Different Overall soccer and tennis are completely different. Soccer is a team sport which has more than 20 players in a soccer field. On the other hand tennis is an individual sport. There are only 2 fighters in a court. Although tennis can be a team sport when determining the number of player in each team it is extremely different from soccer. Of course no rules in each sport are similar. However both of them share some features in common. One similarity is popular. The number of soccer's fans is in billions or we can say that in every country there is a bunch of soccer's fans. Some of them follow not only a team from their hometown but also a team from a major league. That is why there are a great number of soccer's fans all over the world. In Europe there are many major leagues such as Premier League in England Serie A in Italy and La Liga in Spain. Moreover almost every multi sport event includes soccer in the competition because it's a sport that people especially men are able to play easily. Similarly tennis is a very famous sport in many countries and has a great number of fans. As you can see in a grand slam competition it's very difficult to get a ticket because there are high demands. On top of that there are four grand slam games in a year Australian Open French Open Wimbledon and U. S. Open. Those of the games are always able to grab audience's attention. Besides tennis is the one of a multi sport event such as Olympics Asian Game or even a school game. Being able to make huge money is one of similarities. David Beckham is an obvious example of a soccer player who gains a lot money income from his career. In 2007 his income is 55 million which increase around 30 million from last year. Furthermore many companies hire soccer players as presenters of their product especially sporty products such as Nike Adidas or Reebok. Although they have to pay a lot of money for hiring soccer stars the profits are greater than that. Many customers want to buy soccer shoes just because they see their star use them in a game. For a soccer team in a major league a company which owns a team can make money by selling game tickets souvenirs or team shirts. Man Utd is regarded as the richest soccer team in the world which its profit is more than the capital in some small countries. Likewise Roger Federer is the top tennis player who gains a great annual income. He got the prize from many competitions and also from advertisement. His income is considered to be the highest income in tennis history. Furthermore a lot of companies not only sporty product but also others make advertisement by hiring tennis players to attract customers. Move on to the price of tennis tickets it's very expensive especially a Grand Slam's ticket. Manager and anyone who relate in this event always get a wonderful profit because of that. In order to get the cheapest one customers might have a very far seat which they can see a player smaller than an ant. There are many famous super stars in both sports. However David Beckham is a soccer star that almost every one knows him. He became famous when he was a player in Man Utd team. One of the reasons is his appearance. He is handsome and always dress fasionable suit. Moreover he has an accurate free kick which helps his team from being a loser many times. His personality is also a reason that makes him a star. He is polite and plays hard in every game. In the same way Roger Federer is a tennis star that won many prize. He has held the first rank of the world since in 2004. Also he is a good looking guy that many women like him. Furthermore his performance in a court is the best in every type of the court. He also has a powerful serves. Nowadays it is claimed that no one can defeat him easily. Besides he intends winning in every game and plays very hard. In sum tennis and soccer are a sport which if someone overlook both sports overall he she can't see the similarity. However when paying closed attention both of them have many similarities. A popular sport attractive money income and super stars are some similarities which are able to be noticed easily.
