Aware similarities and open up doors Have you ever heard the word Yoga Thon It is a coined word that shows the event of the twenty four hour Yoga done by Yoga fans in New York. You might think that marathon and yoga each are totally different sports. Marathon is a time honored athletic sport to compete for better time. On the other hand Yoga is gaining popularity among women seeking for relaxation. However there are many unrecognized similarities between them. One of remarkable similarities is that both of them have a long history. Marathon dates back to 490. BC. At that time a legend of a soldier Pheidippdes was created and he ran from a battle field in Greece to Athens after the war against Persian to convey the victory. Marathon was the name of the town where the fighting occured. Later marathon was regarded as one of the events in the first modern Olympic game in 1896. Yoga also originated in ancient India about five thousand ago. It was a kind of spiritual practices related to the religious belief and its name Yoga means unite or integrate in Sanskrit. Since the early nineteenth century when Yoga was introduced to the Western world it has evolved into a form of exercise focusing on the physical aspect. The indispensable part of flows of both marathon and Yoga is controlling breathing. Marathon requires consecutive rhythmic breathing. It brings enough amount of oxygen into the body to keep steady pace. This aerobic exercises help to burn fat effectively. Like marathon yoga places much importance on breathing. The way of inhale air deeply and slowly promotes delivery of oxygen throughout the body and an increase in basal metabolic rate. Another similarity is that both of them require maintaining mental composure. On the way of the long distance goal a runner has to keep his own pace according to his judgement. He has no time to ask his coach for the advice and no teammate during running unlike other team games. Mental strength is crucial for complete the race. Yoga also requires concentration in the process of all the postures. Many postures needs balancing the body like standing on one foot or supporting the body with hands and toes. At that time mental composure is significant to create perfect postures smoothly in a series of movements. Finally marathon and yoga offers us the easy access to start them. You can start to jog by yourself in your neighborhood which would be the first step a becoming a marathon runner. The only thing that you prepare is buying running shoes. In addition most of the municipal offices hold local marathon races open to public. There is a wide variety of course such as 5 kilometer marathon and full length marathon so that people can take part in it easily. Similarly you can have lots of opportunities to practice yoga today. You only have to buy a yoga mat. Lessons of yoga are held in gyms and local sport facilities here and there. Moreover various DVD of yoga lessons have sold and you can watch and practice it at home whenever you want. As we have seen there are a lot of similarities between marathon and yoga in their history the roles of breathing the mental aspects and the access to start. People sometimes adhere to their favorite sports without trying new sports unfamiliar to them. However this thought might make you miss good chances. Although one sport seems to be very different from other sports that you know well it would be more similar to them than you think in some way. If you have a motivation to try new sports regardless of your fixed image you will widen your view and experience pleasure of various sports.
