A place where you live Each person has a preferred place to live. Some people want to live in an urban area having many people and convenient businesses around them but other people want to live in a rural area with pristine nature and sparsely populated areas. Since people interact with the environment where they live the surroundings are crucial aspects to consider. People have been significantly affected by their surroundings. Presumably the surroundings can influence a habitant's behavior personality and mind forming. Thus people choose their place of residence by personal inclination or prior values that they believe important for their life. Regardless of where you live you can savor advantages in each area and eventually you will adapt to your environment. However the benefits and effects in those areas are very distinctive so we cannot measure which area is better or worse to live in because both ways have their peculiar characteristics that are incomparable. In the first place the best merit of living in a rural area is the pristine environment. The people who want to live amid the mountain river or ocean try their best to harmonize with their environment. They avoid harming the environment as best as they can because they came to nature to stay away from artificial life. Having an idyllic life seems their ultimate goal. Despite having inconveniences such as a long drive to buy the necessities of life attend cultural events such as movies galleries and sporting events their back yard could be regarded as an organic farm where they plant vegetables with absolutely no agricultural chemicals. Also the natural phenomena that happen around their neighborhood are the most dramatic movies in the world. For instance experiencing the four seasons in nature could not be compared with any spectacle movie. None of the movies can perfectly describe the intrinsic value of the natural changes in the four seasons such as leaf buds and birds' singing in spring green forest and the glaring sun of summer mighty nature's exquisite canvas of beautiful fall foliage and the brisk wind of fall and the immaculate white snow in winter. Furthermore you can see millions of stars and endless sky with bare eyes every night. If you live in nature your walking becomes a therapeutic walk in the forest and if you grow vegetables those become organic vegetables. In the second place the majority of the world's population lives in urban areas because our society is becoming more sophisticated and civilized. These people build schools hospitals and many other businesses to ease their life. They can access the newest technologies and information very easily and having this social infrastructure helps people live comfortably. Breaking from primitive life they formed society. Living together makes people's lives significantly more convenient. Although they might lack trees vast prairies and fresh air their industrialized society outweighs these deficits. The urban area is the place where you can do everything whenever you want to due to its accessibility. For example you can order Mexican food at midnight with a single phone call or you can buy fish even though you are living far away from the ocean. In addition you can use advanced technical devices such as GPS PDA and wireless internet service. Moreover they can have a great many different kinds of pleasure by spending time with other people. Since people are defined as social animals they can share their interest by interacting with each other. People enjoy watching sports teams and rooting for the same team together or they can attend a book club or dance club to socialize. Conclusively people choose their environment of residence according to their prior value for quality of life. Some people want to live near nature to relish mighty nature's amazing faces while other people want to live in an urban area appreciating the facilities of civilization. However neither living situation can be complete with just one side. In other words none of us can live by merely urban life or rural life. People in rural areas need places to buy essentials for living and people in urban areas need places to relax and refresh. Thus at a certain point these lives have a premise of mutual complement.
