I had never expected to meet them outside of the stage and see them on the stage either. After I graduated from high school I started to look for a job before I went abroad. At first I could not find any work to do but after searching for two weeks one of my friends helped me found one because she knew some people who worked in that store and luckily I was accepted. The store I worked was selling Japanese style clothes and was located in a region where teenagers love to spend most of their time hanging with their friends. It was the first time I worked as a real clerk. We had to learn how to fold clothes what to say when we saw customers come in and to remember that always wear smiles on our faces. When I had worked for only two weeks I met them. It was February 5 2007 a normal day as I went to work. When I arrived all of my colleagues were having brunch. People who have a job like ours have a different life style. It is hard for us to get up in the morning and we always have to work until midnight. I was excited all day because I knew they were going to perform in my city. As time passed on to the time for dinner two men came in. They were both foreigners whose hair were blond and dark brown. I did not pay much attention at them because I thought they were just people who were visiting Taiwan and experiencing the night life although the main reason was that I was charged of girls' clothes. A few minutes later after they went upstairs looking for boys clothes I went upstairs too to ask my colleagues whether they needed anything to eat. Before I could ask them one of my colleagues asked me for help. They were poor in English and they knew that I was going to study abroad. For this reason I ought to speak very well in English or I could understand what they needed. Conceding this reason I took the case. They were really nice when I took their case. They both were good looking but not very tall. I started to talk to them asked them what they needed and introduced clothes to them. I only thought they were dancers because the dark brown haired man was dancing while I was talking to another man. They seemed to like our store very much because both of them bought a lot. Before they left I knew the blond man called Tim and he promised me that they would come back later. After they left one of my colleagues told me that they were from 'Cats'. I was so surprised and shocked. I had been looking forward to their show for a long time and now I meet them personally. I thought I might never meet them again. However twenty minutes later when they came back they brought more people. All of them were about ten to fifteen people! I was really surprised that his later was so soon I thought they would come back after a few days and was glad that I could see them again. Therefore I took this chance to observe them. All of the boys were strong but most of them were not tall. A couple of girls were as tall as some of the boys. All of them were nice and young but there were too many people and I could only serve three people at a time so my colleagues came to help me. I started to talk to them and tried to ask them about 'Cats' but then I thought maybe it was not a good idea because they might not want other people to know where they worked. They probably needed some personal time to have fun. They left an hour before our store closed. I was really happy to meet them and was disappointed that I did not bring my camera that day. Then I had a day off the following day. When I got back to work one of my colleagues told me that Tim and his friends were there last night and were looking for me. It was shame that I could not meet Tim for the last time and they did not show up after that day. I should not have taken a day off or I could contact him if I get his email. Now I am taking notice of when they will come to Pittsburgh. I hope I could see their show and meet Tim off stage but do not hope that he could still remember me. If I meet him again I definitely will ask him for his email.
