Could you imagine that people actually buy food and clothes for ghosts and even give them money too Many countries have a holiday for ghosts but in Taiwan we have a whole month for them. That is because we have a different calendar called the lunar calendar. The way it works depends on the moon. For example if the month is now August then in the lunar calendar is July which is Taiwan's ghost month. And when this month comes Buddhists will have lots of activities for ghosts. But these sound like superstitions for people who do not believe in them. The three main activities are opening the gate of Hell burning a boat for protected guards that send from God and preparing food for ghosts on the fifteenth of July. On the first of July the most powerful temple in Taiwan will open the gate of Hell to let ghosts come to earth. After this day there are many rules will come up because ghosts will stay around with people day and night and of course it is scarier when night comes. The first important rule is that people cannot move from place to place and cannot get married either. They think they will have bad luck if they do above things because ghosts might stick with them. Another important rule is people had better not go to the sea or the river even swimming in the pool during this month. When people open the gate every kind of ghosts comes to earth. Ghosts who died by accident or murdered drowned by water or suicide. Those ghosts will go to the place where they died and try to get living people to die at the same place so that they can reincarnate. Therefore comparing land and water water is more dangerous than land because when you are in water the floor is way below your feet. This is the point that you will drown easily because your feet are not standing on the floor. People often will stay away from dangerous activities and be careful not to die in this month. Next burning a boat for protected guards that send from God is to let deities come down to earth to look after people. This boat will be big but not enough for people to use. Every year the protected guards will come to earth once at this time. First they will sail the boat around the land on the sea making sure there are no accidents or any problems that will happen to the people who work on the sea. The sea is really unsafe because lots of people died from nature or accidents. Then they will sweep the land listen to people who pray and report what they need this year to God. They also will check whether there are enough rain for people to grow grain and whether there are enough crops for people to eat. This willdecide the following months' weather. Last Buddhists have to prepare some food for ghosts on the fifteenth of July. There are some reasons for them to do this. One is for their ancestors and another is for those homeless ghosts. The Buddhists will put food such as chicken pork fish vegetables munchies and drinks on a table in front of their house during noontime for ghosts to eat and people will finish them later. The taste of the food actually will change after this religious service. The smell and the taste will be a little bit subtle. It is hard for humans to notice this little change. The reason why Buddhists have this religious service is because they believe that providing the food to the ghosts can help them get enough energy to reincarnate. Also Buddhists often go to temples during this month. They can let their ancestors know that they are healthy wishing their forefathers to protect them and make their future more smooth. All in all the activities for this month are to make sure that there are no starving ghosts and help them reincarnate. Also people should not have any dangerous activities and be careful not to die in this month. The Buddhists all hope that their ancestors can have a better life in the next reincarnation. As for those homeless ghosts they hope they can reincarnate too. But have a better life They may just not want them to come back on earth again. Actually July is not a scary month if you did not do anything illegal or the most simple way just do not believe in these superstitions.
