Nowadays there are a lot of kinds of novel in world. Since I was children I love read novel. My parents usually took me to the book store and let me stayed here in every holiday. Thus I have read many novels. Besides I know multitude of people want to read books but they don't know what kind of book they should read or they would interested. Even more how to read this kind of novel If you want to find interesting book or want to know how to read novel. For those reason I can classify the novel that I like to read into three kinds romance detective fantasy. The first kind of novel is romance. In this kind of novel is primary focus on the relationship and describe the relationship between two people and usually have an emotionally satisfying and optimistic ending. Although sometime writer give an unhappy ending it still show an optimistic meaning in the ending. In my opinion romance novel should be read in very relax environment and shouldn't take a lot of time and energy because it is not a serious novel. It should make you feel lovely and happiness. To illustrate Be with you wrote by Takuji Lchikawa Pride and Prejudice wrote by Jane Austen and Crying Out Love In the Center of the world wrote by Kyoichi Katayama. The second kind of novel is detective. Detective novel is centers upon the investigation of a crime usually murder by a detective either professional or amateur. In detective fiction the investigator has some source of income other than detective work and some undesirable eccentricities or striking characteristics. He or she frequently has a less able assistant or foil who acts as an audience surrogate for the explanation of the mystery at the end of the story. Usually in detective novel you will spend more time to read it because you need to think about all the thing had happened and pay attention in a lot of detail which mentioned in the novel. For example Sherlock Holmes wrote by Conan Doyle and Ars ntasy uses magic and other supernatural forms as a primary element of plot theme and setting. For example in the story usually appear vampire werewolf and unicorn. This kind of novel is my favorite because it always has a lot of adventure in story and describes the courage love and excitement. There are several novels I love The Sage of Darren Shan and The Demonata wrote by Darren Shan The Lord of the Rings wrote by J. R. R. Tolkien The Chronicles of Narnia wrote by C. S. Lewis and Harry Potter wrote by J. K. Rowling. I usually read those three kinds of novel romance detective and adventure. Those three kinds of novel have different way to read and you will gain different feeling while reading. Romance novels give you optimistic and romantic feeling. You need to consider all of detail thorough story while you read detective novels. In the fantasy novel you use your image and feel excite and horror. Above all I hope you can more easily find interested books to read.
