Could you imagine that people actually will buy food and clothes for ghosts and even give them money too Many countries have a holiday for ghosts. But in Taiwan we have a whole month for them. It is because we have a different calendar called lunar calendar. The way it works is depend on the moon. For example if the month now is August then the lunar calendar is July. Evey lunar calender of July is Taiwan's ghost month. And when this month comes Buddhists will have lots of activities. The three main activities are opening the gate of Hell burning a boat for protect guards from the God and preparing food for ghosts on the fifteenth of July. On the first of July the most powerful temple in Taiwan will open the gate of Hell to let ghosts come to earth. After this day there are many rules come up because ghosts will stay around with people day and night and of course it is scarier when nights come. The first important rule is that people cannot move from place to place and cannot get marry either. They think they will have bad luck if they do things above because ghosts might stick with them. Another important rule is people had better not to go to the sea or the river even the pool swimming during this month. When people open the gate every kinds of ghosts come to earth. Ghosts who dead by accidents or murdered drown by water or suicide. Those ghosts will go to the place where they dead and try to get another alive people die at the same place so that they can reincarnate. So compare land and water water is more dangerous than land because when you are in water the floor is way below to your feet. And this is the point that you will get drown easily because your feet are not standing on the floor. People often will stay away from dangerous activities and be careful not to die in this month. Secondly burning a boat for protect guards from the God is to let deities come down to earth to look after the people. This boat will be big but not enough for people to use. Every year the protect guards will come to earth once at this time. First they will sail the boat around the land on the sea make sure there are no accidents or any problems will happen to the people who work on the sea. The sea is really unsafe because lots of people dead from nature or accidents. Then they will sweep the land listen to people who pray and report what they need this year to the God. They also will check whether there are enough rains for people to grow grain and whether there are enough cropper for people to eat. This willdecide the following months' weather. Last Buddhists have to prepare some food for ghosts on the fifteenth of July. There are some reasons for them to do this. One is for their ancestors and another is for those homeless ghosts. The Buddhists will put food like chicken pork fish vegetables munchies and drinks on a table in front of their house during noon time for ghosts to eat and than people will finish them later. The taste of the food actually will changed after this religious service. The smell and the taste will be a little bit subtle. It is hard for human to notice this little change. The reason why they have this religious service is because they believe they provide the food to the ghosts can help them get enough energy to reincarnate. Also Buddhists often go to temples during this month. They can let their ancestors know that they are healthy wish their forefathers to protect them and make their future more smoothly. All in all the activities for this month is to make sure that there are no ghosts starving and help them reincarnate. Also people should not have any dangerous activities and be careful not to die in this month. The Buddhists all hope that their ancestors can have a better life in the next reincarnation. And for those homeless ghosts they hope they can reincarnate too. But have a better life They may just do not want them to come back on earth again. Actually July is not a scary month if you did not do anything illegal or the simple way just do not believe in these.
