I had never expected to meet them outside of the stage and neither saw them on the stage either. After I graduated from high school I started to find a job before I go abroad. At first I could not find any work to do. After searching for two weeks one of my friends helped me found one because she knew some people who worked there and luckily I was accepted. The store I worked is located in a region where teenagers love to spend most of their time hanging with their friends and is selling clothes Japanese style clothes. It was the first time I worked as a real clerk. We had to learn how to fold clothes what to say when we see customers come in and to remember always wear smiles on our faces. When I had only worked for two weeks I met them. It was February fifth 2007 a normal day as I went to work. When I arrived all of my colleagues were having brunch. People who have a job like ours have a different life style. It is hard for us to get up in the morning and we always have to work until midnight. I was excited all day because I knew they were going to perform in my city. As time passed on to the time for dinner there were two men came in. They were both foreigners whose hair were blond and dark brown. I did not pay much attention on them because I thought they were just people who visiting Taiwan and experiencing the night life. And the main reason was that I was charging of girls clothes. A few minutes later after they went upstairs looking for boys clothes I went upstairs too to ask my colleagues whether they needed anything to eat. Before I could ask them one of my colleagues asked me for help. They were poor in English and they knew that I was going to study abroad. For this reason I should speak very well in English or I could understand what they need. Conceding this reason I took the case. They were really nice when I took their case. They both were good looking people but not very tall. I started to talk to them asked them what did they need and introduced clothes to them. I only thought they were dancers because the dark brown hair man was dancing while I was talking to another man. They seemed to like our store very much that both of them bought a lot. Before they left I knew the blond man called Tim and he promised me that they would come back later. After they left one of my colleagues told me that they were from Cats. I was so surprised and shocked. I have been looking forward to their show for a long time and now I met them personally. I thought I might never meet them again. However twenty minutes later they brought more peoplewhen they came back. Boys and girls all together were about ten to fifteen people! I was really surprised that his later was so soon that I thought they might would come back after few days and glad that I could see them again. Therefore I took this chance to observed them. All of the boys were so strong but most of them were not tall. Girls were as tall as some of the boys. All of them were nice and young but there were too many people and I could only served three people at a time so my colleagues came to helped me. I started to talk to them tried to ask them about Cats. But then I thought maybe it was not a good idea because they might not want other people know where they work. They probably needed some personal time to have fun. They left an hour before our store closed. I was really happy to meet them and was disappointed that I did not bring my camera that day. Then I had a day off on the following day. When I got back to work one of my colleagues told me that they were there last night and were looking for me. It was so shame that I could not meet Tim for the last time and they did not show up after that day. I should not have taken a day off or I could be able to contact him if I got his email. Now I am taking notice of when they will come to Pittsburgh. I hope I could see their show and meet Tim off the stage but not hope that he can still remember me. If I meet him again I definitely will ask him his email.
