Alternative fuel refers to another type of fuel rather than traditional gasoline or diesel. Nowadays traditional fuels encounter with some severe problems such as high cost tight environmental laws and the public opinion that insists on reducing green house effect gases. Due to these reasons the research on alternative fuel has become a critical issue. There are three major types of alternative fuels that are regarded as the key points of alternative fuel research bioethanol biodiesel and hydrogen. Bioethanol is one of the biofuels fuels which can be gained from living things and represents them. It attracts high attention recently because of its several advantages in environmental and economical aspects. Bioethanol can be easily obtained from sugar or starch in crops and grains. Besides this environmental advantage bioethanol has an economic benefit that bioethanol can be used in current cars without any adjustment. It is possible to use bioethanol either alone or in combination with other fuels. It is already being used as a mixed form with gasoline. A label of gasoline started with E followed by specific number the percentage of ethanol represents that it is the mixture of ethanol and gasoline. However despite of these advantages bioethanol has some disadvantages. One of them is its bad effect upon the cost of crops. Because its source is crop the cost of crop might increase highly if bioethanol would be major fuel for vehicle. Also bioethanol cannot reduce the emission of CO2. It is easily mixed with water so it is not easy to handle it purely. Second major alternative fuel is biodiesel. The most beneficial aspect of diesel is its high fuel burn efficiency. Compared with gasoline which has just 23 of fuel burn efficiency fuel burn efficiency of diesel reaches to 50 . This high efficiency of diesel is applied to biodiesel because biodiesel has totally same quality as 'real' diesel. Moreover biodiesel can be obtained from oils in crops and used cooking oil. Even though biodiesel needs high production cost the fact that it can reuse used oil which is enormously poured everyday is very attractive aspect of biodiesel. Last but least type of alternative fuel is hydrogen. Hydrogen fuel is an ideal fuel in that its source is just water and it is clean. Hydrogen is one element of water molecule H2O so it is the most abundant natural source around the world. There are to methods of hydrogen using as a fuel. One of them is combustion which burns hydrogen in engines in the same method as gasoline. Another method is fuel cell conversion that is used in electric cars. In fuel cell conversion hydrogen becomes electricity as a form of fuel cells. With either method the only byproduct from the spent hydrogen is water and the carbon emission is zero. This is the most ideal situation that we can expect for fuel. However hydrogen fuel has a technical problem for storage. Because of its high reactivity hydrogen easily reacts to other materials. The fact that it is hard to control hydrogen safely is blocking progress in the research. As the above explanation there have been various efforts to make efficient alternative fuels. Current fossil fuels produce many problems such as air pollution global warming and exhaustion of natural resources. Therefore alternative fuels are important in both of the economic and environmental aspects. Even though several technical and economic hurdles remain before the alternative fuels can be deployed on a commercial scale the study for bioethanol biodiesel and hydrogen will be continued.
