There are many steps you should follow to prepare a perfect party. First you have to chose the suitable place for the party and be careful about the size of the place because all of the things that are related to the party are set up on that place. Another important thing about the place is transportation. You should chose a good place that guests can come to easily such as by using public transportation. Then make a list of the drinks and meals. You should chose the meals and drinks which can be prepared easily. Because during the party the guests will always eat and drink something. Also you should be careful about alcoholic beverage. If you don't serve too many alcoholic beverages the guests won't have trouble or face serious problems. Then you should decide about the live music or not but live music is always preferred by the guests. If you want to listen to live music at the party you should talk to a music group. Also there are good and successful music groups at some universities or some small night clubs. So if you ask somebody you can find a good music group and the cost also isn't too much. Finally after arranging the place and deciding about meals drinks and music groups you should control everything during the party. Another important thing that for a party the end must be perfect as much as start. If you want to the party continue well you should follow the some steps. First you should care about the guests individually. For example you should ask the guests do you like it or do you need anything . Second you should provide a security during the party. For example you can talk to police station to give you a security or provide a security around the party place. Then you should control the service of the drink and meal. Finally be sure about the music that should brigten up the guests. To sum up there are some important things that you should be carefull. If you want to plan a perfect party you should fulfill all these steps accurately but don't forget the most important thing is the satisfaction of the guests.
