Type of movies When I was little the most important thing for me was watching TV. My mother always upsets about me about that because I was staying for a long time and it was not good for my eye. After I grew up I started to go to the cinema with my friends every weekend and I become more familiar with the movies. I started to understand that there are many types of movies and I started to distinguish between them. Some of the movies are interesting and some are not. I can divide the movies into three types such as comedian movies scary movies and drama movies. The first type is the comedian movies. Actually these kinds of movies are my favorite type because it is always makes me laugh. And I like it also because sometime it's good for all ages. For example some comedian movies are always talked about silly relations ships or funny stuff such as The Last Holiday. This movie is great. It is so funny because it talks about a woman whose crazy about a man and he didn't pay her any attention. In my opinion this type of movies is suitable for most type of people. The second type is the scary movies. Actually these types of movies are also one of my favorite types. Almost this type of movies are always for the adult because some of them are really scary and too much for the children. Some of these movies are based on true event and some of them are fiction. In this type of movies it's always the same thing there should be blood and violence. It is always talk about a stories of ghosts or criminals or murders or mystery stories. I like them because they make me think a lot. For example First Born it talks about a sick woman who killed her baby and bury her. It makes me think about this sick woman and why did she do that. The third type is the drama. This type is not from my favorite because it is often end with sad ending. Most of the drama movies talk about emotions and relationships between couples. Like Sweet November that movie talked about couple who should leave each other because the woman was sick and going to die. That is why some times I don't like the drama movies it is always makes me feel sad. Finally every personality like different type of movies. In my opinion the comedian scary and the drama are the most famous category that many different people watch. In conclusion many kind of movies are beautiful and enthusiastic but it depends on what kind of people are watching.
