Annoying my parents to see how they will react and grab their attention to me it can be a big challenge for me because my parents are very patient with me and they like to lecture me instead of punishing me. I have still found a way to annoy my parents and make them lose their tempers or make them become irrational parents in the world. To make my parents mad at me I can take three steps don't do what they want me to do do what they dislike me doing and make them burst on the top by my intolerable behavior. First of all I had been living with my parents for a pretty long time so I know my parents' personalities well. My father is a serious but moderate temper and my mother is sensible and soft spoken so it is not easy for my parents to show off their bark sides in front of me. I have been living up what they expect of me but to make their high expectations of me to be disappointed is to turn myself into an irresponsible person by starting having some bad habits as smoking doing drugs playing online game all day taking back and much more absurd behavior. The next thing I keep doing the opposite of what my parents want me to do. Soon I will realize that I cannot get their attention by talking back having bad habits or being a potty mouth because they are too busy to spend time with me. The only way I can get myself into trouble is to skip as many as classes I want. For example each time I cut school my teacher always called my parents to find out where I was. After they discovered I was with a bunch of dropouts they started lecturing to me about my unpleasant behavior. As a result skipping classes can be the best way to draw their attention to me. Moreover I become to avoid listening to them and stay out late with bad some companies without saying a word and then my parents will soon begin to feel frustrating of me and want to talk to me about behaving myself. I keep ignoring their advice for me and doing whatever I want to do. Sooner or later my parents' patience with me has already run out at that time and I can assure my parents will burst on the top by my unreasonable behavior and start grounding me and become super emotional parents in the world. Thus I will make myself into the biggest trouble I have ever had. However if I constantly do things such as being an unstable careless rebellious immature person and my parents who want me to have a bright future will not stand by and watch me go down. Doing unpleasant things or having bad attitude toward life in order to see how my parents will respond react and show off their dark sides is an easy thing to do if only I follow these steps disobey my parents' expectations having bad attitudes and habits and ignoring my parents' advice to make them lose their tempers.
