Types of mistakes people make when learning a second language Nowadays many people want to learn a second language but they can't do it well. Why can't they learn it well Because they make some mistakes Using electric dictionary translating native language into second language directly and afraid of using second language to talk or discuss with other people. When we learn English we always use electric dictionary to look for vocabularies because it is very convenient. Although we can know the definition very fast but we don't know it in English. If we can use the dictionary we can know not only the definition in English but also the synonyms it can help us learn more new vocabularies. Besides we can use these new vocabularies to make a sentence it will help you memorize the meaning. We always translate our language into English directly. If we translate directly we might use the wrong grammar and words. For example sometimes when we talk to native speakers we use our language translate into English we think it is right actually they don't understand what we want to talk about. It is a common mistake people always make. Try to think the right grammar and words before talking it will help us improve grammar and know how to use the right words. We are always afraid of using English to talk with other people especially talk to native speakers. Because our pronunciations are not well we can not pronoun the words as same as native speakers we afraid of making mistakes and be laughing. Actually American are friendly if we can talk to them even thought we use wrong words or our pronunciations are bad they will not laugh us. If they don't understand what we want to talk about don't be embarrassed we can use our body language they will understand and correct us. If we can talk to native speakers our English ability will improve very fast. These are some mistakes people always make when we learn a second language. If we can use dictionary instead of using electric one we can learn more new vocabularies and know the definitions in English. If we can think our grammar and right words before we talk we will not make a lot of mistakes. If we can brave to talk to other people in second language we will improve our pronunciations. In my opinion if we can change these mistakes we will learn a second language well.
