School is a reduction of society and students are in the majority of school. Every student has different point of view of grades and also every student the major concerns about learning. Students can be classified into three groups nerds well rounded students and underachievers. First some students have unusually interested in getting good grades and their life goal of a student is to get as possible as all As in every subjects. Most students like nerds are very knowledgeable and they know every signal details in the textbooks. Probably they even know which ANON_NAME_0 of the questions you are asking. They spend less time to socialize with other students and they do not prefer taking part in any clubs nor sports except joining in some kind of math contests or puzzle contests. However they have a strong desire to acquire perfect scores that normal people usually cannot understand. Second the well rounded students are like to do a little big of everything they have a variety of experiences of campus life. They are willing to spend their leisure time with others such as joining ice hokey group and science research at the same time. Most of their grades are not excellent or horrible they usually put the certain amount efforts to get above Cs grades and other efforts to learn how to get along with others in school. Therefore they are not only focus on studies but also they are enjoying their life in school. The well rounded students are easy approachable and remarkably amiable. Third a few students are like underachievers they have low learning desires to enhance themselves. They are not interested in learning every subject because they often have other things to do such as playing with friends or working. They are too busy to sit on the table to read textbooks so must of their grades are far behind the average students. The other underachievers are too lazy to learn and discover knowledge and they do not care about their futures and think of learning is not important. Anyway the possible effort they put is to try not to get flunk out of school and they can get graduate certificated in the end. Finally every participant expresses different desires for knowledge which will show off on his her grades despite of different people have the inequality of intelligent quotient and ability. Students can be divided into three groups above the average students normal students and below the average students.
