A computer is a machine which manages data according to a list of instructions. Today it has become one of the parts of our life. By using it We can receive and sent important mails to somebody and deal with many complicated records within one day. Besides we also can enter Internet to search information or deliver some paper. However do you know why a computer is with strong functions Basically a computer can be divided into three primary parts a software a hardware and a peripheral. The first part the software has three main programs that many people install into their computer operating systems office programs and media programs. An operating system OS is the software that manages the sharing of the resources of a computer and provides programmers with an interface used to access those resources. For example there are some famous OS such as Microsoft windows XP system Mac OS X system and Linux system. In addition we can use office programs to help us simplify our document or data including Microsoft Word Excel PowerPoint programs and so on. Besides Media programs are also very useful tools they can recode information store data or play both. Recording can be done using virtually any form of energy. For instance Nero Burn program Real player program game programs and so on. The next part the hardware is the physical part of a computer including the digital circuitry as distinguished from the computer software that executes within the hardware. There are three types of the hardware in our modern world Desktop computer PC Laptop computer Notebook and Personal digital assistants PDAs . First a desktop computer is a computer made for use on a desk in an office an classroom or a home. Such as home computers personal computers and Internet servers. Second a laptop computer or notebook computer is a small mobile computer which is much smaller than a desktop. It usually uses a single main battery or from an external AC DC adapter which can charge the battery. Finally Personal digital assistants PDAs are handhold computers and also known as pocket computers. PDAs have many uses playing computer games recording survey responses and Global Positioning Systems GPS . The last part the peripheral is a piece of computer hardware that is added to a host computer including printers scanners and modems. First in printers they produce a hard copy of documents stored in electronic form such as EPSON printers or HP printers. Second a scanner is a device that analyzes images printed text or an object and converts it to a digital image. Besides there is a special scanner called 3D scanner which is producing three dimensional models of objects but these types of scanner are considerably more expensive than other types of scanners. Finally a Modem is to produce a signal that can be transmitted easily and decoded to reproduce the original digital data. It is a device that modulates an signal to encode digital information. We usually use it to make internet work. A computer is a good tool that help us deal with many works and search a lot of information that we want to know. Above the description we can understand that a computer is not just consist of the software programs. The constructure of the computer could help us understand how a computer run its work and what a computer is composed.
