It goes without saying that many people have a hobby of martial recently. Also we can gain benefits of martial such as mental practice and stronger body. Many types of martial arts exist throughout the world. Almost they are derived from ancient nations by their circumstance. The following three types of martial arts described in this text are the most popular martial arts Kendo Judo Tae ANON_NAME_0 do Jujitsu Karate Bud and so on. It can be classified three parts of arts in accordance with what you are using using some weapon throwing and kicking. To begin with the group first is Taekwondo and Karate. The purpose of Taekwondo and Karate is to attack. It uses hands and legs but does not use throwing. Through kicking and punching it can make enemy knock down. However in these days after becoming an official exercise Taekwondo and Karate use punch because it counts on a score in a match but punching the face is still prohibited in the match. So they prefer the kick techniques. There are generally 3 types of leg's techniques pushing kicking and chopping. First it is literally to push something by using leg. Second is a chopping from up to down likes as an ax. Kicking is to kick sideways right about turn and the front. Each kicking has the name. In an official match protection clothing requires but it's more flexible because body has to be free to move. There are six things headgear protecting to body arms legs the top of foots and a testis. The second group included Judo jujitsu and wrestling. There are two techniques standing technique such as throwing and tackle and grappling technique such as choking arm bar and rocking. From these two techniques many forms can be transformed. A principle is very easy. For instance one hand throwing is a way to throw a body when your enemy's body comes into your body. First you just lean your back against another player's chest. As soon as your one hand grabs another player's hand bend your knee that lower is more. Finally if you stand up while you are pulling his hand you are able to throw his body over your head. On the mate you can continue to grappling. The last group is kendo which is a morality of sword. To say in easy terms Kendo allows using a weapon such as a sword. Kendo has developed under the ancient wars. Its origin is so controversial because most Asia nations have each martial art to use sword especially Japanese Kendo comes into the spotlight. They have been developing the Kendo as one of sports in order to inform as if the kendo is only Japanese. Kendo this martial art is using sword. In ancient Japan all of Samurais always brought their sword for situation when they faced with an enemy who also has sword. Kendo has many types of form according to their origin. Basically its techniques are four ways lunge cutting striking and defense. Kendo is also useful for you to meditate because it is calm practice. In conclusion it is divided three groups these ultimate goals are meditation. Through building a sound body we can make sound mind. On the whole martial arts can be classified by what you are using to attack aside from above mentioned. In conclusion if you want to learn one of them even though it is divided you had better think of why you want to learn and you can choose one thing that is for you.
