Animals have diverse ways of the living method such as underwater rain forest. Due to the global warming effect our environment throughout the world. Therefore understand their behavior is a good way to protect them. I can use their movement ways to divide them into three groups flying on the sky walking on the ground and swim in the water. The first group animal is bird. The bird of activity is flying on the sky. They are using wings to soar on the sky. Wings are a common feature of the bird such as blue jay and Eagle. Moreover birds have feather cover the skin to get warm in the winter. Most birds reproduce by laying eggs. They make a nest on the tree to protect their baby before they have babies. Most of them like to live in the rain forest. When we do not understand to protect our environment some birds will extinguish in the world because of they can not find out their food in the natural environment. The next group animal is walking on the ground such as lion tiger or polar bear. Most of them are carnivorous which are eating meat. They have fur and hair on their skin. For example the polar bear of the living environment is very cold so their fur can protect them. Polar bear is one of the animal living in the Arctic. They do not like to live in the warm climate which they are afraid to live without ice. Although polar bear can swim in the water he could always. He needs to walk on the ice. Moreover they need both ice and cold climate. If they lack of them they will get extinctive. The last group animal is fish. The fish of activity is to swim in the water. They have both fins and tail to help them. Also they breathe in the water which is the most important element for them. Therefore we should reduce the water pollution. For example when we go to the beach please do not throw out your garbage at the beach. Moreover helping them to change breathe is gill which is next to the mouse. Another features is skin cover the body of fish is scale which is the small flat piece of hard skin. The fish combined with male and female the eggs which reproducing small fish in the water. Animals have particular environment to live on earth. They are living in three kinds of different places such as water ground and sky. Animals are one part of the life on earth. As a consequence of the earth is destroyed animals will disappear. We want to our children can see those animals from generation to generation. We do not want to see them from pictures in the future.
