Learning a second language people generally make some mistakes which delay their learning process. These mistakes are several. However I can classify them into three types Discouraging quickly granting less time than it is needed for the pronunciation practicing exercises and avoiding speaking in public. The first type and the most share by foreign language learners is discouraging quick. This discouragement concerned different skills of the language that they are learning speaking listening and reading. They think that they progress too slowly comparing to their effort and they are really discourage when they can't listen to someone and understand what he is saying they can't speak clearly and they can't read and understand what they are reading. For example learning English as a second language I am always disappointed when I can't listen to someone who seems to speak clearly understand an article I am reading speak clearly to someone. The second type of mistakes people make when learning a second language is that they don't grant enough time for the pronunciation practicing exercises. These types of mistakes induce two main problems Listening and speaking. To listen to someone you need to find out the words that this person is sounding. Even if you know the meaning of the word it is hard to know what words are pronounced. In addition the person who is listening to you can't know what words are said when you pronounce bad. So the pronunciation is central when you learn a new language. The third type of mistakes is that learning a foreign language students tend to avoid speaking in public. They think that they are bothersome for people who listen to them. And then for two reasons they don't speak clearly and they don't speak fast like their listeners. They feel funny or ridicule so that everyone notice them when they speak. However it is known that more you speak more you improve yours speaking abilities. Finally learning a second language students generally make the same mistakes. These mistakes consist of quick discouragement about the slow of the learning process the low amount of time they grant for practicing pronunciation exercises and the fact that they avoid speaking in public. These mistakes are delaying and should be avoided. To avoid these types of mistakes here are some suggestions speak as much as they have the opportunity to speak. Practice a lot pronunciation exercises. Be aware that the learning process takes a long time so that they should be patient.
