The Phantom of the Opera in Musical and Movie All I ask of you With sweet melodies my eyes are closed and my heart is freely floating. If you have a little concern about musical you would hear the name of a world famous musical the phantom of the opera . It was a French novel by Gaston Lenoux and was translated in English and made to a performance movie and play. After that an American director Andrew Loyd Webber depicted it to a musical in 1986 and it has been known the best successful musical of Broadway until now. Actually I didn't have a chance to watch the earlier type of this musical but I had a precious experience of watching this one in musical and in movie was made in 2004 by Joel schumacher in 2005. As watching these two types of the performance I could get unforgettable impression and compare these two types in the performance and the circumstance. In the performance aspect we can consider several strong and weak points in musical and movie. The strongest aspect of watching musical is that we can watch in front of the stage as facing to the actors and actresses. Every stage and performance has its own character and color in a base of the playing music and songs at that time. The audience can be touched by the lively vivid performance in the seats. However the environment of the seats are not same condition to enjoy some of them are close to the stage so the people in the seats can enjoy the performance totally but some of them are too far from the stage so the people in the seats can not recognize even the expression of the actors actresses nor the detail effects of the stage. These limitations can disturb the impression. In addition there is a limitation of the stage. Even though the technology of the performance has been developed the stage is just one or two of a musical theater. With this number of the stage the expression of all the background in the stage is clearly impossible. Moreover the variety of the performance every performance is difference can be a weak point to watching as well as a strong point. For an audience the chance to watch the musical is only one time but when the only chance was worse than usual performance the memory of the audience would be lasting as a bad experience. In contrast the movie provides recording music and songs all the time. Even though people can not feel the lively expressed music they can recognize the facial action of the characters and every detail expression of the stages through the screen. Most of all movie doesn't have any limitation of expression in describe the stages it can jump to the other places and even to the past and future. This lack of the limitation can lead the audience to fall in the story more than the musical. Also because the director made the movie just one time with lots of fund the first investment was enough. The director could spend money to hire skillful orchestra players and editor to make better sound effect. Hence this qualified sound is always ready to play for the audiences. Besides the differences in the performances we can find other differences in the circumstance. When we want to watch the musical we first should go to Broadway where the musical has been playing. If you are living near Broadway it would not be a problem but most of the audiences are living in the other cities or countries so it can be a big challenge to the people in time and budget aspect. The price of the ticket also can be an obstacle to watch the musical. Since the average price is over 70 people must set a time to go to the musical theater and the number of watching should be limited. Further because the performance does not repeat even if we want to watch it again the other performance can not be same one we watched. On the other hand there are a lot of movie theaters in most of cities so we just pick a theater and spend a little time to go there. It is the superb usefulness of movie. Also the price of ticket is very cheap compare with one of musical. These two things make the movie be accessible more than musical. In addition after watching the movie we can purchase DVD title easily to contain the work for a long time and can watch any time repeatedly. Musical it must have its own affinity to allure people with the lively played music in front of the audiences. However people can contact to the movie work more easily enjoy the detail performance with relatively cheap price and also keep the same work in personally. Therefore unless you have a chance to go to Broadway I'd like to recommend going to the movie theater to enjoy high quality performance. As same matter you can keep the work as a DVD title when you like the performance.
