Nowadays there are many kinds of novels in world. Since I was a child I loved reading novels. My parents usually took me to the bookstore and let me stay there every weekend. Thus I have read many novels. Besides I know a multitude of people who want to read books but they don't know what kinds of books they should read or they would interested in. If you want to find an interesting book or want to know how to read a novel I can classify the novels that I like to read into three kinds romance detective and fantasy. The first kind of novel is a romance. In this kind of novel the primary focus is on the relationship and it describes the relationship between two people. It usually has an emotionally satisfying and optimistic ending. Although a writer will sometimes give an unhappy ending it still shows an optimistic meaning in the ending. In my opinion a romance novel should be read in a very relaxable environment and shouldn't take a lot of time and energy because it is not a serious novel. It should make you feel romantic and happy. A few examples of this type of novel are Be With You by Takuji Lchikawa Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen and Crying Out Love In the Center of the World by Kyoichi Katayama. The second kind of novel is a detective novel. A detective novel centers upon the investigation of a crime usually a murder by either professional or amateur detective. In detective fiction the investigator has some source of income other than detective work and some undesirable eccentricities or striking characteristics. Besides frequently the investigator has an assistant. And the assistant whose ability is less than investigator acts as an audience surrogate for the explanation of the mystery at the end of the story. Usually for a detective novel you will spend more time reading it because you need to think about all the things that happened and pay attention to the details. Take for example Sherlock Holmes by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and Ars u novel is a fantasy. Fantasy uses magic and other supernatural forms as a primary element of plot theme and setting. For example in the story there usually appears a vampire werewolf or unicorn. This kind of novel is my favorite because it always has a lot of adventure and delineates courage love and excitement. There are several fantasy novels that I love The Sage of Darren Shan and The Demonata by Darren Shan The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien The Chronicles of Narnia by C. S. Lewis and Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling. I usually read three kinds of novels romance detective and adventure. These three kinds of novels cost amount of time to read are different and you will gain different feelings while reading. Romance novels give you on optimistic and romantic feeling. Detective novel make you feel nerves and curious. In the fantasy novel you use your imagination and feel exciting and horror. Above all I hope you can find some interesting books to read.
