There are three major types of wine table wine sparkling wine and fortified wine. The table wine has approximately 8 15 alcohol the level at which alcohol kills off the yeast. Sparkling wine has approximately 8 12 alcohol plus carbon dioxide. The last type fortified wine has approximately 17 22 alcohol. All wine fits into one of these categories and we should pay the tax depends on their alcohol level. However because still wine is the most familiar I will talk only about still wine. Still wine can be divided into three types as well white red and rose. First for white wines Chardonnay Sauvignon Blanc and Riesling are three major grape varieties. The color of wine comes primarily from the grape skins. Removing the skins immediately after picking means that none of their color is imparted to the wine and the wine will be white. As the taste and smell of white wine is often fruity it is easier to drink than red. It could be passed to fish for example sermon or fluke. Second for red wines the major grape varieties include Cabernet Sauvignon Merlot Pinot Noir and Syrah. Grapes are agricultural products that require specific growing conditions. For example most red grapes need a longer growing season than do white grapes so red grapes are usually planted in warmer locations. The climate is one of the important factor to product ideal red wine. The taste of red is sometimes acid and tannic therefore such a kind wine would be passed to be meats for example beef or ram. The third type of still wine is rose. This wine can also be made from the same grapes as the red wine. For example California's Blush is made from White Zinfandel. Zinfandel is one typical grape in California and White Zinfandel is also a kind of grapes. The longer the wine remains in contact with its skin during fermentation the more it will be colored. When they produce rose wine they should not be left in contact with the skins as long as red. The taste of rose is not so strong acid as red you can take for lunch menu for example sandwiches or salad. All this there are three types wine white red and rose. In conclusion when you see the color of wine you know each wine's characteristics. The grapes of red wine are cabernet Sauvignon Merlot and Pinot Noir. The grapes for white wine are Sauvignon blanc and Chardonnay. The rose is made from White Zinfandel and so on. As color tells you a lot about wine you could get a lot information from color of wine.
