For women marriage is a turning point after it they decide whether to work outside or stay at home. Some wives want to have jobs even after they have children because they want to go out into society. On the other hand some wives think wives should be at home do housework and spend much time with their children. There are major three differences between a housewife and a working wife economical situations the time with their children and the way in which they feel about housework. The first there is a big difference between housewives and working wives in their economical situation. Housewives don't have jobs so they can't help their husbands support themselves. The family economically depends on the money husbands earn and they sometimes need to worry about the cost for their children's education. If the money husbands can earn is just enough to live the family can't afford to spend some money for their children. Moreover some wives have to ask their husbands when they want to buy something expensive. Because all money the family has is from husband's working wives aren't allowed to use money freely. On the other hand working wives can earn money and they can support themselves. The family can have at least a little more money compared to that the family of housewives has. Working wives can earn money by themselves so they don't have to get permission of husbands to buy something they want. Second the time they can spend with their children is very different between housewives and working wives. Housewives can have enough time to spend with their children. They can be with their children all the time after children come back home from the school and mothers can listen to children who want to talk about the school with mothers. Children who have housewives as a mother don't feel lonely because mothers always stay by their side. However children whose parents are overprotective often lack self reliance because they can always rely on their mothers and they don't have to be independent. On the contrary working wives don't stay with their children all the time. Because mothers leave home for work some children have to spend most of their time at a nursery school. As a result children sometimes feel themselves alone. However children having working mothers can become independent early because they realize they need to do something they want on their own. The last big difference between housewives and working wives is the way how they feel about housework. Housewives think that housework is their duty and they make a lot of efforts to improve their home. They learn cooking and try to make wonderful meal for their family. In addition they spend a long time cleaning up their house. They try to do their house chore perfectly because they think it is their job as housewives. In that situation their husbands don't think they have to help their wives do housework. On the other hand working wives think housework isn't their important part of life so they try to spend as less time finishing up housework as possible. Even though the house isn't completely clean or dinner is the same as the day before they don't care about that. Their husbands think housework should be shared with husbands and wives because they both have their jobs. They try to do housework together to make their life smooth. There are some differences between housewives and working wives. They sometimes feel uncomfortable when they talk together because their ways to feel about their job or housework are quite different. Housewives consider their way of living to be the best way for their family and working wives are also proud of their role in society. The important thing is they have to recognize the advantages or disadvantages of staying at home or working outside and they should think what is the most valuable thing in their family life.
