It goes without saying that many people have the hobby of martial arts recently. As martial arts have become something of importance in our life many people practice martial arts. Many types of martial arts exist throughout the world such as Kendo Judo Tae ANON_NAME_0 do Jujitsu Karate Bud and so on. We can gain benefits from martial arts such as power mind and stronger body. However the so called martial arts many people still regard all martial arts as allowing kicking and punching. Martial arts can be classified into three parts in accordance with what method of attack kicking and punching throwing and chocking and using some weapons. To begin with the first group includes Taekwondo and Karate. The purpose of Taekwondo and Karate is to attack. Taekwondo and Karate use hands and feet but does not use throwing and chocking. Through kicking and punching that can make enemy knock down. Taekwondo and Karate use the punch because it counts as a score in a match but punching the face is still prohibited in the match. So they who practice Taekwondo and Karate prefer the kick techniques. There are generally three types of legs techniques pushing kicking and chopping. First pushing is literally to push something by using the legs. Second is a chopping up and down as an ax. The third Kicking is to kick sideways right about turn and the front. Each kicking has a name. In an official match protective clothing requires but it's more flexible because the body has to be free to move. There are six pieces headgear chest protection protection for the arms legs and the top of feet and a protective cup. The second group includes Judo Jujitsu and Wrestling. There are two techniques the standing technique such as throwing and tackle and grappling technique such as choking arm bar and rocking . This group is not allowed kicking punch and any blows. For instance one hand throwing is a way to throw a body when your opponent body comes into your body. First you just lean your back against another player's chest. As soon as your one hand grabs the other player's hands bend your knee that your center of gravity has to maintain as low as possible when you throw your partner. Finally if you stand up while you are pulling his hand you are able to throw his body over your head. On the mat you can continue to grappling such as choking arm bar and rocking. The last group is Kendo which means a morality of sword In easy terms Kendo only allows using a weapon such as a sword. Kendo had developed through the ancient wars. Its origin is so controversial because most Asian nations have each martial art to use sword especially in ancient Japan all of Samurais always brought their sword for situation when they faced with an enemy who also has sword. These days Japanese Kendo stands for martial arts which using a weapon. Kendo has many type forms according to origin. Basically its techniques included lunge cutting striking and defense. Kendo is also useful for your meditation because it is calm practice. In conclusion although it is divided three groups the ultimate goal is meditation. Through building a sound body we can make a sound mind. On the whole martial arts can be classified by what method of attack kicking and punching throwing and chocking and using some weapons. If you want to learn one of them even though it is divided you had better think of why you want to learn and you can choose one thing that is for you.
