Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh are two different cities not because of the people but the environment. The differences between Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh are variety not only the weather which is the biggest difference but also the whole society urban environment and life styles such as eating habits and work style. Everyone who has been to Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh might say Kaohsiung as an oven and Pittsburgh as a freezer. It is all because their locations are different. Kaohsiung is located at the southwest Pacific Ocean near to the equator so the weather is hot from May to October. In summer time the highest temperature had almost up to 104 degree Fahrenheit. It was really hot that there were some news said a few people dead because of the heat. Unlike Pittsburgh which is located at the northwest Atlantic Ocean the highest temperature is around 90 degrees and there never is anyone who dead because of the temperature. In the winter time the lowest temperature in Kaohsiung is around 60 degrees whereas it is much lower in Pittsburgh. Also there could never be any snow in Kaohsiung except living in high mountains people might have a chance to see snow. However there is always snow in Pittsburgh during winter time. If people move from southern to northern areas they sometimes can not stand such a great difference in the weather. Although Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh are one of the cities in their countries their urban environment is very different. The first difference is there are many buildings not only in Kaohsiung's downtown but in communities. Comparing to Pittsburgh Kaohsiung is a really small place that people often live in the same place where they do business and live with their family. Due to the population density Kaohsiung is 9 704 people per square mile 2000 but Pittsburgh is 6 019 people per square mile 2000 . There can not be enough spaces for everyone to have a house in Kaohsiung therefore high rise apartments and townhouses are all over the place. On the other hand in Pittsburgh the downtown and residential areas are separated. People can choose to live in a house or in a townhouse. Also people can have a place for garden which could never happen in Kaohsiung! This leads to the second difference green space. Kaohsiung has only grasslands and trees in particular areas such as parks in the middle of high rise buildings which surround the grasslands and mountains. On the other hand Pittsburgh has green spaces and trees all over the place. Lawns surround houses parks trees on both sides of roads etc. The green spaces are 10 times wider than Kaohsiung! Lastly the eating habits and work style between Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh are very dissimilar. People in Kaohsiung are more likely to eat greens than people in Pittsburgh. The greens Kaohsiung people eat are variety for example mustard and sweet potato leaves etc. Whereas people in Pittsburgh often only eat spinach lettuce and cauliflower. Also the way people cook the food is variety too. In Kaohsiung people like to cook with oil garlic and salt but in Pittsburgh people like to cook with butter. And as for the work style people are more likely to work everyday in Kaohsiung. They often work 12 hours a day six days a week. It is common for adults to have this kind of life style. Sometimes they bring their work home if they could not finish it at the office. It is normal for working people to work pass midnight so that their bosses will think they are working hard. That is really different from Pittsburgh's work style. Most of the people will finish their work during Mondays to Fridays and spend their time with their family on weekends which is good for the relationship between parents and children. They can go fishing hiking or have a picnic. The important thing is people in Pittsburgh think weekends are for fun not for work. Over all although Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh are developed cities the differences between them are more distinct than we can think. The weather the urban environment and life styles are just a little part of the differences. When you live in these places over six months you can find out more varied characteristic between them.
