Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh The differences between Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh are variety not only the weather which is the biggest difference but also the whole society is dissimilar. Although the weather is the main difference between Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh there also are some other differences such as urban environment and life styles. Everyone who has been to Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh might say Kaohsiung as an oven and Pittsburgh as a freezer. It is all because their locations are different. Kaohsiung is located at the southwest Pacific Ocean near to the equator so the weather is hot during May to October. There were some news said a few people died because of the heat during summer time. In summer time the highest temperature has almost up to 104 degree Fahrenheit. It was really hot. Unlike Pittsburgh which located at the northwest Atlantic Ocean the highest temperature is around 90's degree and there never be anyone who died because of it. In winter time the lowest temperature in Kaohsiung is around 60's degree whereas Pittsburgh is much lower than that. Also there could never be any snow in Kaohsiung unless living in high mountains might have a chance to see the snow. However there is always snowing in Pittsburgh during winter time. If people move from southern to northern areas sometimes they could not stand the weather in such a great difference. In addition Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh are both one of the city in their countries but both of their urban environment are very different. The first difference is there are many buildings in Kaohsiung both in downtowns and in living areas because comparing to Pittsburgh Kaohsiung is a really small place! People often live at a same place where they can do business and live with their family. And due to the population density Kaohsiung is 9 704 people per square mile 2000 but Pittsburgh is 6 019 people per square mile 2000 . There could not be enough spaces for everyone to have a house in Kaohsiung therefore high rise apartments and townhouses are all over the place. But in Pittsburgh the downtown and living areas are separated. People can choose to live in a house or in a townhouse. Also people could have a place for garden which could never happen in Kaohsiung! This leads to the second difference the green place. Kaohsiung only has grasslands and trees in particular areas such as parks in the middle of high rise buildings which surround it and mountains. On the other hand Pittsburgh has green lands and trees all over the place. Lawns surround houses parks trees on both side of roads etc. The green places are 10 times wider than Kaohsiung! Lastly there are various life styles between Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh such as eating habits and work style. People in Kaohsiung are more likely to eat greens than people in Pittsburgh. The greens they eat are variety for example mustard sweet potatoes leaves and water celery etc. Whereas people in Pittsburgh often only eat spinach lettuce and cauliflower. Also the way people cook the food is various too. In Kaohsiung people like to cook with oil garlic and salt but in Pittsburgh people more like to cook with butter. As for the work style people are more likely to work everyday in Kaohsiung. They often work 12 hours a day six days a week. It is common for adults to have this kind of live style. Sometimes they bring their work to home if they could not finish it at the office. And mostly it is normal for working people to work over midnight so that their bosses will think they are working hard. It is really different from Pittsburgh's work style. Most of the people will finish their work during Mondays to Fridays and spend their time with their family on weekends which is good for the relationship between parents and children. They can go fishing hiking or have a picnic. The important thing is people in Pittsburgh think weekends are for fun not for work. Over all although Kaohsiung and Pittsburgh are developed cities but the differences are much more dissimilar than we could think. The weather the urban environment and life styles are just a little part of the differences. There are much more dissimilarities between these two cities and if you have a chance to travel to these cities be aware of the hot weather and eating style in Kaohsiung and the cold weather in Pittsburgh.
