When learning a second language people generally make some mistakes which delay their learning process. It important to learn about these mistakes and try avoid them when learning a second language. These mistakes are numerous. However I can classify them into three types getting discouraged quickly giving less time than is needed for pronunciation exercises and avoiding speaking in public. The first type of mistakes and the most shared by foreign language learners is getting discouraged quickly. The discouragement comes from the different aspects of the language that they are learning speaking listening and reading. They think that they are progressing too slowly compared with their effort. They are really depressed when they can't listen to someone and understand what he is saying can't speak clearly and can't read and understand what they are reading. For example learning English as a second language I am always disappointed when I can't understand someone who seems to speak clearly when I can't comprehend an article I am reading and when I can't speak clearly. The second type of mistake people make when learning a second language is that they don't devote enough time to practice pronunciation exercises. These types of mistake can cause two main problems listening and speaking. When listening to someone you need to figure out the words that this person is using. Even if you know the meaning of the words it is hard to know which words are pronounced if you don't know its pronunciation. In addition the person who is listening to you speak can't know which words are said when you pronounce them badly. Therefore the pronunciation is crucial when you learn a new language. The third type of mistake is that when learning a foreign language students tend to avoid speaking in public. They think that they are bothersome to people who listen to them. This felling comes from two reasons they think that they don't speak enough clearly and they don't speak enough quickly like their listeners. Also they believe that everyone notices them when speaking. As an example when learning English I don't like speaking in front of people. And if I have to speak I pay so attention of my speaking so that I speak badly. However it is known that the more you speak the more you improve your speaking abilities. Finally when learning a second language students generally make the same mistakes. These mistakes include of becoming discouraged rapidly about the slow learning process the small amount of time they devote to practicing pronunciation exercises and the fact that they avoid speaking in public. These mistakes delay the learning process. To avoid these types of mistakes here are some suggestions speak when you have the opportunity to speak practice a lot pronunciation exercises and be aware that the learning process takes a long time so be patient.
