Alternative fuel refers to another type of fuel rather than traditional gasoline or diesel. Nowadays traditional fuels face some severe problems such as high cost strict environmental laws and the public opinion that insists on reducing greenhouse effect gases. Due to these reasons the research on alternative fuel has become a critical issue. Alternative fuels are classified into several groups such as biofuels biogas hybrid electric hydrogen solar cell etc. According to the source of power. However some methods are difficult to be put to the practical use. Hence many researches focus on some practical alternative fuels recently. There are three major types of alternative fuels which can be practical in a near future bioethanol biodiesel and hydrogen. Bioethanol is one of the biofuels which can be gained from living things. It has attracted public attention for last decade because of its advantages in the environmental and economical aspects. The fact that bioethanol can be easily obtained from sugar or starch in crops and grains is the first advantage in environmental aspect. Besides its environmental advantage bioethanol has an economic benefit in that bioethanol can be used in current model cars without any adjustment. It is possible to use bioethanol either alone or in combination with other fuels. It is already being used in mixed form with gasoline. Gasoline labeled with and E followed by a specific number the percentage of ethanol represents that it is the mixture of ethanol and gasoline. However despite these advantages bioethanol has some disadvantages. One is its adverse effect upon the cost of crops. Because crops are its source the cost of crops might increase if bioethanol becomes a major fuel for vehicle. Also bioethanol cannot reduce the emission of CO2. Because bioethanol easily reacts with water it is not easy to keep pure bioethanol. A second major alternative fuel is biodiesel. The most beneficial aspect of diesel is its high fuel burn efficiency. Compared with gasoline which has just 23 of fuel burn efficiency the fuel burn efficiency of diesel reaches 50 . This high efficiency of diesel is applied to biodiesel because biodiesel has a quality equal to that of real diesel. Moreover biodiesel can be obtained from oils in crops and used cooking oil. Even though biodiesel has a high production cost the fact that it can employ used oil is a very attractive aspect of biodiesel. The last major alternative fuel is hydrogen. Hydrogen fuel is an ideal fuel in that its source is water and it is clean. Because hydrogen is one element of the water molecule H2O it is the most abundant natural source around the world. There are two methods of using hydrogen as a fuel. One is combustion which burns hydrogen in engines in the same way as gasoline. Another method is fuel cell conversion which is used in electric cars. In fuel cell conversion hydrogen becomes electricity as a form of fuel cells. With either method the only byproduct from the spent hydrogen is water and the carbon emission is zero. This is the most ideal situation that we can expect for fuel. However hydrogen fuel has a technical problem with storage. Because of its high reactivity hydrogen easily reacts with other materials. The fact that it is hard to control hydrogen safely is blocking progress in the research. As the above explanation shows there have been various efforts to develop efficient alternative fuels. Current fossil fuels produce many problems such as air pollution global warming and exhaustion of natural resources. Therefore alternative fuels are important in both the economical and environmental aspects. Even though several technical and economic hurdles remain before the alternative fuels can be deployed on a commercial scale the research for bioethanol biodiesel and hydrogen will be continued.
