Types of Mistakes People Make When Learning a Second Language Nowadays many people want to learn a second language but they can't do it well. For my experience when I study English I always use an electronic dictionary because it is very convenient. Besides I always talk to my friends in Chinese sometimes when we need to speak in English I always translate Chinese into English directly they can understand what I mean because most of us come from Asia. But when we talk to native speakers they can't understand what I mean because of the wrong grammar and words. In my opinion people can't learn a second well the important reason is they make the same mistakes like mine using an electronic dictionary translating their native language into the second language directly and avoiding using the second language to talk with other people. When students learn English they always use an electronic dictionary to look for vocabulary because it is very convenient. Although they can learn the definition quickly they can't learn it in English. If they use an ESL dictionary they can know not only the definition in English but also the synonyms. Moreover it can help them learn more new vocabulary. Besides if they can use new vocabulary to make a sentence it will help them memorize the meaning. People always translate their native language into English directly. If they translate directly they might use the wrong grammar and vocabulary. For example sometimes when they talk to native speakers they use their native language translate into English and they think it is right. Actually native speakers don't understand what they are talking about. It is a common mistake people always make. Try to think of the right grammar and the correct words in English before speaking and it will help language learners improve. They are always afraid of using English to talk with other people especially to talk to native speakers. Because their pronunciation is not good and they cannot pronounce the word the same as native speakers they afraid of making mistakes and being laughed at. Actually American people are friendly. If language learners can talk to them even though they use the wrong words or their pronunciation is bad American people will not laugh them. If American people don't understand what they are talking about don't be embarrassed. Language learners can use the body language and American people would understand and correct them. If they can talk to native speakers their English ability will improve. Using an electronic dictionary translating the native language into the second language directly and avoiding using the second language to talk with other people are some mistakes language learners always make when learning a second language. If they can use an ESL dictionary instead of using an electronic one they can learn more new vocabulary and learn the definitions in English. If they think about their grammar and right words in English before talking they will not make a lot of mistakes. If they can be brave enough to talk to other people in the second language they will improve their pronunciation. In my opinion if language learners can change these habits they will learn a second language more easily.
