Watching movie is a major form of enjoyment people have now so it is also very useful for them to get the general idea and understand the types of movies before they watch. People like to watch movies because thery can laugh at interesting plots lead out bad emotions and learn different things. There are various kinds of movies and if people can distinguish between movies it is easy for them to understand the functions. I can divide movies into three types comedy tragedy and action. The first type of movie is the comedy. People will go to see a comedy because they can be relaxed while watching movie. For example in A Lot Like Love the plot is so touching and interesting and also the dialogue and interactions make audience delighted. Another one is white castles the settings are similiar to people's daily life and the director put funny events into the movie so it will relate to audience experiences and they will laugh at. Thus when people have a lot of pressure or bored they may go to choose this type of movie they could feel relaxed. Second when people are in a terrible mood seeing a tragedy is the best choice to purge emotions. Romeo and Julia is very helpful if a couple breaks up they could cry a lot while watching this type movie. Due to the love story is so sad that a couple need to be separated and it is also might the same feelings that people have. Audiences would take pity on people have unsmooth process for example Titanic the terrible accident which the passengers met make people sorrowful. Therefore if you just want to express a bad feeling you could choose this type of movie. Lastly the most famous movies are action movies because there are so many people watching them. The incredible movements and intense situations make audiences feel alive. For instance in Rush Hour audiences love to see the action pack in this type movie and they will have profound feelings. The exaggerate actions make people nervous because characteristics may die in a moment. People want to have strong emotions that is why they enjoy watching this kind of movie. The movies are really great activities during leisure time because people could get the certain functions when they need to lead out the certain types emotion in seeing movies like laughing crying and feeling. Therefore getting the general idea and understanding the types of movie like comedy tragedy and action are really helpful for people to get the benefits before they watch. I love watching movies because I can have a connection with a movie that I choose and it help me to express my feeling for these reasons it is very valuable for me to understand the types of movie.
