Animals have diverse environments for living due to the global warming affect our environment throughout the world. Therefore understanding animal behavior is a good way to protect them. Scientific classification uses Latin and Greek words to give each animal that identify the animal. We can use animal movement ways to divide them into three groups flying in the sky swimming in the water and walking on the ground. The first group of animals is the birds. They use wings to soar in the sky. Wings are a common feature of the bird such as the blue jay and the eagle. Moreover birds have feathers covering the skin to stay warm. Most birds reproduce by laying eggs. They make a nest in a tree to protect their babies before they hatch. Some of them like to live in the rainforest. When we do not realize how to protect our environments some birds will become endangered because they do not have any appropriate environment to live. The next group of animals is the fishes. They have both fins and a tail to assist them swimming in the water. Fishes have a variety of different colors to distinguish them such as French angelfish salmon and tilapia. Another feature is scales which cover all of the body of fish. The reproductive of fishes are from eggs to become small fish in the water. Moreover water is the most important element for fishes. Therefore we can not pollute the water resource. For example when you go to the beach do not throw your garbage in the water. The last group of animals walks on the ground. Most of mammal animals have thick layer of fat under their skin such as the fox the tiger or the elephant. Mammal animals also have fur coats to provide warmth. In addition a mammal is an animal whose babies are fed with milk from the mother's body. For example the gestation period of the female tiger is about four months which are most frequently between the ends of November to early April. However it is not necessary to have hibernation for mammal animals. But it is too cold to find food in the winter so they should sleep to save energy. Animals are an important symbolism on the earth. They live in three different kinds of places which are the ground the water and the sky. According to the research report told us recently we have more and more vermin to exist on the earth such as cockroach. On the other hands due to the global warming we have more and more mammal animals getting disappear such as polar bears. I wonder human is one type of animal. When these mammal animals are not suitable to exist on the earth at all how can we live there in the future
