A computer is a machine which manages data according to a list of instructions. Today it has become a necessary tool in our life. For example we can use one of the computer function Email to receive and send important messages. Besides we also can logo onto the Internet to search for information or deliver some paper. However a powerful computer actually needs many implements to support. More clearly speaking a computer can be divided into three primary parts the software the hardware and the peripheral. The first part the software included three main programs that many people install onto their computer operating systems office programs and media programs. First An operating system OS is the software that manages the sharing of the resources of a computer and provides programmers with an interface used to access those resources. For example there are some famous OSs such as the Microsoft Windows XP System the Mac OS X System and the Linux system. In addition we can use office programs to help us simplify our document or data including Microsoft Word Excel and PowerPoint programs. Besides media programs are also very useful tools in that they can record information store data. Recording can be done using virtually any form of energy. For instance the Nero Burn program the Real Player program and the Mac iTunes program. The next part of a computer the hardware is the physical part of a computer. It includes the digital circuitry as distinguished from the computer software that executes within the hardware. There are three types of hardware in our modern world the desktop computer PC the laptop computer notebook and the personal digital assistants PDAs . First a desktop computer is a computer made for use on a desk in an office classroom or at home such as home computers personal computers and Internet servers. Second a laptop computer or notebook computer is a small mobile computer which is much smaller than a desktop. It usually uses a single main battery or operates from an external AC DC adapter which can charge the battery. Finally personal digital assistants PDAs are handheld computers and are also known as pocket computers. PDAs have many uses playing computer games recording survey responses and Global Positioning Systems GPS . The last part of a computer the peripheral is a piece of computer hardware that is added to a host computer including printers scanners and modems. First printers produce a hard copy of documents stored in electronic form from such manufacturers as EPSON or HP. Next a scanner is a device that analyzes images printed text or an object and converts it to a digital image. Besides a normal scanner there is a special scanner called a three dimensional scanner producing three dimensional models of objects. These scanners are considerably more expensive than other types of scanners. Finally the purpose of a modem is to product a signal that can be transmitted easily and decoded to reproduce the original digital data. It is a device that modulates a signal to encode digital information. We usually use it to connect to the internet work. To illustrate the Netgear wireless modem and the Cisco wireless modem both are the famous modems in the world. In sum Using the above the description including the software that many people install onto their computer the hardware that is the physical part of a computer and the peripheral that is added to a host computer. Through understanding the structure of a computer it could help us understand how a computer runs its work and what a computer is composed of. We know that why a computer is a good tool that helps us deal with many works in our jobs and search for a lot of information in a very short time.
