I was faced with the dilemma of choosing between the bus and the boy and it left a bitter taste on my month. When people have to make a choice on something they prefer choosing which would benefit themselves over others. With hindsight people might have regretted the decision they made as me and my friend. First when I was heading home with my friend at the night market we saw a little boy whose age probably around five or six years old jaywalking on the street. There was the bus coming to the way and it was about to hit him. When I saw this circumstance I simultaneously ran into the boy and grabbed him back to the sidewalk. Everyone broke out in a cold sweat and they were glad the little boy was safe. The next my friend said I should have looked around before rescuing the boy or I might have killed by my aggressive behavior. Then we were eagerly to get on the bus because we were so frustrated to wait the bus for over an hour but how about the little boy. We had no idea where his parents were at the same time someone just told us that the boy's parents were in the nearby store. So we quickly told the boy to go to the store close by where his parents were before we left. After a few days later I went to the night market with my friend. While we were strolling around the streets I saw a poster of the boy's picture on it which took my breath away. The boy had become a missing person and all of his family was looking him all over the places at the night market. My friend and I all shocked and we started blaming ourselves. We should not have left him alone and we could have helped him to look over his parents or sent him to the police office at that time. We wish we should not have been so selfish and then we could have been a great help to him to find a way to go home. However we wonder that the boy was found or not but we never have a chance to know the answer. We all wish we could have done something to help him at that time instead of turning our backs to him. Inevitability our mistake has been hunted us at times since that day happened.
