School provides people who come from different regions to get together. The average students have similar IQ within the range of 80 to 120 points due to nutrition is a key factor. More different kinds of food are more available today and most people have been fed well in their adolescence. How come the student body cannot all get As during the academic Students can be classified into three groups nerds well rounded students and underachievers. First the first group of people is called nerds who have an unusually interest in getting good grades and their life goal is to get all As in every subject. Nerds can get high points on the subjects not because they are smarter than others because they are willing to spend time to read the books. The main characteristic is that nerds are very knowledgeable and they know every single detail in the textbooks. For example my friend Heather who is a well known nerd at Pitt she knows the page numbers of the questions you are asking. Not only she spends less time socializing with others also she prefers not to take part in clubs except for the biology research. However they have a strong desire to acquire perfect scores that average people usually cannot understand. Second the second group is called the well rounded students who are more extroverted less shy in social settings. The well rounded students like to do a little bit of everything and they have a variety of experiences of campus life. Those students are not focus on getting good grades in fact they are more open themselves to spend the leisure time with others such as joining on ice hokey team or a science research group. For instance my friend Albert who claims that life is too short to spend time on the desk we all should go out to have fun. He puts forth an effort to get above average grades as well as to participating in clubs as the fraternity or finding diverting things to do. The well rounded students are easy approachable and remarkably amiable. Third the last group is called underachievers who have low learning desires to get good grades and enhance themselves. The major characteristic of underachievers intends to have negative attitude in life. Underachievers receive poor grades not because they are obtuse just because they are not interested in learning own to they often have other things to do such as hanging out with friends or working. Other underachievers are too lazy to discover knowledge they would rather spend time playing online games than sitting at the table and read it. In addition the effort they put forth is to try not to flunk out of school. Thus underachievers are not really care about their career in the future and think of learning as unimportant. Ultimately it is obviously that the three groups' students have different intention to achieve things which they want even though they have no difference IQ than others. In general there is rarely few people can be geniuses and few people have disorder learning ability who will eventually end up to some special school. IQ will not be the big problem to us to absorb information since students have properly nurtured in the youth. Why do some students do well in academic and others don't It all depends on the heart which keeps you pursuing the goal or what you want to be in the near future.
