On September 21st 1999 Taiwanese people suffer the most horrible disaster. A big earthquake hit the island and sent its shockwave through the entire island at midnight on September 21st 1999. We Taiwanese people called this disaster the 921 earthquake. This event left terrible and sad memories for many Taiwanese people. The timing of this earthquake caused many deaths. Because at midnight most people are sound asleep and did not have enough alertness to properly deal with this earthquake. Many people were killed by fallen debris while others were buried by rubbles while sleeping. The lack of preparation by the Taiwanese people was due to the fact that most earthquakes in Taiwan were relatively small and usually do not cause much destruction. The 921 earthquake caused many changed in Taiwan. I have listed the 3 most important changes as the result of this sad event. First people paid more attention to design soundness of building structures. After the 921 earthquake many people lost their house due to the fact that there were flaws with the structures of their houses. A lot of residential buildings were damaged because of the materials used on these buildings. After the 921 earthquake the building materials have replaced visual appearance as top priority for many home buyers. For example many people are demanding that anti vibration mounting be used in their buildings and all building materials must be strong enough to withstand big earthquakes. Second Taiwanese government now devote more resources on studying earthquakes. According to Mr. ANON_NAME_0 graduate student in history at National Central University people have moved from what was originally muddleheaded conjecture to a deeper understanding and government departments too have a more positive and powerful handing of earthquakes and disasters. ANON_NAME_0 Tai Han 2001 Government encourages people go to other countries to study the science of earthquake. For example Taiwanese government sends many scientists to Japan to study earthquakes because like Taiwan Japanese also sits on the fault zone. Japan also experienced many big earthquakes and suffered devastating losses. Thus Japanese conducted many extensive studies on earthquakes. After the 921 earthquake Taiwanese government sent many top scientists to Japan to learn bout earthquakes. Third many Taiwanese people sympathized with the victims of 921 earthquake thus a lot of private charitable organizations formed shortly after the sad national tragedy. These charitable organizations helped the victims with their urgent needs while providing them with some comfort in the aftermath of the earthquake. People who could not volunteer their time wit these charitable organizations donated money and goods to help victims of the earthquake. Many of these organizations arrived at the most damaged areas even before the arrival of governmental agencies. The 921 earthquake marked as a turning point in modern Taiwan because it changed many aspects of Taiwan. In addition to changing government and citizens' attitudes toward earthquake alertness it also united the entire country. This unity is evident in the amount of funds and goods donated to victims of the earthquake and the formation of charitable organizations aiding victims. Although the earthquake caused a lot of damages and destructions it also bring out a lot of characters which help unite the country and helped it move forward and rebuild. Reference ANON_NAME_0 Tai Han 2001 10 01 ANON URLPAGE
