Global warming is an average increase in the temperature of the atmosphere near the Earth's surface and in the troposphere which can contribute to changes in global climate patterns. Global warming can occur from a variety of causes both natural and human induced. In common usage global warming often refers to the warming that can occur as a result of increased emissions of greenhouse gases from human activities . Climate Change Basic Information United States Environmental Protection Agency 2006 12 14 . Our civilization and consumption are breaking our planet in recently decade years including making oil coal and gas becoming fuels to support our living. For this reason the temperature on the earth gets higher year by year. Amount of carbon pollution is the primary cause of global warming. It makes the temperature on the earth get higher. There are three main effects of the global warming Ice field melting climate change and ecosystems change. First of all one of the effects of the global warming is the ice field melting. Higher temperature results in the melting ice in the Arctic. This melting ice will cause rising sea levels an increasing in sea level. Besides it causes glacier retreat and disappearance. For this reason our living environment will get smaller than that of our living before. Some countries face their land getting smaller or even forever disappear. For instance low lying countries such as Bangladesh and the Netherlands would be worst hit by any sea level rise. In addition global warming will cause climate changes. In recent years there were many abnormal climates. For example the Katrina hurricane severely wipes out Louisiana Alabama and Mississippi in U. S. A locating at the south area of the United States in 2005. This natural catastrophe almost destroyed a whole of New Orleans. Meanwhile the 1995 Chicago heat wave led to approximately 600 heat related deaths over a period of five days said Eric Klinenberg Near Fatal Heat Stroke during the 1995 Heat Wave in Chicago Vol. 129 Issue 3 ANON_NAME_0 173 181 1998 . On the other hand many of the world's largest and most prosperous cities are on the coat. The officers of these cities must consider building better coastal defenses to protect cities from flooding. Finally ecosystem changing is also the effect of the global warming. Many species change their habitats because of the temperature changing. To illusion many species living in low sea level environment expand into high sea level environment this progress causes that the species in high sea level be faced to migrate to other place while others may flourish. Besides coral reefs face to die because of global temperature rising. Meanwhile scientists say Rising atmospheric temperatures longer droughts and side effects of both such as higher levels of ground level ozone gas are likely to bring about a substantial reduction in crop yields in the coming decades large scale experiments have shown The Independent Newspaper April 27 2005 Climate change poses threat to food supply . In sum considering above three primary effects the melting ice climate changing and ecosystems changing. I think that global warming has more negative affections. We must change using energy manners to reduce the amount of pollution and then slow down global temperature. Otherwise using renewable clean energy sources using solar power and getting educated and staying educated are some things that we can do for our environment.
