Now days it goes without saying that we can use many kinds of hi tech instruments. The instruments are steadily developing in raw and we gain benefits of hi tech instruments. Especially computer as computer was invented and has become something of a necessity and we can't live without computer. We use the computer every day. Also developing a computer is inevitable growing the Internet. According to the good web page put up by UW discusses Culture and the Digital Society . In internet has changed a lot our life in many ways and our society. The Internet has had several important effects on our life. First of all using the Internet offers us good effects to save time and space. We don't need to spend a lot of time to fine the information at the library. We can easily get the information by the Internet site such as Google Yahoo and so on whatever we want to get. Moreover we don't need space to just stack our books and store them up. The computer takes the place of books. Second Internet creates new type job such as a web designer programmer and so on. Nowadays Internet gives us chances to work and make money so many people engage in job that relevant Internet. Created jobs relative to the Internet reduces an unemployment problem. People will use more the Internets in our life and the job related to Internet will increase more. In addition these days we prefer using the internet to using the phone when we are getting in touch with our family and friends. Because we can send an e mail through the Internet regarsless whenever we are and we have a conversation with our friends and family on the Internet in same time. Even you have a cam you can see your face each other while you are chatting with them. It is useful for international student because it is not tricky to use and wherever you can use internet you can get in touch easily. Last of all the Internet doesn't only have a good effect on our life but has shortcoming. There are a lot of harmful sites on the internet for young people. For example porno site young people can connect porn site without any restriction. While some adolescents may seek out pornography 25 of youngsters who use the Internet report being subjected involuntarily to such material according to a national survey done by the University of New Hampshire Crimes Against Children Research Center ANON_URLSPAGE_. Also we are always exposed to the risk of leaking personal information. Someone easily get our personal information and it is possible to use our information for crime. In conclusion one cannot emphasize too much computer offers us a lot of effects. Internet has a favorable influence upon our life. It makes our life more convenient such as saving our time and out space offering a new job and getting in touch with our family. However there are some defects on the Internet. Developing the Internet has changed our life in every way but we don't over look potential risk of the Internet.
