The 921 earthquake occurred on September 21 1999 in central Taiwan. The earthquake continued to shake Taiwan throughout the night. According to the information statistics there are the tens of thousands people died and houses completely destroyed. Because of the plate movement the earthquake occurred from energy that is released. Especially the earthquake usually happened on an island such as Taiwan and Japan. There are four main effects of the earthquake the building collapse damage to house broken family and a deep seated fear of earthquake. The first effect for the earthquake was the building collapsed. When the earthquake was happened from out of the blue many buildings collapsed such as the apartment the high rise and the house. Because of the building collapsed some people were died in an accident. Occasionally when the building collapsed some people who were very lucky were burying under the building. According to Nicolson Well equipped emergency teams can rescue people from fallen buildings. Nicolson 1996 P27 Therefore a rescue mission assisted to search for survivors within the 72 hours. In addition sometimes the road was cut off by earthquake such as the bridge and the freeway. Because of the bridge broken the government should spend a lot of money to repair it. Due to the main road broken some local residents had to bypass the road to go to their workplaces. Another effect the second problem for survivors is the damage of the house which was only property for most of the ordinary people. The survivors were probably becoming homeless people. Although the government can rebuild the damage of houses for survivors the government usually does not have enough budgets to assist all survivors. Therefore some volunteer group could supply food and temporary houses for survivors and helped them to get back to their regular life. A third effect of the earthquake for the damage of the earthquake was a broken family. After the earthquake one of the most serious problems for survivors is to face their family have been gone. For example as the survivors who are children was too young to face this fact that they lost their parents. However the government was necessary for children to find a new guardian and make sure that they had everything that they need their life have been changed. The last effect of the earthquake for survivors was a deep seated fear of earthquake. An earthquake can be a significant effect in victim's mind. For example seven years ago Taiwan was happened a huge earthquake which was extremely tragic event. Until now some survivors were afraid of the earthquake. When the earthquake was happened they felt unsafely and wanted to cry. Due to the plates area can not be moved the earthquake can happen again and again. In conclusion the earthquake can destroy much architecture such as houses and bridges. Besides the earthquake which is a natural disaster can kill off your life and family. Taiwan which is an island seems to very difficult to avoid the earthquake occurred. Perhaps if the house were rebuilding the house's construction would be better. When the earthquake happened the house is not easy too shake to hurt the people.
