What could change a person's life immediately Many people follow this same life style. They find someone to fall in love with. They later get married because they cannot live without each other but what is next after getting married. Nowdays the living styles are changing so people consider having children and they want to know the differences having children or without children in their life. Therefore having children has many positive and negative effects that can change a couple's life. It is natural for a couple to have children however we can see the differences after having children. For example. The realtionship between a couple becomes more closer because they have their own children. For some people's life styles they could believe that having a child would not be a great idea. Due to children require attention 24 hours a day and are very expensive. There are many positive effects for couples to have a baby together. For a couple a baby can make a stronger love bond. Children can make parents more mature with all the responsibilities. These responsibilties are necessary for people to mature properly. Children are also very important so that hamans can continue to exist. These positive effects are the most important and it is the life cycle the most people go through. There are negative effects as well that come along with having children. A child is very expensive this causes parents to have to work more which can lead to frustration and anger. According to the USDA it costs on average 200 000 dollars to raise a child to their age of 18 Msn Money The Cost of Raising Children . Another disadventage could be the change in life style. Many people are not ready to on 24 hour watch of a child everyday. Also leading to more frustration which is not a good environment for a child. These negative effects are things people must think about before having a child. Having a child can change a person's life completely these effects could be positive as well negative. Stronger love bond and extra responsibilities can help mature people but does not come easy cost. These are effects that a couple need to think about before having children or not. This is why crutial to examine these effects before having a child because chilren's life depends on it.
