Effects of Internet Popularity Nowadays it is a high technology generation because we use computers to find many ways to make our life easier. Since computers were invented many people have become more interested in using them. As a result the high technology has been part of our life. Moreover in a world where safe time is very important using Internet is the most convenient way to achieve this. Therefore we do all our activities by using computers and Internet as well. Because of that there are three main effects of Internet popularity such as getting information managing online banking account and communicating with others. Getting information is the first effects of Internet popularity because a lot of people want to get what they need. As a result the booming of the web has been increasing lately. Borella 1997 stated the growing popularity of the Internet and World Wide Web it is becoming increasingly important For example if we have some problems we can discuss with other people on Internet and find out some ways to solve them as soon as possible. In addition if we get a disease we can search some information before going to see a doctor. Also when we need to do some papers or write an essay we can find something to support our ideas. Another effect of Internet popularity is to manage online banking account. Actually we can deal with our bills without going to the bank. Furthermore we can go shopping check our account and transfer money. For instance when we buy something on Internet such as e Bay we can transfer our money into seller's account. The last and more important effect is communicating with others. For example when we go abroad even though the distance is far we still can keep in touch with our family and friends. In addition if we want to make new friends it is also easier. We can know some new friends who come from different countries. Also there are a lot of choices that we can choose what kinds of friends we want to make. In conclusion we can do anything on Internet and find all we need whenever we want. Moreover we can stay at home and know everything that is happening without going outside. So getting information managing online banking account and communicating with others are the three main effects of the web. For these effects our life becomes more convenient and they are helpful for our daily life.
