Three Major Causes of Global Warming Global warming refers to increasing of atmosphere's temperature near the ground. It is the most urgent and serious problem that we face. This issue has attracted public attention since 1950s when it was raised first. Recently Al Gore the former vice President of the U. S. And the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change IPCC won the Nobel Peace Prize according to their effort to prevent global warming. Thanks to this big event global warming is rising as a big issue again. However the reality of global warming is going worse. According to the recent IPCC report global temperature will increase at an average rate of about 0. 2 Degree C per decade William Collins ANON_NAME_0 Colman James Haywood Martin R. Manning and Philip Mote 2007 . Even though some important uncertain reasons of global warming are remains there are several discovered causes of global warming. Among them three main factors have been known that they have affected global warming very much human induced greenhouse effect solar activity and volcanic eruption and feedback effect of global warming factors. The most serious cause of global warming is greenhouse effect which is related to greenhouse gases. Greenhouse gases are some specific gases such as carbon dioxide CO2 methane CH4 and even water vapor itselt H2O . These gases prevent the earth's reflection of solar rays and this phenomenon causes the increasing of the temperature of the earth. Evidently human activities are the main factor of the global warming in that they cause tremendous greenhouse gases. Some greenhouse gases do not have any natural source. Specifically carbon dioxide the major greenhouse gas comes from combustion of fossil fuel in vehicles. That is why we can be sure that human activities are strongly responsible for global warming. The greenhouse effect by human activities takes over 90 percent of the causes of global warming. The second factor of global warming is the solar activity and volcanic eruption. Solar activity is often mentioned as a main natural factor of global warming combined with the volcanic activity. If the intensity of magnetic solar activity increases the volcanic activity can increase too. This volcanic activity can lead volcanic eruption and make the temperature increase. Unfortunately we cannot handle this phenomenon. Because of this fact some scholars insisted that solar forcing for the global warming is underrated. However according to recent IPCC reports the effect of solar activity and volcanic eruption is relatively small compared with human activity. The last factor of the global warming is feedback effect of other factors of global warming. Feedback effect is another natural fact and related to the greenhouse gases. Because most greenhouse gases have long average lifetime they can remain in the atmosphere for a long time and cause a circular reaction that deepen global warming. A typical model of feedback effect is about water vapor. To illustrate water vapor enforces global warming as a greenhouse gas then deepened global warming leads to much more evaporation of water. This circular feedback effect will be continued and global warming will be more serious. Consequently global warming almost results from human induced greenhouse effect involved in greenhouse gases even though some natural uncertain drivers also affect global warming. In this regard human activities that emit greenhouse gases should be regulated. Global warming is the most urgent issue that we should handle immediately. The difference between global warming and other social or national problems is the fact that global warming cannot be restored. Once it happens we cannot restore. Hence the only thing we can do and we should do to avoid terrible disaster is preventing before situation become severe. Fortunately we have enough potential to prevent. We can reduce greenhouse gases by using alternative fuels by using public transportation and by paying attention to our environment. This is time to act.
