The assassination of Norbert Zongo a journalist of investigation brought many changes in Burkina Faso. Zongo was found dead with three of his companions in December 13th in their vehicle in a country at 170 km from Ouagadougou. The police will found that they were murdered. The population of Burkina Faso accused the power for being responsible of their assassination. This event has had many effects in the history of Burkina Faso. Here are three of them the country experienced the first strong strike the end of politic assassinations and the improvement of the journalism in Burkina Faso. The assassination of Norbert Zongo created the first most important strike all over the country. After the population discovered the death of N. Zongo they immediately created an organization which will claim justice for N. Zongo and the end of impunity in Burkina Faso. This organization was named the collectif and gathered people from politic parties students civil right defenders This organization will head the strikes during more than five years. As a result of these strikes the country will experienced his first blank year in 1999. That means that this year was considered void for college students because they didn't do enough to valid a year of school. Therefore all the college students redid their classes. A second effect caused by the assassination of N. Zongo is the end of the politic assassinations in Burkina Faso. Since Norbert was assassinated and the population expressed anger by striking the power stopped the assassination of politicians. Before December 13th it was usual the disappearance of politicians who were disagreeing with the power in Burkina Faso. Moreover military were often killed without any judgment because they were suspected of plotting against the power. To confirm the end of the assassination the power will invite politicians in asylum to come back. They were assured to get the security they needed and most of them came back. One more important effect of this assassination is the improvement of the journalism in Burkina. Many new publications were born says John Liebhardt a recent graduate with a master's degree from the University of Oregon School of Journalism and Communication and a freelance journalist living in Burkina Faso. Besides the new news papers many private radios and TV organize some talk shows where people criticize the power now. One example is actu hebdo which is a talk show hold every Sunday by journalists to criticize everything concerning the politic institutions. According to J. Liebhardt the gradual improvement of the security situation has allowed many journalists in Burkina Faso to focus on other problems affecting the media. Thus the journalists became more independent after the death of N. Zongo. In conclusion the assassination of the journalist N. Zongo has allowed many things to happening in Burkina Faso. A few of them are the long and big strike the country first experienced the end of politic assassinations and the improvement of the journalism in Burkina Faso. As Norbert Zongo himself said before his assassination when he was regularly threatens his assassination will end the period of impunity in Burkina Faso. He seems to be right.
