In mordant society people who cannot handle the pressures well could cause some mental problems such as schizophrenia manic depression or bipolar disorder but there are few people of 3 of the population who was too immature to cope with difficulty may start segregating their minds into pieces Ralph B. Allison which called multiple personality disorder MPD . Everybody is born with only one personality. Therefore there can be no such thing as a Multiple Personality Disorder said Mr. Ralph. Those people who have MPD could be dangerous in our society because they committed series of crimes such as rape murder and robber without being aware of it. People who have MPD are like non time bombs and we are around them may put our life in jeopardy. There are two main reasons why people have multiple personality disorder child abuse and social isolation. First of all severe child abuse as violence can be the major problem to cause MPD during their youth. Most of MPD patients started separating their minds at very young age when they could not absorb the trauma situations they were facing such as being raped being humiliated in public the body was afflicted with pain by the abuser. If the abuse continues and the children have no where to escape extremely fear and pain they will try to create some alternative personalities as needed. For example Billy Milligan who has been sex abuse by his step father during his horrible childhood has created twenty four distinct personalities and he was arrested on a charge of rapes and armed robbery in 1970. People who were around him did not know Billy has MPD and even though Billy did unaware of himself having twenty four people live inside of his body. The minds of Billy Milligan maintains Billy Milligan can be anyone he wants to be. . Except himself. When he could not face the situation he was in he would defiantly try to imagine himself is somewhere else or someone else. In addition he began to create alternative personalities when he was a five year old little boy. Second of all social isolation can lead people to cause MPD when the patients started having odd behaviour thinking and having unconventional beliefs like extra sensory abilities or alter ego. Every one could be a potential patient only if one person cannot handle the pressures well or have seriously frightening situations. Dissociation itself is a common experience. Most people have observed mild dissociative episodes in which they lose touch with their surroundings such as daydreaming highway hypnosis or losing oneself in a movie or book claims Mr. Ralph. For instance a nine year old gild created two different personalities when she raped by a cousin. After she figured out better ways of handling sexually abusive she became a prostitute. So she can use sex to humiliate and control people which like her cousin had been humiliated and control her. Thus when children are away from the parents home or school they have a great chance to be mistreated by the abuser. People should keep an eye open around our environment in order to prevent this tragedy happens in our society. However people who cannot handle the difficulty pressures struggle with trauma in its entirety are too weak to face the reality they may divide up their mind into pieces in order to escape overwhelming fear and pain. Multiple personal disorder has occurred by very severe abuse during childhood and social isolation. Our society should pay attention on our youth and take a great care of the young needs or we might pay great price for being ignoring them. We do not want non time bomb around or around our society.
