There are some similarities and differences in methods of educations. For my experience American education system has better aspects than Japanese one class delivery and discussions. The similarity between American and Japanese education is that a teacher gives a lecture to many students. That is good way to teach because a person who has much knowledge delivers information that is many do not know and a person can simultaneously teach a lot of people so that they can save time and classrooms that means they do not have to give lectures many times. The first difference is the way to proceed a lecture. Students in American class are much involved in the class. Japanese lecture is usually that a teacher gives a lecture in one way. It is common that a teacher just talks to students and explains something new. Students almost never say anything or ask questions. That is really a one way lecture. On the other hand in American class students always ask questions and say their opinions. Also teachers ask them to say opinions and ask questions so in American system they participate in classes more actively. The next difference is that students have a lot of discussions in class in America. As I said in Japan a lecture is one way so they rarely have discussions. However In America students have a lot of discussions that they have to describe their opinions and thoughts. This encourages them to be more involved in class. Therefore they can improve to say their opinions in front of people and to think about their own positions on a topic. That also makes them their attitudes that they try to be involved in class. That is the way how a lecture should be. In conclusion American education system has better aspects that students are involved in class. That also makes them get some social attitudes such as saying opinions directly or trying to be involved in activities. The system is good not only for class but also making person's characteristic. That might lead to the different national characteristic between America and Japan.
