There are many different cultures in the world. Also the methods of education vary among different cultures. In my case I was educated in Taiwan until graduating from my university and studying in the U. S. Now. There do have lots of differences between Chinese and American culture. In my opinion there are three main reasons that make me prefer to have education in the U. S. First of all in Taiwan teachers usually do not encourage students a lot but American teacher do this very well. For example my younger sister is studying in the elementary school n Taiwan. One day at the end of the writing class her teacher said Let us take a look of these strange paragraphs. It made some of her classmates very shame. On the contrary American teachers may say That was interesting and creative but maybe is not so proper for our topic. In this way it will make students feel better. Furthermore we almost only listen to teachers' lectures without asking many questions in Taiwan. In our culture when someone asks a very basic or not proper question sometimes the teacher or other students will laugh at this person. As the result students afraid to ask questions during the class even though the point might be an essential issue. In the contrary in the American classroom students ask questions very often when they get confused. Also teachers always have patience to answer. If the teacher thinks that it take a long time to discuss he or she will ask the student to meet after the class. Finally many of Asian countries have attendance examination for senior high schools and colleges or universities. Thus our fundamental education usually is for those big examinations. It causes that our classes are usually very boring because we only need to focus on the textbook or teachers' handout. However Studying in America let me know that knowledge is not only limited in the textbook. We did many outside activities wrote lots of reports and discussed many broad topics or issues a lot. It makes more fun in class. Therefore as a Taiwanese student who is studying in the U. S. I would like to have education here. In the American classroom we are encouraged we can feel free to ask question any time and our learning is not limited. These really enlarge my view of education.
