Many people like to ask people who have good education to give them advice. They think the people who have good education have a lot of knowledge and skills so that they will have more ideas and opinions than people who have the lower education. However I think good education does not mean everything. If you want to get some advice that is related to the academic field you might be able to ask the people who have the relative good education. If you want to get some advice that is exception for academic field I do not think you can get the better advice from the people who have good education than other people. Good advice depends on how it is suitable for you and how it is complete. People who can give you good advice should have variety of experiences and understand you and your situations a lot. First experiences for people are quite important. They can teach people how to deal with the same conditions. Also some people can give other people who have the same problems with them the useful information and advice. However experiences are not equal to good education. It does not mean that people who have good education also have various experiences. One the other hand a person who did not have chance to get the good education might have a lot of job experience. He or she experienced a lot of different life and situations. They can think about your condition completely and give you some advice. For example my father just graduated from the elementary school. He had a lot of experience and he got lot of information and knowledge from these experiences. He always gave me a lot of advice when I meet some problems. His advice helps me a lot. Although he does not have good education but he has many experiences and he helps me a lot. In addition the good or useful advice should be suitable for you. A person who can give you the useful advice for you mean he or she knows you a lot. Your friends might be able to give you the good advice according to your real situation and your behaviors. I always ask my good friends to give me advice when I met problems. Most time they could give me good suggestions. They understand me a lot so that they can know what I should do and what is good for me. It means that people who have good education are excellent at their study field. Practical and theory are different. They might have a great deal of academic knowledge but they might not have good experience. Good advice should make people know how he or she should do. Giving good advice should depend on this person's situation. Good friends usually can give you some useful and good advice because they are familiar with you. Besides experiences are also important for giving advice. People who have a lot of experience will think the detail about you so that they can give you the better advice.
