A famous people you admire My idols involve different fields namely science economy political and sport and so on. Yao Ming is one of them. He is considered the greatest basketball player in China history. At the same time it has been reported that he is one of the richest sporters in Asia. As a Chinese He has won a series of glory. First of all He is the tallest basketball center in NBA history He started his professional career in NBA in 2002 he was selected into the Houston Rockets as the top 1 in the first ground In his NBA first season he soon realized the goal to score over 20 in one match at the same year he was selected into the NBA entire star big game which was a tremendous honor for basketball players. It was won at the first time by a Asia player by now he has been believed to be the core player in the Houston Rockets it is four times for Yao Ming to be taken into the NBA entire star big game in addition a funny thing occurred due to Yao Ming 's outstanding performance. Basketball Superstar Barkley had to kiss the ass of a donkey because he had expected that it was possible for Yao Ming to win more than 19 scores in one match from this thing I fell the U. S is a friendly honest and compatible nation because Barkley actually did it on the television Let us to look back Yao Ming's growing track. He came from Shanghai was born in 1980. Since he was a kid compared with his peers Yao Ming has grown dramatically when he was 8 years old he was already 1. 80 Meter tall which could be ascribed to his parents both of them are tall more than1. 90 Meter they once were the key player of Chinese national basketball team his mother even was in charged of Chinese female team as its captain. Basketball is given as his first gift with that Yao Ming has been conducted to the road to basketball. Prior to attend NBA he had achieved CBA champion for 4 times at that time he only was 19 years old furthermore he also had won the VIP award for two times. Yao Ming is thought to be an excellent delegate of the youth generation in China. His picture was once taken as the cover of time magazine to introduce what has happening in China nowadays. From him you not only can see those values heritages from our ancestors such as diligent modest focus on cooperation but also can see other more important values including open optimism more confident own special the sense of humor. He is not the player to firstly attend NBA in China but he is the best person who adapts to different culture. I know achievement Yao Ming has won cannot be compared with that of those super starts in NBA. Actually what I have been impressed is his personality and sport spirit. Tell a gossip new Yao Ming has been married with Yeli who is a basketball player and as tall as 1. 95 Meter the hottest topic has been discussed by Chinese is that how tall their kid will be
