There are various kinds of cultures in all over the world. According to those cultures people have different methods of educations. Especially between Korea and America there are big gaps in culture. First in America they encourage to question whenever they want and even while a class is going by a teacher. Second in Korea many people prefer to work individually instead of doing in a group. These two differences are compared easily between Korea and America. First of all students in America are not shy when they question to teachers and the teachers think that they should answer the questions. However when students in Korea have questions they first are worried about whether the questions are good or not because we have one of different cultures from America. This is that when they speak whatever we have to think very carefully before speaking it. On the other hand in America most people are very individual so if someone has a strange opinion the other people could accept that even though they think it is wrong. Second many teachers in America prefer to work students in a group. They think that the students who are working in a group get more advantages than doing individually. Also American students are used to discussing their opinions with the other people so through exchanging their opinions each other they will benefit from that. However in Korea we do not get used to discussing with the other people because when we talk about certain opinion we usually first consider whether the other people agree with the opinion or not. We sometimes think that it is better not to say if the opinion would be hurt the other people's opinion. As a result most Korean students prefer to work individually because they do not have to consider the other people Unlike most Korean students I usually cast my questions to teachers whenever I wonder about something. In addition I prefer to work in a group. These are because of my experience in America. After studying in America I realized two things. First whenever I have questions I asked the questions to somebody who could help me without hesitate. As a result I learned more effective than only keeping my questions. Also when I did group working I could give questions my partners. Even if the questions were very difficult to me it was sometimes easy to my partner so I could learn it easily and the explanations were much easier because they had same level as me. I think although Korea has different methods of education from America because of cultural background both countries could learn different aspects from each other. Consequently they would benefit more from different methods of education.
