TO THE ENDS OF THE EARTH AND BEYOND THE REALITY WITH CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW AND THE CARIBBEAN PIRATES Now bring me that horizon that's the closing line of the first part of the trilogy Pirates of Caribbean after the Captain Jack Sparow's reconquest of his beloved ship the Black Pearl and with it although for a short time as we can see in the sequel his freedom. It's in fact the coveted freedom that Jack is looking for because that is it what the Black Pearl really symbolized as just Jack himself tells to Elizabeth when he is marooned for the second time on a godforsaken island Wherever we want to go we go. That's what a ship is you know it's not just a keel and a hull and a deck and sails. That's what a ship needs but what a ship is what the Black Pearl really is. . . Is freedom . The audience following Captain Jack and the others irresistible characters is absorbed in an enchanting movie that brings them in an adventure guided by a magic compass that points and leads to what you want most. I think that what a moviegoer wants most is stargazing. That's the power of the motion picture this is why this extraordinary invention keep on fascinating again and again spuring millions of people all over the world to pack the movie theatres to purchase sophisticated television and sound equipments to buy the diverse pay tv package and inciting the electronic companies to propose new recording mediums with the purpose of improving increasingly the vision for a bigger tangibility of the image reducing in that way more and more the gap between fiction and reality. The movies make people dream that's what they are fond of whether they like fantacy movies or not even the most realistic movie causes a separation from the real life mobilizing that complex psychological machanism of identification that brings back the audience to the infantile oedipal primal scene. Although obviously the fantacy genre make easier and more evident the oneiric process of breakaway from the real life all kind of movie prepare the moviegoer to dream even physically the motionless position to which the audience is exposed in the dark theatre is close to the rest condition. Only the brain is subjected to the impulsebath and it is answerable for the mental elaboration of a tridimensional image in which the audience makes itself the hero of its favorite movies. The brain elaboration allows us to go wherever we want to go following our heroes we can extricate ourselves from the movement inability and unleash the imagination in search of the freedom of dreaming. This is the reason that motivate me to watch again and again the Ted Elliott Terry Rossio Stuart Beattie Jay Wolpert and Gore Verbinsky's figment of the imagination. I can't hide the charm wielded on me by some unequalled striking characters such as the extraordinary unique one constructed by a first class versatile expert actor like Johnny Depp. How can one deny that one of the most essential elements of a movie is in fact the acting and the selection of an attractive cast. The star system accounts for the bang of a movie for its attractiveness. The whole cast is distinguished even the seemingly minor characters. Nowaday visual gratification is impossible to undervalue not only the selection of the location but the employment of the special effects are essential requirement to create breathtaking images. The sea the ocean with their immensity and air of mystery that ensphere the fear of the unknown and of the unexplored have ever glamored generating movie of great impact Jaws Big Wednesday The Abyss Waterworld and the millionaire success of Titanic up to the recent Master and Commander only to mention some. Furthermore if it is added the marvellous colors of tropical beaches of tested successful movies like The beach Cast away and Lost the fortunate tv series of world reach conceived by the blilliant Jeffrey Lieber J. J. Abrams and Damon Lindelof the visual impact is multiplied. Another important component of a movie is the plot the perfect organization of the ingredients of the storyline that follow one onother without giving the audience a moment's rest and the possibity to estrange from that perfectly developed ureality. As regards Pirates of Caribbean appears a pyrotechnic adventure made of grapplings vigorous duels revange and suspance which captivate male spectators but doesn't lack desire passion and love that exite the female ones. Moreover there is a lot of irony and a undertone of fabulous horror. The screenwriters didn't omit anything in the trilogy we can find the allegorical representation of the characters' spiritual path to the adulthood included in so many works of fiction the imagination of books that have undoubtedly helped to spread piratical themes such as the Stevenson's Treasure Island the exciting vicissitudes of the characters of Jules Verne's pirate trilogy and the expressed mention to the Homeric's Odyssey maked explicit by the presence of Calypso the greek goddess that confined Ulysses on Ogigia Island. The connection to this epic deeds with a clear relation to the endless roaming towards the uncharted permit to reproduce the archetypal forms of the novelistic pursuit journey a trip in an imaginative place in search of something precious on which the heroes run into adventures overcome adversities with cleverness strenght and fearlessness trials that at the end cause their growth. But then again as a good fiction story the inherent moral it is not so tacit in the first part greed and craving lead just to the frustration. The curse could be read like the symbol of the futility of the breathless research of wealth which doesn't delight. A movie so intense and gripping which over three parts wakes a great deal of emotions and passions necessarily allures the audience because everyone finds in it something to which devote. The motion picture this remarkable invention gives the possibility of feeling deep emotions only for about two hours that is its power. The potency of vision is in addition accompanied by the intensity of Hans Zimmer's sound track that increases egregiously its strength. The ingeniousness of the trilogy is noticeable and the proof is the all time record in the box office the first to collect more than one hundred millions dollars in the first forty eight hours of showing. So much is the movie passionate that it seems that Johnny Depp himselves is unable to leave his character and maybe he don't need to do that yet as the Disney announced the making of a new trilogy in which the witty sensational Captain Jack Sparrow will bring us in a new adventure to that horizon that he aspire so much the horizon which is nothing else that the subtle boudary between reality and fiction peculiarity of the dreams and of the cinema. Because paraphrasing Jack's words the cinema enables to go wherever we want to go. . . That's what a movie is you know it's not only characters and colors and plots and music. That's what a movie needs but what a movie is. . . Is freedom and emotions .
