Write an essay on ONE of the following topics. You have 35 minutes to complete the essay. Submit your essay in the ELI Online Homework Submission web page before you leave the classroom. Sometimes when an advice graven from someone who does not have gotten his education but he have the life experience this advice can be more effective on our life more an advice given by someone who has a knowledge and alive experience as much as the first one However there are man types of the advices that we get in or life there is an advice affect in our thinking and how we act or even on our personality. There is an advice given to help us having a better social life. On the other hands we have that kind of advice affect on us to be better in our field of studying or in our life career. The first kind of the advices I would like to talk about is the advices which affect on us. Some one who has a life experience and is not necessary for him to have a school degree to give it usually gives that kind of advice. For example most of us have seen our grandparents and talk with them and listen to their life stories form those stories can we tell how much benefit we got and how much advices we came out with. In my own life I got the best advice from my grandfather and by the way he can read and write but he had not go to school in his life. The following kind of advice is related to the first one but it is little bit different. That kind of advices is given to help us in our social life like if we face a problems with our friends our with our mates wives husbands However that advice does not need a degree to be given it needs an experience to be a good advice to help the person who will receive that advice. To make that kind more clear I will give an example pf a person who has a bad situation or a problem with his wife that person needs help and an advice to figure out what he is going to do with his situation That advice it will be given by someone who has life experience or has gone throw a similar situation. In our fields of studying or in our career life we need an advice sometimes to solve problem or to improve our career life. A person who has a life experince can give us an advice affect our career life. However in that kind of advice it will be better f it's given by some one who has a knowledge in that field or that major. To summarize my opinion about the advice I would like to say that advice can be given by someone who has knowledge or someone who has a life experience and it's depend on the situation and what it is giving for. For example if it is for alive situation it's better to be with experience if it's for a life career or any kind of studying it's better to be with knowledge
