Tennis against Soccer Tennis and Soccer are both Olympic Games and there are completely different. People know soccer is a team sport which has 20 players playing in a big field. On the other hand tennis has tow to four players in a small court. Also soccer's filed stadium accommodated more than 200 000 fans but tennis's court can afford not more 2000 watchers. Although there is no sport shares the same rules. However some of us never thought that they share features in common. One of the similarities that they both share is the popularities. As I have mentioned that soccer's stadium accommodates more than 200 000 but its spectators reach billions around the world. Also its number increases almost every year because of the soccer's bunches in each country and some of the fans follow not only a team from their hometown but also a team from a major league. In Europe for example there are many leagues namely Premier League in England Serie A in Italy and La Liga in Spain. Moreover soccer is a sport that people especially men are able to play it and watch it more than women. Similarly tennis is known in many countries and it has stately number of fans. Also tennis has its games such as Australian Open French Open Wimbledon and U. S. Open that help increasing its spectators. Besides tennis is the one of a multi sport event such as Olympics Asian Game or even a school game as the soccer has. Earning lots of money is one of the significant features that they both share. Ronaldinho for instance is an obvious example as a soccer player who earns a lot of money income from his career. In 2007 In 2007 his income is 55 million which increase around 30 million from last year. Furthermore many companies hire soccer players as presenters of their product especially sporty products such as Nike Adidas or Reebok. Although they have to pay a lot of money for hiring soccer stars the profits are greater than that. Many customers want to buy soccer shoes just because they see their star use them in a game. For a soccer team in a major league a company which owns a team can make money by selling game tickets souvenirs or team shirts. Man Utd is regarded as the richest soccer team in the world which its profit is more than the capital in some small countries. Likewise Roger Federer is the top tennis player who gains a great annual income. He got the prize from many competitions and also from advertisement. His income is considered to be the highest income in tennis history. Furthermore a lot of companies not only sporty product but also others make advertisement by hiring tennis players to attract customers. Move on to the price of tennis tickets it's very expensive especially a Grand Slam's ticket. Manager and anyone who relate in this event always get a wonderful profit because of that. In order to get the cheapest one customers might have a very far seat which they can see a player smaller than an ant. There are many famous super stars in both sports. However David Beckham is a soccer star that almost every one knows him. He became famous when he was a player in Man Utd team. One of the reasons is his appearance. He is handsome and always dress fasionable suit. Moreover he has an accurate free kick which helps his team from being a loser many times. His personality is also a reason that makes him a star. He is polite and plays hard in every game. In the same way Roger Federer is a tennis star that won many prize. He has held the first rank of the world since in 2004. Also he is a good looking guy that many women like him. Furthermore his performance in a court is the best in every type of the court. He also has a powerful serves. Nowadays it is claimed that no one can defeat him easily. Besides he intends winning in every game and plays very hard. In the end tennis and soccer are sports which many people have not thought about their similarities. A popular sport lots of money income and super stars are some similarities which are able to be noticed easily.
