Reforming and Opening up Policy. A Watershed in Modern Chinese History It is well known that now Chinese economy improves rapidly and our Chinese people are very willing to share culture with other countries. But if you watch the pictures taken in China before 1979 you can find a very different China people wore blue or black clothes and didn't dare to talk with strangers especially the foreigners the product was exiguous and no enough culture activities were held. Why China has had such a big change during these thirty years In 1979 to meet the growing material and cultural needs of the people and improve backward social production and status in the world stage the changes in economic culture and political policy were founded in and introduced by Deng Xiaoping the third chief chairman of China. This new policy we call it Reforming and Opening up as a significant milestone created two different eras in modern Chinese history. After the foundation of People's Republic of China in 1949 planned economy was the leader policy of Chinese economy. The government controlled all major sectors of economy and formulated all decisions about resources using and the distribution of income and products. The Americans must be very familiar with food stamps which are offered to poor people for free by the US government. But in China before 1979 there were not only the food stamps but also the cloth stamps oil stamps watch stamps bicycle stamps television stamps etc. These very limited stamps were distributed to each organization. The common people had to buy these stamps with money because only with these stamps they were able to buy relative product. Without enough supplies people's standard of living was extremely low. Fortunately Deng Xiaoping realized this adverse circumstance and advised government to change the planned economy policy to mixed economy which includes elements of both the planned and the market economies. Reform policies brought great improvements in the standard of living. At the same time some special economic zones were founded to attract foreign investments. Shenzhen one of the earliest special economic zones was only a small village in 1979 but now it has been a big city with 12 million people. In this new economy system because the decisions about what to produce how to produce and how to share out the product are mostly determined by market instead of government interference people had more freedom in buying and choosing product and more abundant product was produced. Absolutely those stamps have been the history. Before 1979 not only was the economic policy rigidified but also people's culture life was very bald. The common people rarely spent time and money in joining culture activities. Actually no enough activities were held. People repeated the life mode as two points and one line home workplace every day. They did watch TV or listen to the radio but the types of programs were also very limited. For example the TV and radio programs only included news and some revolution songs hence people could not get enough information from these programs. Only few people could have opportunities to study at foreign country. As a result Chinese people gave the world an impression that they did not care the news from other countries and also did not intend to accept different culture. These situations were also changed by the Reform policies in 1979. Literature and the arts blossomed and Chinese intellectuals established extensive links with scholars in other countries. Many different kinds of culture have been introduced in China. A lot of students and scholars have been invited to other countries for studying or visiting. In addition as improvements in the standard of living some new technology has entered common people's family. For instance internet Kara OK Fitness Equipments have been more popular in family. Chinese people can do several kinds of activities in their own home. On the other hand more public activities such as concerts exhibitions operas are often held. Chinese people's culture life is becoming more and more colorful. Chinese political circumstance was not very stable before 1979. Inside Chinese Community party controlled the government and gradually eliminated the oppositions. Outside the government was dedicated to improve the relationship between developing countries instead of the developed countries. For human rights only very few efforts were done because of government's limitation of knowledge. Nevertheless as the new policy has been implemented the Chinese leadership encouraged common people to adopt more critical approaches although open attacks on party authority were not permitted. On aspect of foreign policy more friendly relationship has been founded between China and some developed country such as the United States Japan United Kingdom etc. China has also acknowledged in principle the importance of protection of human rights and has taken steps to bring its human rights practices into conformity with international standards. Look back the sixty years history of People's Republic of China. It was divided into two important times by reforming and opening up policy. Every Chinese who lived in both the two times can profoundly experience these differences in economy culture and politics. As a Chinese I love my mother country very much. I strongly believe whatever changes exist China is waking up. Just as Napol China is a sleeping giant. When it awakens the earth will shake.
