Two kinds of professions art and science Art and science seem to be two entirely different fields. When people are asked their impressions for an artist a cool boy or girl wearing odd clothes usually emerges in their minds. And for a scientist people usually think of one person who wears glasses with a solemn expression all day. Actually more often than not art and science are considered more divergent than similar each other. One notable difference between these two fields is their function. Art including painting music and literature etc applies image and metaphor. It serves to represent people's emotional response for life such as hope happiness mercy and depression. Truly and integrally recording human history with sound and words is one purpose of art. On the other side science uses number and equation it intents to explore the nature of phenomenon occurred in our world. Furthermore science focuses on solving problems and advocates practice which has made it possible for people to innovate various techniques. Secondly education methods for an artist and a scientist are also different. Creativity and imagination play a principle role in success of an artist. There are no strict rules and protocols in works of art. So teachers usually prefer to trigger inspiration of art students and afford them enough freedom to perform their works. On the contrary disorder and uncertainty mean a kind of disaster for the science. Excellent logical and analytical ability are essential elements for a scientist. Must and fixed are two terms a student majored in science often heard. The freedom to carry out their researches is under certain orders. Regardless of so many differences between these two professions it is certain that art and science do have at least one thing in common both of them have exerted tremendous positive influences on our society. Art not only can enhance our sense of aesthetics which contributes to our ways of perceiving the world but also can help us learn our society through demonstrating ideals and impulses hidden. In addition art has purified the minds of people and offered us an access to release stress and pain. So does science. Enormous innovations have been created in the 21st century namely automobile phone computer and internet etc. Thanks to them we have been emancipated from heavy labor tasks Thanks to them we have broadened our activity areas and acquired a high speed and economic ways of communication Thanks to them we have gotten abundant information and our work efficiency has improved dramatically. In sum art and science are distinct but intertwined professions in spite of so different their function purpose and education methods are they should be to serve human beings.
