In Taiwan My home is a four floor house. I live with my parents and younger brother. My parents live in the third floor and my younger brother live in the fourth floor as well as the second floor I live in. The ground floor is a main space such as a living room a kitchen and a restroom. Besides except for the house there are a driveway an underground garage and some bushes on the side of the house in the outside. In front of the bushes would be a great place to plant a garden. However when I came to the United States I considered one question. Should I live in the house or in the apartment I familiar with living in the house in my country but I decide to live in an apartment in America because of the cost. On the contrary I find many differences between them. One important difference is their activity space. In a house there are many activity spaces you can use. For example the floors of the house that I used in my home are larger than the floors of the apartment that I used in America. In the house I can play basketball in my back yard but not in my America apartment. Each floor of my home is with a bathroom and restroom. If someone occupies one restroom I can use others. In contrast in the apartment my activity space is solely in living room kitchen and bedroom at the same floor. I have no other floors I can use and even I have no any backyard to play basketball. Another difference between houses and apartments is the living cost. Living in the apartment is always cheaper than living in the house. For instance there is only one floor space in my apartment so the cost of heat is cheaper. On the contrary the cost of the power of my home is more expensive than that of my apartment in America. If I want to reduce my cost in America I have to adopt this important factor. Finally privacy is an important factor for living. Living in the house has better privacy than living in the apartment. To illusion my home in Taiwan is an individual building as can prevent us against noise that results from my neighbors. If my neighbor especially a couple has a conflict or students have a hot pot party or watching super champion game individual building can keep away the noise. Compared to the house sometimes I cannot avoid meeting a bad neighbor in the elevator when I live in an apartment. I cannot keep alone and undisturbed completely. House is vital to everyone's future life. It is our home our place that we can take a rest. We will spend a long time staying with the house. Although living in the house or in the apartment have different perimeter living functions both space have the same ultimate goal let people take a rest and replete with energy. No matter where I live Home is always my harbor.
