Every system has some advantages and disadvantages. This is also true with education system. When we are comparing the education system of two or more countries we have to concentrate on the teaching examination and text book revised systems of those countries. So let us talk about the some differences between American and Pakistani education system. In any educational system teachers are like the back bone. When we compare the American teacher with Pakistani teacher we come to know the differences in my observation American teachers are the master of their subjects and have good command. They remain touch with latest developments in their field of study. They teach the students with personal experiences and impact a healthy influence on the students. They have no difficulty in communicating and providing a source of inspiration to the students. Their method of teaching is also appropriate for example some fields require more practical skills instead of theoretical However in the Pakistan many teachers don't realize that they have good knowledge but don't have good command. Teachers usually do not make efforts to improve the command. They get out of touch with latest developments in their field of study and most of them take their work non seriously. The method of teaching in Pakistan is very old and teachers usually concentrate only theoretical works. So most of the Pakistani students have problems in performing practical works. The examination system is another important pillar in the education system of any county. The work of a student is now determined by his success in examinations. Examinations bring degrees and diplomas to successful candidates and these bring jobs and carriers to them. There are some differences in American and Pakistani examination system. In America there are usually multiple choice questions in the examination which is much better to check the practical as well as theoretical knowledge. On the other hand in Pakistan the old tradition like long answer will get more score in the examination and teachers have to spend a lot of time to check the papers and sometimes teacher Owen desperation or anxiety also disturb the result. But in the multiple choice questions it is easy to check them and there will be no emotional disturbance by the teachers. In Pakistan text books are not usually revised periodically. In contrast Americans are not only revised the text books but also include latest research during the studies. It is concluded that American educational system is better than the Pakistani educational system but if we analyze that America is a developed country on the other hand Pakistan is a developing country. Now Pakistan needs a new educational system which is free from defects. Pakistani government can send the teachers to the developed country through the exchange programs to learn proper method of teaching. They can also send their examination conduct team to the developed country to gain knowledge of better examination system.
