Name ANON_NAME_0 Last Name Date February 09 2008 Topic Comparism of two famous people There were are and still will be many famous people in the world. There is no doubt that today's people have different interests and opinions about famous people or celebrities. For everyone of us is famous special and important somebody else for example singers actors actresses artists and many others. When I was thinking about the topic for this essay I had made a decision that my famous people will be Mother Teresa and her friend Princess ANON_NAME_1. Both of them are the most special women from a famous group of people. Many can ask what is the difference between them. Lets try to compare them. Mother Teresa and Princess ANON_NAME_1 are quiet similar but on the other hand totally different women who had done many things for our land. First poor Albanian woman called Agnes who joined the sisters of Loreto as a missionary at the age of 18. At this age she chose the name Teresa after the patron saint of missionaries. She was teaching children in India for several years. After receiving permission in Vatican she became one of the missionaries of charity. Its mission was to care for hungry the naked homeless the blind ill people who feel unwanted unloved uncared for society. As we know there are a lot of orphanages AIDS hospices and charity centers everywhere in the world. Mother Teresa was the first woman who opened the first Home for the dying people. She was also interested in creating new homes for lost children. She had a huge heart full of love for suffering people and she was trying to keep them alive. Her lovely opinion was that suffering would bring people closer to Jesus. She was strong catholic believing in God. Mother Teresa was traveling through all over the world to assist to the hungry and poor countries. She was every time on the right place and at the right time. She was rare and unique individual. Even I do not remember her I personally met her in one of the hospital in my country. My parents told me that she was holding me in her arms when I was 2 months old and she told me lucky baby . Mother Teresa is also holder of several awards one of them is a Nobel Peace Prize. What is really interesting generous and what I like about her is that she gave all the money from award to the poor people in India. She has been memorialized through museums and books. Also churches are called after her. She and everything beautiful about her died at the same year like her friend ANON_NAME_1. Secondly as I have mentioned I would like to compare her with Princess ANON_NAME_1. She has been known as a Princess of Whales because she was married with Prince Charles of Whales. As one of the most famous women in the world worked for the Red Cross and she campaigned the world of land mines. She had unbelievable great power but her work was always with people not on a political level. She lived between the people on the highest level and she was also one of the first celebrities touching ill people. As a Princess she had many interests like mainly fashion cinema music and traveling. Comparing with Mother Teresa she was protestant. She can support charity projects when she wanted. Even she belonged to high leveled people she was touching people infected by HIV. She had visited and met lot of ill and sick people in the hospitals. Other part of her work were problems connected with landmines. She died tragically by a car grave accident as a very pretty and young women. Everyone of us remember that shocked day and also day of a big loose. All in all people have different thinking about celebrities and famous people. Both these two women with big hearts had done many things for other people. Mother Teresa poor nun and Princess ANON_NAME_1 as a powerful woman that's sound totally different they were different in social life but they were so similar and maybe without difference inside the body. I have heard and read about them and their work a lot. I am interested in learning more and more about them. Many things that people do are wrong and destroy peace in the world. I would like to hear about more people like these two women in the future because if there were people kind nice generous and helpful everything would be seen different.
