Two generations in China One day before I came to U. S I looked at my parents' wedding pictures and I couldn't help laughing they looked more like common friends rather than couple I couldn't find much sweety on their faces but little nervous. These pictures reflect the huge change between my generation and my parents' in China. I'm going to discribe their different attitudes and manners towards love and marrige. One of the main differences between this two generations lies in their attitude towards love. People in China who were born in sixties last century emphosized on loyalty to love in other words they prefered only having one lover in their lives and once they decided to fall in love with someone they won't part easilly. What's more they were usually more conservative. They flushed when said I love you to their lovers and of course they considered having sex before marrige taboo. Besides there was not so much romantic datings in their love. For example It might be the most regular dating for my parents that my farther went to my mother's home for helping doing some heavy works every week. Comparing with my comtemporaries our love seems more free and romantic and we have more open attitude towards love. We are able to say I love you to many different girls most of us have more than one girlfriends. It may be considered naive if you believe your first lover to be your wife or husband. Besides we have more romantic datings honey words and it is more acceptable for before marrige sex now. It could be more different if we look at wedding manners of these two generations. In 1970's people didn't need to worry about their houses because every new couple would be allocated an apartment from government. At that time people prefered to make furniture and articles for daily use by their own hands. Men took charge of making furniture while women is responsibe for making quilt and pillow. For instance before my partents got married my mother had made four quilts and a pair of pillows. As chinese tradition she must embroidered mandarin duck a kind of duck which represents persitent marrige on pillows and chinese dragon and phenix standing for men and women on quilts and my mother did it. For my farther he had made most of the furniture. As regards the wedding ceremony they prefer chinese tradional style men should have dressed in Tang suit and Chi pao for women. Both of them are tradional chinese cloth. They didn't need to swear to God and wedding ring was not nessesary as well. The only guarantee was to drink'jiao bei wine'which meaned groom and bride should have drank a cup of wine by interwining their arms. After the ceremony most of them didn't have a chance to have a honey month because they were usually not permitted for that long off work they had to go back to work few days after their ceremony. What's more they should have lived together with their parents in order to take good care of both of their parents. Now looking at my generation there is no allocated house any more. In addition I think no man has the ability to make his own furniture expect that he is a carpinter. Neither do women. It becomes one of the most important and interesting things for nowaday's new couple to choose their furniture in mall. Moreover we now prefer Christian style ceremony we need our partner to swear to God for loving me the whole life and we wear wedding rings as a sign of marrige. It is of course that we should spend a happy and romantic honey month together no matter how busy we are and we seldom live together with our parents after marrige. In sum since china is influenced so much by westen countris after its reform and opening up our generation's attitude towards love and marrige also get changed a lot comparing with our parents'.
