It is very interesting to me to watch the long and exciting race of the Presidential election of the U. S. Especially the big match of the Democratic Party between experienced Hillary Clinton and challenging Barack Obama. No one can expect who will be the nominee of the Democratic Party. Many people seem have intense aspiration towards change and reform whether they support Clinton or Obama. They look like getting tired of the economical decline Iraq War crisis of subprime mortage unstable and expensive health insurance and 7 year lasting conservative Administration. Maybe that is why Obama became the most popular candidate in relatively short period. Obama seems to become a symbol of change nowadays. Many people especially young generation enthusiastically support Obama. It is often said that he is received with wild enthusiasm like a rock star. This situation reminds me of the similar atmosphere of the winter of Korea in 2002 when Roh Moo Hyun the current President of Korea was becoming a sensational dark horse as a symbol of change. Roh Moo Hyun and Obama look similar in many aspects even though one is a current candidate of the Democratic Party of the U. S. And another is the current President of Korea. Roh Moo Hyun and Obama might be classified as the 'minorities' rather than majorities. They have fatal Achilles' heel as politicians and overcome their weaknesses. They also chose the hard journey of lives to help the poor instead of making money unlike other major lawyers. Roh Moo Hyun's educational background was his biggest weakness. He has no bachelor's degree. He was a lawyer before becoming the President as same as Obama. Being a lawyer without the Bachelor of Law is very rare and unbelievable in Korea. His educational background must have been unpleasant and unacceptable to most Korean politicians when he decided to be a politician. Many people ignored him although he was a brilliant lawyer. As a lawyer he had made a great effort for the poor and human right for a long time instead of making a lot of money. Obama also has a minor image because of his skin color. If he will be the President he is the first African American President of the U. S. Although racism is almost disappeared officially subtle discrimination might remain in many areas. Some people predict that Obama cannot gain the conservative votes who do not want the African American President. I thought that this hasty prediction is unfair and negligible but his skin color seems heavier than my expectation. In last South ANON_NAME_0 primary Bill Clinton said that Obama is the candidate only for the African American. Even though he must have felt uneasiness about Obama's soaring popularity this racial attack was very mean. I think he tended to concentrate the white voters by dividing voters into white and black. In the event his statement became an injury to Hillary Clinton's image. Obama won in South ANON_NAME_0. However no one knows whether Bill's strategy will be effective or not in remaining race. One obvious thing is that Obama is overcoming the racial attack by saying he is for the whole America not only for the specific parts. Enthusiastic young supporters and sensational popularity are the second similarities between Roh and Obama. When Roh ran for the Presidential election in 2002 only few people thought that he could be the President. His rival was a very powerful and experienced Republican. Relatively Roh had lower name value. In addition he had no enough money to do campaign. However young people who wanted to change the old and bad politic situation to new and clean politic situation volunteered to help his campaign. They voluntarily collected the election campaign fund for Roh in yellow saving boxes. This activity was rapidly expended through explosion of internet. Countless yellow saving boxes were sold. It was a sensational syndrome and Roh looked like a star. He was a symbol of change. The young voters greatly cheered. After Roh won the Presidential election he was called the 'first internet President'. He is the first President who was elected by citizen's money and has huge internet fan club. This election is considerd the most clean Presidential election throughout the Korean history. Obama is also a symbol of change and challenge. Wherever he goes young voters shout with one voice Yes we can . In addition many celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey ANON_NAME_1 de Niro Scarlett Johansson and even Warren Buffett endorse him. He is gathering much election campaign fund thanks to his great popularity. In addition both of them seem to have strong faith. Roh Moo Hyun was the only Congressman who was opposed to the fraudulent resolution about several Parties' mergence in 1990. At that time the Democratic force compromised with the anti democratic party that was military regime in former Administration. Being against them is very dangerous because it could expel him out of politic world. However Roh did not compromise. There is another story that shows us his strong faith. After deciding to be a politician he ran for the Congressman in Pusan the second biggest city in Korea. In Korea even now regionalism is quite severe. Roh should not have run for in Pusan if he really wanted to be elected because Pusan is not his region and too disadvantageous to him. However he wanted to break the ineradicable regionalism so tried in Pusan again and again. Finally he was elected in third trial. This story gave him a nickname 'foolish Roh Moo Hyun' a very ironical expression that shows his strong faith. Obama was also only one Senator who was opposed to Iraq War. Since the start of Iraq War he has strongly criticized the unjustifiable war. Making the war quit is his key election pledge. Even though many people criticize his many pledges too much and too ideal I think his constant policies show his firm political creed. One is going to retire from the President in two weeks and another is going to keep his race to the President. One is the President of a small north eastern country and another is a Senator of the most powerful country in the world. However their enthusiastic lives passing over their weaknesses faithful speech and desire for changing must be same. The inspiration that they show us will be continued I hope.
