There is nothing more important to sustain our life than satisfying our stomach proper nurturing and maintaining a tranquil society it is human nature to feel hungry and content our desire and feel security in our lives. To be a great leader of the country one must have ability to lead the country towards to flourish economy peaceful society and always concerns with the interests of the masses. On the other hand if a leader is paying more attention on international diplomacy or interfering in the internal affairs of other countries regardless of the livelihood economy of their own which will cause widespread discontent. There are two kinds of leaders facing this problem one is from Taiwan named Shuibian ANON_NAME_0 the other is from America named George Walker Bush. The president of Taiwan named Shuibian ANON_NAME_0 he was born in poverty but he never gave up. He wanted to show people that poor kids can be outstanding more than dropouts so he put the great amount of effort to get into the top one university of Taiwan. After his graduation he had a great ambitious and perspective view to make Taiwan more livable and wanted to thrive on the publicity of Taiwan's technology so he went to politics. He had high prestigious when he was the major of Taipei he made great contributions to Taipei. After he elected as the president the highest authority power seems to bring out the beast in him. He is not focusing on people's livelihood economy anymore or peaceful society. Instead he is paying more attention on international diplomacy and scattering more and more money to develop the infrastructure of other countries instead of helping the indigenous of their own. As Taiwanese people they all know that people cannot survive without friends besides it is a country so it's necessary to establish a friendly relationship with others countries. But these countries who took the money asked more and more without any feedback so it's obviously Taiwanese people are no longer to stand the greed wildly mouths in one second. Therefore his big inefficiency ability caused Taiwanese's misery index going up and all the effort he put the world position is still precarious. In contract the president of USA named George W. Bush he was born in golden spoon family. He graduated from the University of Yale and he has a well known father who is the ex president of the US apparently his politician career had gone off without a hitch. But people liked him because of his enthusiastic determinative and compassionate conservative personality which was made him become the most popular major in America. As a result he had earned enough esteem to win the president's election. According to the presidents of USA Franklin Delano Roosevelt revived the economy during great depression Abraham Lincoln abolished the black slavery John F. Kennedy hindered Cuban Missile Crisis and Bill Clinton brought the economy prosperity to USA. Relatively George W. Bush hasn't yet had some great contributions to USA but spending hundreds and thousands million on military when Americans are suffering in subprimemortgage skyrocking gasoline price high inflation rate and high underemployment rate. However there are thousand of reasons to fight Iraqi people but regardless of the reality of people's livelihood economy it seems that it is imprudent of him to launch the war. In addition we will not know that George W. Bush started the Iraq War was the right or wrong decision to make until two or three decades. Ultimately everyone likes power especially the power of sovereign. The power can easily distort our characters eat up with our ambition and erode our hearts into deeply dark such as the president of Shuibian ANON_NAME_0 and the president of George W. Bush who were so highly respected by people when their positions were not that high. Whatever to be a president is not a easy task every decision a president make which will have a great influence on people's lives. A great leader can lead people towards wealth life but a mediocre leader can guide people's lives in jeopardy. Everyone makes mistakes but when it comes to making a decision by the presidents they should be thought twice third and more than ten times.
