How to wash a care Car is important transportation for people's life. They used to drive a car to get to office shopping and travel. Car is like people's legs. If you keep it clean you will have a great transportation and a safe travel. Some evidences show that an unclear windows and mirror might make people with blurred vision it will affect traffic security. Drivers should keep clean car for safeness. In addition some reports point out that a neat car associate with condition of car. For example dust causes car to get engine trouble. In short maintaining a clean car is very important. If you worry that you must spend too much time and energy for washing car there are several major steps involved it. First of all you should prepare some materials for washing car. You can pick any clean article such as soap brush vacuum cleaner wiper water pipe and paraffin. You can get these materials from market and car store. The next thing to do is to choose a suitable area that allows your car to stay one to two hours. The place also has hydrant that match your water pipe. Don't choose a narrow and airtight room for washing car. That will interfere with your moving and bring dyspnea. Then you are now ready to begin washing car. Beside you ought to follow these main steps. First put on your tarpaulin for preventing you with wet. Then you use vacuum cleaner to clean inside of car. Make sure there are clear under the seats. In addition you use soap and brush to clean your car. Assure the body and tires are already clear. Moreover you'd better use water pipe to wash the car until it is totally clean. Don't wait for drying too long you must scour the car immediately because it will have some trace of water on the car. When you finish these steps it is almost done. Finally you need to know how paraffin the car for maintaining clean. Paraffin is a good tool for keeping your car clean and gloss. First you must make sure your car that is dry already. Second wipe paraffin on the car except windows and mirror. Next you have to press the paraffin harder and make shiny the surface of car. As you can see it is really not very difficult to wash car. It is only a matter of a little time and some effort. These steps may help washing your car easier.
