Hi everybody! My name is ANON_NAME_0 Last Name but my friends and family use to call me Sissa. I am 32 years old and I have written this page to introduce myself. I was born in the South of Brazil in a small town called Telemaco Borba. This is a strange town's name even for Brazilians who speak Portuguese. I lived in this city for 14 years with my parents and my older sister. When I was 14 years old my older sister and I moved to a more developed city in order to complete our studies. I lived in this city called Curitiba and I attended the high school and the school of Medicine there. When I tried to apply for a position in a medical center specialized in Ear Nose Throat diseases I had to move again to the biggest city of Brazil Sao Paulo. When I lived in Sao Paulo for 8 years and I had worked in a clinic of Ear Nose Throat diseases and also I started a Ph. D. Program in Brazil in the University of Sao Paulo in which I have been studying patients who suffer from tinnitus using a special type of Magnetic Resonance Imaging until now. In addition for the last 6 months I have been living in USA. I moved to Pittsburgh because I need to improve my English skills which are very necessary in the Ph. D. Program. I have been studying at the English Language Institute of University of Pittsburgh. However fortunately I have had other interest besides working. I love to be at home. I have learned to cook different kinds of food from diverse countries such as Mexico Puerto Rico France and Thailand. Also I love my pets which are two cats and one dog. I have taken care of them for 5 years. Unfortunately I have not practiced a specific sport through my life. On the other hand I have worried with my own health and I have learned to cook healthy food and I have been walking at least 30 minutes since 2006. In addition I have studied different languages such as French Spanish and English. I am also interested in music and I would like to play a musical instrument such as piano or cello in the future when I will finish the Ph. D. Program. I am very shy and I have been trying to change this characteristic of my personality. I do not have many friends but fortunately I have known loyal friends through my life. If you are similar interests and hobbies and you like to share your experience with me please send me an e mail. I would appreciate to answer you and be your friend.
