High school student are miserable because they are all stressed out. Most of high school student hate their teachers because they are dictators who only value studying and grade. Thus they want to annoy their teacher. However they don't have enough idea to bother their teacher. Annoying your teacher is not difficult when you follow these steps one by one. First of all you should be late for school without your homework and you should also take a time to find your seat. If your teacher wants your homework you have to persist that he she didn't assign homework. At this time you should cooperate with your classmates. Now you can get hungry and you should eat meal in the classroom with noise. If your teacher makes you stop eating you should through away food and chat with your friend. After that you might be tired and you can sleep until lunch time. Second of all it's time to use lunch time or break to annoy your teacher. Before starting this mission you should think about your teacher's personal question. On this mission timing is really important and you should be a good actor. Now you should ask very personal question to your teacher in front of as many people as possible including principal. He she will be the most embarrassed person in the city. Third it's time to change. Afternoon classes are boring and sleepy. Let's make it fun! You should switch several students with another class's students. Especially teacher seems dazed. Now your teacher will fly off the handle. Last of all the day is almost over you need special ending. You should find your teacher's car and scribble on the car with erasable pen. You are teacher might don't know about that until she or he look their car. You can imagine your teacher's face when your teacher knows about scribbling on their car. Your teacher maybe hit the roof. In conclusion your teacher may call you and punish you because you had too much fun today. It is time to say sorry. You have to apologize earnestly. Don't have too much fun you might get suspension.
