How to study for an exam Studying does not mean learn by heart any specific topic because the memory is fragile and it is certain that the last period of examination forget what he studied. The student should not settle for study for a test. The student must not study to a grade. The student should really worry about the acquisition of knowledge and reflection on the learning acquired to help people build a more critical and independent thinking to grow personally as social beings and organizations to take ideas already positioning themselves to take a clearer and more consistent with the various situations that sooner or later arise in the life. Pay attention to the classes review notes homeworks and others tests and doing exercises for comprehension is the best way to have success at school higher and professional development courses. Pay attention to the classes is equivalent to remember with clarity. Notes that you take must be brief and incomplete. It is about to use these few words as recorded stimulus to remember everyone thinking exposed. Then more relaxed you can complement everything that adding memory gives us. The first time take notes in this way is worrying you are afraid to register to little. However when you repeat the experience is showing how long and what you write. The person that does not risk does not learn. An intelligent person is who learn from mistakes. The review is the key of the exam. The brief notes incite review to understand. Only the review consolidate that you understood. The review eliminates much of the singularities of capricious memory. These reviews provide you that the knowledges are clear for life and these are recommended for most people who are in college. Also you have to doing exercises for example summaries because is the best way to study and remember for an exam. The ability to summarize is linked to the ability to understand accurately what is considered essential and guarantee us that we understand exactly the essence of what we have to discuss or comment. In conclusion this guide is the best way that you can study as this will mean success in the internalization of knowledge acquired and will give you the opportunity to pay their quiet. Remember now depends on you to obtain the results.
