I came from China in which eating culture has a long history. The Chinese people regard taking meal as a way to express welcome and enhance friendship so do I. I often ate out with my friends when I was in China which has been the treasure in my memory. However having a dinner in a restaurant called ANON_NAME_0 Guilin with my friends is an exception. I still feel embarrassed when I remember it. I consider it my worst meal experience I have ever had so many unexpected things occurred. At that time I would leave China to American. My friends held several fare ware dinners for me respectively. I even ate out every night in a week. We went to various style restaurants including chun style xiang style and yue style. Two of them impressed me deeply ANON_NAME_0 Guilin and a restaurant who sold soup exclusively. In two days before I left China I made the appointment with my friends in ANON_NAME_0 Guilin to appreciate them. ANON_NAME_0 Guilin is a xiang style restaurant which served diverse food with plenty of chili. The terrible experience started right in that day. First of all I was late due to my wrong schedule and my fiends had to wait for me in the lobby of the restaurant. When I arrived the waitress told me the room I reserved was already canceled. We had to take meal in the public area it meant that we would have to talk loudly because too many people in were. After we arranged our seats I began to order its special foods including chicken duck meat fish and a kind of beverage made 0. From Chinese traditional herb etc. The chicken it served was not normal chicken it made from chickens farmer breed with various vegetables and rice rather than forage and it cooked with well water transited from Guilin a city known as its beautiful scene which made the chicken be delicious in particular especial when you put some spice made exclusively on it. Unfortunately this special dish stopped to provide in that day I had to change another dish. Eventually we began to our dinner at that time we were so happy but felt a little sorrow because I would have to leave them to begin the new life in a completely strange country. When I asked for the waitress to pay my bill the most embarrassed moment was coming I left my wallet in home and I had nothing to pay it even one coin. At last it was my friends to pay for me. I know someone maybe considers it is a small case I also know my friends has never blamed me for this thing. But it is a case has nothing with money I have still felt sorry to my friends until now I wish I can take meal with them when I go back China again and this time this mistake will never be done.
