Should the Death Penalty Exist The death penalty has existed for many years which is the oldest punishment in the world. There are many ways to execute criminals who have done the unforgivable crimes. For instance in the Ching Dynasty China they used to punish criminals by cutting their head. In Europe they used to punish by hanging. Those punishments look very brutal and bloody. It can remind people not to do anything illegal. However the existence of the death penalty has become a controversial problem even though we have changed the way to execute criminals by shooting head or injecting poison. People start thinking the existence of the death penalty from several different points of views such as the human rights the crime rate and the money spent. In my opinion the death penalty must exist. First of all the human rights which are the biggest problem have been considered by people who think that death penalty should not exist because criminals have their human rights to live even they have done something unforgivable. We need to respect criminals' life. Also we are not able to decide somebody's lift by laws or a judge. However can criminals still have their human rights The answer is no. In my opinion when criminals commit a crime they have already lost their rights especially their crimes are murder and raping. Because they did not respect other people's rights first. Therefore the death penalty is the best way to punish. Second there is nothing can prove that the existence of the death penalty can decrease or increase the crime rate. However when we abolish the death penalty the crime rate must go up. Without the death penalty the criminals have nothing to fear. The criminals just need to imprison in the prison for several months or years. After that they can get freedom again. Some of them still commit the crimes. The percentage of the recommitment is high which means the recidivists will become more and more because the death penalty was abolished. Therefore the death penalty must exist. Unless it can threaten some people not to commit or recommit. The money spent is my last viewpoint. When the crime rate increase there are more and more criminals. Then we have to build more and more prisons. Also we need to offer them meals. However where the money came from The answer is the government which use people's tax to pay that. It means people who abide by the law and do their duty have to offer money for criminals who did not respect other people's life. That is not fair. Therefore in order to decrease the amount of criminals the existence of the death penalty is necessary. Some countries have abolished the death penalty. However there still have ninety nine countries keep it. Also several countries which had abolished the death penalty make it exist again. For example in 1967 the United States had abolished it for ten years. Because of the increasing of the crime rate they have to make it exist again. In my opinion the existence of the death penalty is necessary. Also we should make it more serious. For example people who steal need to accept the death penalty. After all we will have a perfect world.
