Should the Death Penalty Exist The death penalty which is the oldest punishment in the world has existed for many years. There are many ways to execute criminals who have done unforgivable crimes. For instance in the Ching Dynasty in China they used to punish criminals by cutting down their head. In Europe they used to punish by hanging. Those punishments look very brutal and bloody. It can remind people not to do anything illegal. However the existence of the death penalty has become a controversial problem even though we have changed the way to execute criminals by shooting head or injecting poison. People have started thinking of the existence of the death penalty from several different points of views such as the human rights the crime rate and the money spent. In my opinion the death penalty must exist. First of all the human rights which are the biggest problem have been considered by people who think that the death penalty should not exist because criminals have their human right to live even though they have done something unforgivable. We need to respect criminals' lives. Also we are not able to decide somebody's life by laws or a judge. However can criminals still have their human right The answer is no. The reason is when criminals committed a crime they did not respect other people's right at first. At that time they have already lost their right especially when their crimes are murder and rape. Therefore the death penalty is the best way to punish. Second there is nothing which can prove that the existence of the death penalty can decrease or increase the crime rate. However when we abolish the death penalty the crime rate might go up. Without the death penalty criminals have nothing to fear. In addition criminals just need to imprison in the prison for several months or years. After that they can be free again. Some of them still commit crimes. The percentage of the recommitment is high which means the recidivists will increase because the death penalty was abolished. On the other hand the death penalty must exist because it has some effects which can threaten some people not to commit or recommit. The money spent is my last point. When the crime rate rises we have to build more and more prisons for the increasing criminals. Then we need to hire more officials to guard them. Also we need to offer them meals. However where does the money come from The answer is the government which uses people's taxes to pay that. It means people who abide by the law and do their duty have to offer money for criminals who did not respect other people's life. That is not fair. Therefore in order to decrease the numbers of criminals the existence of the death penalty is necessary. Some countries have abolished the death penalty. However there are still ninety nine countries which keep it. Also several countries which had abolished the death penalty have made reinstated it. For example in 1967 the United States had abolished it for ten years. Because of the increasing of the crime rate they have to reinstate it. In my opinion the existence of the death penalty is necessary. Also we should make it more serious. For example people who steal or do not follow the traffic lights need to accept the death penalty. As a result we will have a perfect world.
