Art and science When we go to school we are obligated to learn various subjects art and science are two of them. Some people think students should put more attention on art than science because we can acquire more advantages through studying art. I don't agree this statement. In my view art and science are two distinct and intertwined disciplines both of them contribute to our society equal emphasis should be placed on these two sides. Art seems to have nothing in common with science in terms of their function. The function of art is to record history and express personal response to life whereas science serves to explore the nature of phenomena occur in our world. Art including painting music and literature etc applies image and metaphor. Truly and integrally reflecting human history with sound words and pictures is one main purpose of art. One of Chinese traditional picture the festival of pure brightness on the river can stand out as an example. This painting vividly delineates plenty of activities happened in the festival of pure brightness in BeiSong dynasty including people with different kinds of apparel buildings and nature scene which has made it become a vital historical source to learn the costume the folklore and the architecture in Song dynasty. On the other side science uses formulas and equations it devotes to recognize secretes of the nature and the life. Solving problems and advocating practice are goals science keeps capturing. Compared with art science seems to be more powerful. With scientific techniques innovated people have acquired the ability to shape the world. For example Newton was triggered to find law of the motion by an apple fell down the ground which enlightened us to recognize the gravity and made it possible to fulfill the dream of flying like birds. In addition education methods for an artist and a scientist are so different. Art is a subjective discipline. Creativity and imagination play a principle role in success of an artist. There are no strict rules and protocols in artworks. Teachers prefer to intrigue art inspiration of students and afford them enough freedom to perform their works. Students are allowed to put their feeling into artworks. For example people can experience his enthusiasm to life in Van Gogh's paintings in which he used the vibrant color and various abstract symbolic. Michelangelo Bounaroti expressed his crave to freedom in the sculpture of David . On the contrary Science is a rational discipline it emphasizes accuracy and certainty . Teachers focus on training students' analytical and logical ability which are essential elements for an excellent scientist. Must and fixed are two terms students often hear. Da Vinci's teacher told him not attempt to draw two exactly same eggs because they didn't exist in the painting but scientists including Madame Curie Galileo etc carried out tremendous experiments just to seek the result which is identical with the fact. Meanwhile art and science are intertwined subjects they influence each other. Art as the combination of reality and imagination can inspire our creativity and bring about new ideas and innovations. Scientific fiction movie could be the strong evidence. It has been an important source to speculate the technology in the future. Those techniques emerged in movies during the past decades years come true nowadays such as human computer interaction in superman various advanced techniques in 007 series. Furthermore art conducts to enhance our sense of aesthetics in that way we can develop our way to perceive our world. In addition art not only can purify our minds but also can release our pressure and alleviate our pain. So enjoyable they will be when people listen to moon sonata after a terribly tire day and fate has encouraged countless people in desperation. Science likewise its impact also permeates the field of art. Science improves people's logical and analytical ability which has kept the artist's imagination from the illusion without foundation. It is science that helps us practice our dream and make it come true. In sum no matter what different they are both art and science have exerted tremendous positive influence on our society. Without art science is regarded as a bird lack of wings no energy and develops slowly without science art may be chimerical and lack of rationality. People lost their way to represent personal emotion and the world become dull. And human culture will be disrupted even extinct. Students should put as much attention as on art than on science only in this way they can develop to be people with healthy spirit and comprehensive academic skills.
