Two generations in China One day before I came to the U. S I looked at my parents' wedding pictures and I couldn't help laughing they didn't look like the new weddng couple but a pair of old friends. I couldn't find much sweet on their faces but they looked a little nervous. These pictures reflect the huge change between my generation and my parents' in China. The main differences lie in their attitude towards love and wedding customs. Firstly It is totally different even opposite between these two generations in their attitudes towards love. People in China who were born in the 1960's emphasized loyalty to love in other word they preferred only having one lover during their lives instead of two or three ect and once they decided to fall in love with someone they will not easily apart. At that time people would suspect your morality in case you used to have many girl or boyfriends. What's more they were usually more conservative when were in realationship. They flushed when they say I love you to their lovers and of course they consider sex before wedding taboo. Besides there was not so much romantic dating in their love. For example it was the most common dating for my parents that my father came to my mother's house and helped doing some heavy work every week. Compared to my contemporaries their love seems more free and romantic and they have open attitude towards love. They are able to say I love you to many different girls withoutcaring about being critisized most of them used to have more than one girlfriend. It may be considered naive if you believe your first lover to be your husband or wife. Besides they can have and must have romantic style in their love otherwise their lover may break up with them and consider he or she boring and it is more acceptable for sex before marrige now. The other difference between the 1960's and the 1980's is their wedding costom. In the 1970's people didn't need to worry about their house because every new couple would be allocated a new apartment from the government. But now the most tough thing for would married couple is their house problem they have to spent a lot of money to buy a house and it's prize is even more expensive than the U. S. At that time people preferred to make furniture and daily use article with their own hands. Men usually took charge of making furniture such as dining table bed chairs cabinet and so on and women were often responsible for making daily use article for example pillows and quilts. For my parents my mother had made four quilts and a pair of pillows before her marrige and my father had made a comfortable bed with delicate decoration and a set of cabinet. By the way according to chinese tradition my mother had to embroider mandarin duck a kind of duck which represents persistent love on the pillows and chinese dragon and phoenix standing man and woman on the quilts and my mom did it. As regards the wedding ceremony they prefer Chinese traditional style groom should dress in Tang suit a kind of chinese traditional custume which is made of silk and has many complicated lines and because it began to be popular in Tang dynasty about 600AC 800AC so it is called Tang suit. Bride should dressed in Chi pao which is another traditional cloth for woman. It is a kind of one piece dress which can outline woman's figure perfectly. They didn't need to swear to God and wdding ring was not necessary . The only guarantee was to drink jiao bei wine which means groom and bride should drink a cup wine y interwining their arms. After the ceremony most of them didn't have a chance to have a honeymoon because they were usually not permitted for that long off work. They had to go back to work a few days after their ceremony. What's more they should live together with their parents in order to take good care of them. Now looking at my generation I think no man has the ability to make his own furniture except that he is a carpenter and of course women no longer embroider pillows and quilts. Instead now it becomes one of the most important and interesting thing for the new couple to choose their new furniture together in mall. Moreover people prefer Christian style ceremony they need their partner swear to God for love them forever and they wear wedding rings as a sign of already married. Of course they will design a romantic honeymoon no matter how busy they are and seldom live together with their parents. In sum China is influenced so much by western countries after its reform and opening up our generation's attitude towards love and marriage also got changed a lot compared to our parents'.
