Every system has some advantages and disadvantages. This is also true with education system. When we are comparing the education system of two or more countries we have to concentrate on the teaching examination and text book revised systems of those countries. In any educational system teachers are like the back bone. In my observation American teachers are the master of their subjects and have good command. They remain in touch with at latest developments in their field of study. They teach the students with personal experiences and impact a healthy influence on the students. They have no difficulty in communicating and providing a source of inspiration to the students. Their method of teaching is also appropriate. For example some fields require more practical skills instead of theoretical. However in Pakistan many teachers don't realize that they have good knowledge but don't have good command. Teachers usually do not make efforts to improve the command. Command means the ways of teaching. In my opinion it is the duty of the teachers that they try to teach every student according to his or her level. They get out of touch with latest developments in their field of study and most of them take their work non seriously. The method of teaching in Pakistan is very old and teachers usually concentrate only theoretical works. So most of the Pakistani students have problems in performing practical works. The examination system is another important pillar in the education system of any country. The work of a student is now determined by his success in examinations. Examinations bring degrees and diplomas to successful candidates and these bring jobs to them. There are some differences in American and Pakistani examination system. In America there are usually multiple choice questions in the examination which is much better to check the practical as well as theoretical knowledge. On the other hand in Pakistan the old tradition like long answer quantity not quality will get more score in the examination and teachers have to spend a lot of time checking the papers and sometime teacher own desperation or anxiety also disturbs the result. But in the multiple choice questions it is easy to check them and there will be no emotional disturbance by the teachers. The text books are an integral part of any education system. These books provide not only the fundamental information but also include the latest research of any particular subject. In Pakistan text books are not usually revised periodically. For example the text books for 11th and 12th class of pre medical and pre engineering were revised in 1990 after more than 30 years. In contrast Americans are not only revised the text books but also include latest research during the studies. It is concluded that American educational system is better than the Pakistani educational system. America is a developed country on the other hand Pakistan is a developing country. Now Pakistan needs a new educational system which is free from defects. Pakistani government can send teachers to developed countries through exchange programs to learn proper methods of teaching. They can also send their examination conduct team to developed countries to gain knowledge of better examination systems. By improving the teaching by changing the examination system and by revising the text books periodically we will surely have done a good deal in removing the defects of our present educational system.
