Tennis against Soccer Tennis and Soccer are both Olympic Games and they are completely different. However have you ever found yourself in a stadium or a court People know soccer is a team sport which has 20 players playing in a big field. On the other hand tennis has two to four players in a small court. Also the soccer field stadium accommodates more than 200 000 fans but the tennis court can afford not more than 2000 watchers. Although there is no sport shares the same rules. However some of us never thought that they share features in common. One of their similarities is the popularity. As I have mentioned that soccer's stadium accommodates more than 200 000 but its spectators reach billions around the world. Also its number increases almost every year because of the soccer's leagues in each country and some of the fans follow not only a team from their hometown but also a team from a major league as the tennis fans do. In Europe for example there are many leagues namely Premier League in England Serie A in Italy and La Liga in Spain. Moreover soccer is a sport that especially men are able to play it and watch it. Similarly tennis is known in many countries and it has stately number of fans. Also tennis has its games such as Australian Open French Open Wimbledon and U. S. Open that help increasing its spectators. Earning lots of money is one of the significant features that they both share. These days many companies hire soccer players as presenters of their product especially sporty products such as Nike Adidas or Reebok. Although they have to pay a lot of money for hiring soccer stars or tennis star as a result the will make a mint. Many customers want to buy soccer or tennis shoes just because they have seen their star use them in a game. For a soccer team in a major league a company which owns a team can make money by selling game tickets souvenirs or team shirts. For example Manchester United is regarded as the richest team in the world which its profit increases every year according to their website. Likewise Roger Federer is the top tennis player who gains a great annual income. He got the prize from many competitions and also from advertisement. His income is considered to be the highest income in tennis history. Furthermore a lot of companies not only sporty product but also others make advertisement by hiring tennis players to attract customers. Move on to the price of tennis tickets it's very expensive especially a Grand Slam's ticket. Manager and anyone who relate in this event always get a wonderful profit because of that. In order to get the cheapest one customers might see the players smaller than an ant if they got a far seat. There are many famous super stars in both sports. However David Beckham is a soccer star that almost every one admires. He became famous when he was a player in Manchester United team. One of the reasons is his appearance. He is handsome and always dress fashionable suit. Moreover he has an accurate free kick which helps his team from being a loser many times. His personality is also a reason that makes him a star. He is polite and plays hard in every game. In the same way Roger Federer is a tennis star that won many prize. He has held the first rank of the world since in 2004. Also he is a good looking guy that many women like. Furthermore his performance in a court is the best in every type of the court. He also has a powerful serves. Nowadays it is claimed that no one can defeat him easily. Besides he intends winning in every game and plays very hard. In the end tennis and soccer are sports which many people have not thought about the similarities. A popular sport lots of money income and super stars are some similarities which are able to be noticed easily.
