When I worked in a company in Taiwan I lived a seven floor apartment with my elder brother because the rental fee is cheaper than that of living in a house. I experienced many situations such as typhoon days earthquakes and electric power cuts at that apartment. On the other hand when I came to the United States I'm still living in an apartment which is with seven floors. Compare this with that I find many differences between living in Taiwan and in America the landlord the utilities and the fire alarm. First of all one of the differences between living in America and in Taiwan is their utilities. In Taiwan there are no any carpets and heat systems in apartments because the weather is very warm and humid. Carpets not only keep the heat but also breed mold. Many people don't like frowziness from carpets. Compared to Taiwan carpets and heat systems are necessary in America because the weather in winter is very cold and both utilities can prevent people from decreasing body temperature. Besides in America washing machines are set in underground or first floor by the management office. But I have to prepare the machine by myself before I move into the apartment. Maybe it results from the different landlords. In addition other difference is the landlord. It is common event that apartments in Taiwan often belong to personal property not management companies. As a result we have to sign the lease agreement with an apartment owner. Besides this owner is also my super who can handle living problems. But in America I have to sign the contract with the management company not a person. If I have any problems during living time the company may assign workers to deal with these problems. In contract to Taiwanese rental system the management office in America is more effective than the Taiwanese house owner. Finally fire alarm system is another obvious difference. There are many fire extinguishers installed on each floor in Taiwan but the fire alarm system doesn't automatically connect with governmental fire alarm system. We have to call emergency call 119 if an apartment is burn. The Taiwanese firefighters usually get the fire news from the phone not from the automatic alarm system. Contrarily firefighters can track buildings situation through the system. They can get the first hand news immediately. For example someone smoked below smoke alarm of my America apartment and triggered it. Within five minutes firefighters came into my apartment and seek and find each floor to confirm no ignited place. At this area America system is better than Taiwanese. No matter which is good or bad an apartment is vital to my future life. It is my home my place that I can take a rest. I will spend a long time staying with the apartment. Although living in an America apartment or in a Taiwanese apartment has different utilities the landlord and the fire alarm system both places have the same ultimate goal let people take a rest and replete with energy. No matter where I live Home is always my harbor.
