Reforming and Opening up Policy A Watershed in Modern Chinese History It is well known that now the Chinese economy is improving rapidly and our Chinese people are very willing to share our culture with other countries. But if you see the pictures taken in China before 1979 you can find a very different China people wore blue or black clothes and didn't dare to talk with strangers especially the foreigners products were sparse and none enough cultural activities were held. Why has China had such a big change during these thirty years In 1979 to meet the growing material and cultural needs of the people and improve backward social production and status on the world stage changes in economic cultural and political policy were introduced by Deng Xiaoping the third chief chairman of China. This new policy we call it Reforming and Opening up created two different eras in modern Chinese history. After the foundation of the People's Republic of China in 1949 the planned economy was the lead policy of the Chinese economy. The government controlled all major sectors of the economy and formulated all decisions about using resources and the distribution of income and products. Americans must be very familiar with food stamps which are offered to poor people for free by the US government. But in China before 1979 there were not only the food stamps but also the clothes stamps oil stamps watches stamps bicycles stamps televisions stamps etc. These very limited stamps were distributed to each organization. The common people had to buy these stamps with money because only with these stamps they were able to buy products. Without enough supplies people's standard of living was extremely low. Fortunately Deng Xiaoping realized this adverse circumstance and advised the government to change the planned economy to the mixed economy which includes elements of both the planned and market economies. Reform policies brought great improvements in the standard of living. At the same time some special economic zones were founded to attract foreign investments. For example Shenzhen one of the earliest special economic zones was only a small village in 1979 but now it is a big city with 12 million people. In this new economical system because the decisions about what to produce how to produce and how to share products are mostly determined by the market instead of government interference people had more freedom in buying and choosing products and more abundant products were produced. Those stamps are history now. Before 1979 not only was the economic policy rigidified but also people's cultural life was very bald. Common people rarely spent time and money on cultural activities. Actually none enough activities were held. People kept the life mode as two points and one line home workplace every day. They did watch TV or listen to the radio but the types of programs were also very limited. For example the TV and radio programs only included news and some revolutionary songs hence people could not get enough information from these programs. Only few people have opportunities to study in foreign countries. As a result Chinese people gave the world the impression that they did not care about the news from other countries and also did not intend to accept different cultures. These situations were also changed by the Reform policies in 1979. Literature and the arts blossomed and Chinese intellectuals established extensive links with scholars in other countries. Many different kinds of cultures have been introduced in China. Since 1979 a lot of students and scholars have been invited to other countries for studying or visiting. In addition as the standard of living some new technology has entered common people's families. For instance the internet Karaoke fitness equipment has been more popular. Chinese people can do several kinds of activities in their own homes. On the other hand more public activities such as concerts exhibitions are often held. Chinese people's cultural life is becoming more and more colorful. Chinese political environment was not very stable before 1979. Inside the Chinese Communist Party controlled the government and gradually eliminated opposition. Outside the government was dedicated to improving relationships with developing countries instead of the developed countries. For human rights only very few efforts were done because of government's limitation of knowledge about democracy. Nevertheless as the new policy has been implemented the Chinese leadership has encouraged common people to adopt more critical approaches although open attacks on party authority are not permitted now. About aspect of foreign policy more friendly relationship has been founded between China and some developed countries such as the United States Japan the United Kingdom etc. China has also dedicated in protecting human rights and has taken steps to bring its human rights policies into uniformity with international standards. Looking back the sixty years history of the People's Republic of China we can see that it was divided into two important times by the reforming and opening up policy. Every Chinese who lived in both the two times can profoundly experience these differences in economy culture and politics. As a Chinese citizen I love my mother country very much. I strongly believe that whatever changes exist China is waking up. Just as Napol China is a sleeping giant. When it awakens the earth will shake.
