Live in Homestay vs. Live in an Apartment When I came to Pittsburgh I faced a dilemma live in the homestay or live in an apartment. These two choices are both good choices and have some similarities and differences. Although living in the homestay and living in an apartment are both good ways and choices there are also some distinctions make these two choices unique and different from each others. The first obvious difference between living in the homestay and living in an apartment is the selection. For example you can not choose your homestay host by yourself while you can choose your own apartment. The only thing you can do is tell the homestay companies about your preferences and they will choose a suitable host for you. On the contrary you can find many apartments by yourself visit them and choose the best place you want to stay. Secondly another distinction is the degree of freedom. For instance when you live with someone else in the same house you have to follow their rules. Consequently if you have occasional things to do during the dinner time you should call your host family in advance and tell them you are not going home for dinner otherwise they might think you are not polite. On the other hand if you live by yourself you can go anywhere at anytime without telling anyone. You have more freedom living in an apartment compare with living in the homestay. The third dissimilarity between these two choices is convenience. As I mentioned above you have to follow your host family's rules. If you want to use anything or eat anything you are supposed to ask them for permission. And sometimes you might have to share the bathroom with them so you have to wait while they are using it which can cause some inconveniences. However if you live in an apartment you can use all things you have without concerning about others. Finally the last discrepancy is the chance to know foreign culture and to practice English. Due to living with native speakers you have more chance to practice English at home which makes you learn how to speak English more quickly. Furthermore your host family might tell you something about their culture and history during the daily conversation which might reduce the culture shock. Nevertheless you have less opportunity to speak English at home and know foreign culture because of living by yourself. Despite having more freedom and convenience living in an apartment by yourself you can learn much more things living with a foreign family. In deed there is no one better than the other. They both have advantages and drawbacks. It all depends on your own preference and decision!
