Hi I'm Kyung Jong Last Name . I wanted to introduce you to my first blog. I have been working on it about my interesting field. I have been studying English for five months at the ELI which provides me with English skills for Academic Studies. When I arrived in Pittsburgh five months ago I had been fluent in only two words which were 'ok' and 'thanks' in English. I was inappropriately dressed and culturally inept. For example I was not familiar with this term like Excuse me when I was in other people's way or I hit by others lightly. Another example I had been difficult to order in a restaurant when I tried to have lunch. As I didn't know which topping my taste was I used to eat a salty sandwich. Also through hard work and determination I have excelled academically and I have initiated extracurricular involvement as I have overcome the language barrier. After school I have watched American drama or movie on TV and I have read a newspaper and diverse books beyond my homework for five months. Before I came here I had worked for a construction company for various engineering services related to the scheduling and planning of projects analyzing integrated schedules for construction and monitoring project costs and schedules in coordination with budget and building codes. The reason why I became a civil engineer is because of one event. In 1994 the Sung Su Bridge in Korea collapsed. Thirty people were killed and twenty more were injured. This event inspired me to become a civil engineer. The collapse of the Sung Su Bridge was the result of fatigue cracks that grew in size. This accident caused enormous amounts of damage to human life and to property and it inspired me to pursue professional qualification as a civil engineer to learn about safety techniques for structures. When I was a child moreover my father had been bringing me photographs of the world's bridges and books concerning mechanics and construction management. This sparked my interest in civil engineering. When I grew older I wanted to understand not only how structures were designed and built but also how mechanics functioned to prevent structures from collapsing. I want to continue changing refining the ways in which I approach civil engineering.
